“You get on a train, you disappear.

You write your name on the window, you disappear.

There are places like this everywhere,

places you enter as a young girl,

from which you never return.”

Louise Glück

 

“If you eat my heart, you swallow my pain”

Euripides

 

The girl in the meadow isn’t the first thing Hermione sees, but she’s the first thing she’s aware of.

It’s odd because all of it – the swaying inland sea of blue flowers in which Hermione stands, the dark shapes moving in the surrounding forest, even the golden, mellow sky – all of that – should have commanded her attention first.

Instead Hermione knows, with her first breath of flower-heavy air, that behind the bigger of the moss coloured boulders to her left, a child is curled up, arms wrapped tight around her knees. The girl keeps up a steady stream of whimpers and exhalations. Hermione knows she should help; it’s what she would usually have already done, what any Gryffindor would do. But at the same time she has the primal urge to run – to get as far away as muscles and magic will take her. She’s terrified for no reason she can put a finger on.

“H- hello?” She finally manages, pitching her voice just above a whisper.

The crying stops. Out of the corner of her eye something shifts in the tree line. For a moment Hermione sees the Weasley’s party tent, Fleur and Bill spinning at the center of a throng of happy guests, the crinkle of Ron’s eyes as he grinned –

A dream.That’s it.

She’s fallen asleep after Bill and Fleur’s wedding over stimulated and overtired from the endless preparations, Ginny and Gabriella are asleep next to her – then why doesn’t she remember past the dance? Past the silvery shape on the dance floor-

“You shouldn’t be here.”

Hermione looks down to the voice with a start. Its owner is a girl of about ten, her sharp face framed by dark hair, having appeared without sound at her elbow and frowning thunderously at Hermione.

“How’d you-“ Hermione begins.

“You need to go,” Even though her cheeks are still wet with tears, the girl manages a haughty snarl, which tugs at Hermione’s memory oddly “I don’t want you here.”

“What are you-” Hermione starts again, now somewhat indignantly because this is her dream and it’s not like she wants to be here. Not like she has any idea where here is, or how she got here for that matter-

The thing that’s been moving in the corner of her eye chooses this moment to pounce. But instead of fur and teeth, Hermione feels only a curious push on her chest.She looks down to see the girls small hand against the crimson of her party dress, only it seems to be melting right into her skin.

And then the thing pounces again, only it’s already inside her chest and it’s tearing its way out and tearing Hermione apart in the process.

 

***

Hermione sits up, almost falling off her narrow cot in the process.

For a moment she grapples with disorientation because this room too is suffused with afternoon light. Nothing else brings the strange meadow to mind though.

She falls back on her elbows on a narrow cot, in a narrow room with grey wooden walls. There are no tapestries, no pictures at all actually to speak of, and certainly no wildflowers.

Hermione’s shaking, even though her entire body feels clammy. Her red party dress is soaked with sweat. Instead of the little girls sniffles, all she hears is the high-pitched wail of the wind. It hurts her ears.

A hand pushes at her torso, forcing her back into the thin, holey bedclothes. “Mudgirl doesn’t know what’s good for her.”

Hermione has a brief glimpse of what has to be the oldest house-elf she’s ever come across. His breath ghosts across her face as he presses her down; she sees that instead of teeth, he has a mouth full of writhing maggots. She has enough strength to force a quailing breath up her throat, before –

***

The next time Hermione surfaces it’s dark and her throat feels like someone poured all the sand from the Sahara down it. Her tongue has a strange dry patch on it. She’s also warm. Unbearably so.

Water.

It’s the only coherent thought she can hold. Waterwaterwaterwater – another Hermione seems to be babbling inside her as she works herself up to opening her eyes. They feel like they’ve been plastered together with gummy glue.

She manages a thin squint, and sees dusty wooden floorboards beyond the edge of her bed. They’re streaked with a pale corridor of moonlight. She aims her feet for that. 

Waterwaterwaterwaterwaterwater – a wave of nausea hits her as soon as she puts her weight on the balls of her feet.

Hermione is swept right back under. She thinks she feels her head hit the edge of the cot. But it’s a transient pain.

Already far behind her.

***

Its night when she wakes again, and there’s somebody holding her hand.

She’s fascinated, both by the cruel rings on the long tapered fingers that trap hers, and by the look of extreme concentration on Bellatrix Lestrange’s face as she mumbles a low incantation under her breath.

Hermione tries to take stock of her body and finds that she can’t. She’s outside of it all again. This doesn’t feel like bobbing along under the Imperious curse though. It feels like being deep underwater, wrapped in a powerful current, and looking up at the vivid, distorted world above.

They could be a painting Hermione thinks: she anchored to her bed at the bottom of the sea, Bellatrix and the room, high above the bright scalloped surface, chanting her spells.

As if she can feel her thoughts, Bellatrix looks up sharply. Her eyes are black pits. For a second the spell is broken and Hermione feels her horror rushing back. The edges of her vision darken. Just before she is pulled back under, Bellatrix resumes her murmur.

It’s like a warm hand has reached out of the darkness and taken hers.

*** 

Hermione wakes, feeling hollow-boned and fragile, but alert.

She lets herself glory in the return of her agile mind for a few minutes. To transfigure live creatures the wand must be turned at a 45 degree angle- Hogwarts has 346 staircases, all of them on a bi-weekly rotational axis- they say a woman’s hair is her glory, her Dad smiling as she showed him her report card, but yours is your brain poppet.

She’s alone in her little room again. She takes sluggish stock of its contents. There is a beat-up chest of drawers and a scuffed writing desk with a spindly chair. In another corner somebody has dumped a pile of black-fringed lampshades. The ceiling slants and has black mould growing on it.

She closes her eyes again.

   ***

Weak light and the pitter-patter of rain come from a tiny grimy window when Hermione surfaces next. She lies still a few more minutes before slowly pushing the scratchy blanket off her legs. Determine your location Granger! Moody’s voice growls at her. But it’s fading already, fading like the dream, and any hope she had for safety.

Gingerly she slides out of bed. After hovering her bare feet over the cold ground a moment she slips into her shoes and stands. No nausea… just a slight grogginess she’s usually associated with sleeping too long. Hermione lets her eyes adjust to the gloom a moment longer then tiptoes over to the window.

The view is a surprise. Endless rooftops stretch out in the late summer shower. Some of the roof chimneys are puffing smoke, some are home to roosts of clucking city pigeons, and a few even have a satellite dishes. It’s London! Hermione is almost completely sure of it.

The cobbled alley below her window leads to a street home to a thick slew of afternoon muggle traffic. There’s a little fenced park just behind the honking cars and, if Hermione squashes her face against the cold glass, she can make out the tops of the first swaying willows and birches.

Hermione wishes she’d spent more time in London. She can’t even begin to guess where she is, although she has strong suspicion that she’s in a better part of town than Grimmauld Place ever was. For a few moments she just stands there, face against the window, mentally urging the bus’s occupants, or even one of the passing pedestrians to detour down the cobbled alley. They don’t as much as give it a passing glance.

Hermione supposes there must be a charm to keep out curious explorers. That probably explains why she can’t hear the street either. It’s just the whistling of the wind for her.

She tries not to deflate too much. She’s in London and all she has to do is leave this house to step back into the safety of a muggle crowd. Maybe with a bit of luck she could even make it back to Grimmauld Place without her wand. Buses still run, Dark Lord or no.

Her hand ghosts where her wand would usually be sticking out of her hair. She liked to wrap her hair in a lopsided bun around it when she studied. Vine and dragon heartstring. Ten and three quarter inches. Good for transfiguration. She probes back in her memories to when she last had it. Nothing. Then an image rises. A black leather boot neatly snapping her wand on a wet grass floor. Hermione shivers.

A gust of wind rolls over the rooftops, pitching as a high wail into her room. The pigeons on the neighbouring roof squash closer together. Hermione shivers and looks down to see she is wearing nothing but her party dress and a thin cardigan. The whole outfit has really seen better days by now. The dress hem is frayed and the fabric is dirty and partially shredded near her torso. Her shoes are muddy and grass stained. There’s an odd rust coloured stain on the left one.

She rubs her arms and looks over to the chest of drawers squatting in the corner of the room. There could be a boggart in there. That would seem like the Death Eater thing to do. But she finds that the thought of a fake Professor McGonagall berating her about failed classes doesn’t scare her much. If there’s a boggart in there- well let it do its worst. She’s cold and there might be a jumper.

A sharp sting where she’s rubbing her forearm brings Hermione out of her reverie. The inside of her right cardigan sleeve is stained with blood. Near the edge of the fabric she sees what looks like a clumsily carved ‘M’. The wound underneath seems to have fused with the fabric, and after a few increasingly painful tugs, she gives up.

Wrapping her hand over the raised ‘M’, she turns her attention back to the room, and tries to work out how long she’s been here. She must have had a terrible fever. She concentrates harder and is rewarded with a flash of the leather-skinned house-elf, and Bellatrix Lestrange sitting by her cot. She shrinks from both memories, but not before another violent shiver hits her.

Okay, Hermione thinks, mimicking McGonagall’s sternest tone, first things first. The bureau with the possible jumper, and the possible boggart. Right.

She pulls open the top drawer and finds it empty except for a faded rat skull. She closes it quickly again. The second drawer has a few old Death Eater propaganda leaflets (Pure blood & Pure hearts- really?) but in the third, she strikes lucky.

The robes are ancient, and probably designed with a wizard in mind, but they are heavy and perfect. She wraps the edges over her bare legs and instantly feels, not just warmer, but safer. It’s an illusion, but one Hermione clings to. She wonders again what she’s in for here. Starvation? Torture? Mind games? So far it seems like the Death Eaters dumped her here, bizarrely nursed her through the illness and then, what? Forgot about her?

The thought spikes some righteous anger. She may not be Shacklebolt, or Tonks or even Harry- but they should think twice before thinking she can’t do them any harm. Especially Bellatrix. The witch is so stuck-up it’s probably never occurred to her that a lowly mudblood could attack her with or without a wand.

Well.

Hermione spends a very satisfying minute imagining tearing out every strand of Bellatrix’s hair at the root, or kicking in those disgusting teeth, and snapping that awful wand just like the Death Eater snapped hers-

Right until a sudden queasiness puts a stop to her increasingly vicious train of thought. It feels like heartburn. She used to get that sometimes as a little kid when a sport teacher managed to coerce her into setting foot in the school gymnasium. She hasn’t felt it in years.

When it finally passes Hermione takes another few gulping breaths, and makes for the door with watering eyes. She needs a bath. And water. And food. And she’ll have all three if they expect her to survive whatever stupid game this is. She’ll bite and shriek and be the worst prisoner they’ve ever had. I’ll tear this room to shreds. The ideas stop her short for a moment with their animal ferocity.

Where the bloody hell did that come from? Hermione shakes her head and gives the doorknob a perfunctory turn, that’s more of an angry tug really, not expecting it to do anything. In her mind she’s already running through what to do next – Alohomora? No wand. Kicking the door down? Worth a try but likely doomed to failure- when the door opens with no more resistance than a slight creak.

For a moment Hermione can only stand on the threshold in shock. This is either the most relieved, or the most offended she’s ever been. She can’t decide.

Palming the carved letter again, she steps out into the hallway and quickly closes the door behind her. For a moment she stands in the half gloom, letting her eyes adjust, and casting out all senses for any sign of her captors. She relaxes her shoulders marginally when she feels nothing in the corridor but dusty silence.

The corridor walls are warped and bulge outwards. It’s colder than her room. A few old gaslight-like scones still glow dimly on through the passage. Hermione guesses they are powered by magic. Someone a long time ago had put up evergreen wallpaper, but the black mould from her ceiling has been at work here too, and she can only spot strips of the erstwhile pattern.

There are three other doors, but Hermione suspects they lead to similar rooms as hers and has no desire to disturb the rodents she hears scratching in there. Her robes drag behind her and only catch once on a loose nail in the floorboards. She bunches them up around her knees to descend the thin attic staircase that leads to the house proper. She takes a cat-like leap down the last three particularly rotten steps.

The next floor is cleaner, but also lined with closed doors. It isn’t until Hermione reaches the grand foyer of the house that she sees daylight again. It’s weak and warbled through the two stained glass panels set on either side of the front door, but there’s a bright slash of light underneath the thick double doors leading off the ground floor. Hermione trips down the main staircase as quickly as she dares. The carpet muffles her slippered steps. Her hand is outstretched and nearly touching the door when a voice speaks behind her.

“You’re finally awake.”

Hermione turns to meet the hard gaze of a leathery old house-elf. He’s half hidden in the arch of a servant’s passage, but steps forward, baring his teeth in what might vaguely be called a smile. They are stumpy, and remind her of maggots. 

Mudgirl, she thinks disjointedly, he was the one who pushed me down.

He must be as old if not older than Kreacher. He’s lanky for a house-elf. Around his waist he’s tied a ragged fragment of an old black rag. Hermione would bet every book she owns that it had once belonged to a Death Eater robe.

“Madame Lestrange won’t like that cloak at dinner.” He snaps a knobby finger and the belt sash unwinds itself from her waist and the cloak tugs itself off her. Hermione too dazed at first makes to reach for it, but it zooms out from under her fingers and disappears into a hidden wardrobe that clicks smartly shut.

When Hermione looks back to the house-elf, his smile has imperceptibly become genuine. For half a moment anger flares within her, like a flash of a far-off light tower - but she masters it, catching a glimpse of his equally gnarled bare feet. He’s probably just as sane as Kreacher.

“I’m sorry” she begins, slowly, unsure of what game is being played here. “Who are you?”

“Pentus,” There’s a reedy note of pride in his voice now. Hermione likes this even less “Head house-elf of the most noble house of Black.”

“That’s umm... that’s really-” she finally stutters out, surreptitiously sneaking a glance around the gloomy entrance hall.

Empty. But for how long? 

Somewhere in the back of his throat Pentus makes a noise of disgust. Hermione thinks he barely restrains himself from spitting at her feet. “Weak blood- clouds the brain. The mudblood is barely able to talk!” His eyes sweep up her frame disdainfully, and Hermione fingers self-consciously at the faded robes. “But Madame Lestrange has given strict orders, even though her noble parents would turn in their graves if they knew.” He scowls at her stained shoes.

The Noble House of Black. Right. Well, there’s about a thousand places she’d rather be. She looks around, reassessing. There’s still afternoon light coming from the left side doors, if she could just- 

The dry sound of laughter snaps Hermione out of her planning. Pentus laughs in dry individual syllables, sucking in harsh breaths in between “HA. Ha. Ha.”

Hermione freezes, resisting the urge to shove past the nasty little git, thinking of S.P.E.W and Dobby and all the injustices he must have gone through. It’s a tough battle.

“The mudblood believes it can escape..?” He doubles over, this time only managing to wheeze with amusement. 

Hermione has a vision of how very satisfying it would be to give him a sharp, quick kick. Her right leg is already tensing when she catches herself. What the hell is the matter with her? Kreacher had said and done worse on an hourly basis in Grimmauld Place. She had scolded Sirius and the Weasley clan daily for their reflex cruelties. She palms the letter engraved into her arm.

Pentus meanwhile has recovered marginally. He wipes the remaining tears away, before fixing her with a smug once over. “You’re not presentable, but you are to wait in the family dining room.” He turns and opens the door leading further into the house, not out of it.

“Who am I waiting for?” Hermione asks, already half-anticipating the answer.

“Madame Lestrange of course. Come along now.” Pentus gives her a very mean smile over his shoulder “You do want to eat?” 

Hermione wishes she could refuse on principle, but at the thought of food her stomach seizes, and she actually feels a little faint. There’s also something too easy about the light under the door. There’s something off about waking up in a Death Eater stronghold and being treated like a guest. Too easy. Something happened. Hermione follows Pentus.

She finds herself, walking through the doors behind Pentus, at a table in a dining room narrower than wide. There’s a side table with a pitcher of water and some matching antique crystal glasses. Hermione moves forward, unmindful of Pentus, unmindful of anything but her sudden horrible thirst, and drains the water straight from the decanter.

The table has been set with covered serving platters. Hermione hiccups warm water, as she smells roast potatoes and ham. She reaches to take the lid off one of the smaller steaming containers and is rewarded with a smart shock of magic. She pulls back her hand and examines her smoking fingertips. Wards around food? Honestly?

Pentus still watches her. An ugly smile plays around his rotten teeth. The phantom anger from earlier is back. It’s black and vast, and it frightens her in its alien power. She takes a few steadying gulps of ham-infused air, and forces it down.

“You are to wait for Madame Lestrange.” With a final sarcastic bow Pentus apparates out of the room. Hermione hears the lock click softly.

Another door, at the far end of the dining room opens at almost the same moment. Bellatrix Lestrange pauses for a moment at the door, sweeping her hooded eyes over Hermione. She has changed into an elegant evening dress. Hermione can see the suggestion of a corset beneath the embroidered pattern. She can see more skin than she’s altogether comfortable with, really. Even Fleur wouldn’t be able to pull this off. But it suits Bellatrix, right down to the pushed out curve of her pale breast.

Bellatrix approaches Hermione. Hermione attempts to look bold and heroic and all that. Bellatrix smirks slightly. She reaches for Hermione and for a tiny moment Hermione thinks they’re going to hold hands again. But Bellatrix grasps her forearm, bringing the scarred letter up into better light. She traces the carved ‘M’ with a sharp fingernail. Then she rips back the sleeve. It hurts. Hermione winces.

MUDBLOOD

Hermione stares at the letters as they begin to bleed again. Bellatrix clicks her fingers and the bleeding stops. In front of Hermione’s eyes the cuts knit together, until the letters look like scars she’s had for years.

“Not my neatest work.” Bellatrix sighs after a moment. “You made me too irate for craftsmanship I’m afraid.”

“Why haven’t you killed me?” Hermione is absurdly proud that her voice doesn’t shake. She sounds almost bored.

“Don’t be overeager - I might still change my mind.” Bellatrix’s voice is soft. Almost thoughtful. She drops Hermione’s arm.

“Are you hungry pet?” She asks over her shoulder, sauntering over to the side-table and lifting one of the lids. She runs a delicate finger over the steaming meat. Hermione can see the grease stain on her thumb when Bellatrix brings it up to her mouth.

Hermione frowns over her grumbling stomach, and composes her face into a blank mask. “No.”

“Hmm?” Now something like annoyance flits across the older woman’s face “We’ll see how you feel tomorrow then. Back you go.” There’s a pop as Bellatrix apparates to her side, grabs her arm with greasy hands, slight squeezing sensation, then they are back in her little attic room. Hermione barely catches another glimpse of Bellatrix as she vanishes again.

Alone in her freezing rooms, she deliberates for a moment, then grabs the thin holey excuse for bedclothes and wraps them around her shoulders. The smell of ham still lingers. Her stomach feels stretched and tight from the water.

She gives the room another once over. Bed. Chamber pot. Writing desk. Chest of drawers. Barred and tiny window. She opens all the drawers again. Apart from the rat skull and the propaganda leaflet she finds nothing substantial.

The bars are placed far enough apart to barely accommodate her shoulder if she twists it just so, say nothing of the rest of her body. The door to her room has been locked. From the outside. Hermione turns slowly in the middle of the room. There’s nothing.

She sits down on the bed. The mattress is too thin, and the bedclothes offer no real warmth from the growing evening chill. It’s still light out, but by Hermione’s estimation it must be nearing nine o’clock.

She shifts around in the bed so she may see the most amount of pale evening sky through the bars. If she tilts her head like so, she can pretend she’s back in the Burrow, Ginny is snoring next to her, and all she has to worry about is destroying pieces of Voldemort’s soul, and whether Ronald really fancies her or not.

Hermione closes her eyes, and tries not to think about anything.

 

***

 

It’s two days before Bellatrix gives her another chance.


When she sees him again.

Which she will.

The second day she tries to do the same with Macbeth. She’s read it every year since she was seven, (and oh how obvious her old fascination with the witches is now) and has never had any trouble calling it to mind. But in her attic room at the top of the Black house, Hermione feels her memory stumble over words, forget whole characters, and it’s was barely afternoon when she gives up. If she could just have a little bit of water…

She tells Pentus so when she thinks she hears him skulking outside her door, but he doesn’t answer.

In the wee hours of the third day, Pentus apparates into her room. He sets down a ceramic jug of stale water, and a slice of hard bread topped with dusty corned beef on the writing desk. Then with another loud crack he’s gone.

Hermione pushes herself shakily up of the bed, and collapses in the desk chair. She gulps down half the water first, then starts on the bread and meat. It’s stuff you wouldn’t feed the mangiest dog. It tastes like heaven. Pentus returns again at lunch with stew, which Hermione all but inhales.

That evening the door is unlocked. Hermione hears the click like a gunshot in the quietness of her room. She pushes down the handle with shaking hands a few moments later, but there’s nobody outside.

She pulls her hair back into a bun. She unpicked one of the rosettes on her shoes, and she uses that as a makeshift ribbon to tie it back. She’d like a bath too, but one of her rituals for focus would have to do for now.

Nobody meets her in the corridor. Nobody meets her in the entrance hall. She’s glad. She smashed the ceramic jug against the bars of her window, but she wasn’t looking forward to actually stabbing anyone with the two long shards she’d picked out. The front door is locked. But that’s fine. The real test will be if there’s any wards.

Fred and George were not summer teachers Hermione willingly chose, but she’s glad of them now, ridiculously glad. The three bobby pins she’d fished out of her hair she’s filed down as best she could. She picks at the big lock methodically, feeling the edge of panic if she does anything but think of this as a learning exercise. Somewhere in the house someone slams a door. There’s footsteps. Hermione feels her focus slip, she fumbles the pins-

And click. The front door swings open. A gust of wind catches her face. The noise of the busy street on a mild late summer day is wonderful. Hermione scrambles off her knees, steps over the threshold, and closes the door behind her. There’s a loud noise, Hermione jumps slightly, but the driver just leans out to curse a motorcyclist, and honks his horn again.

Hermione takes the steps two at a time. Someone bumps into her. She catches a brief flash of a middle-aged businessman; he frowns at her, before continuing down the street. Two uniformed muggle schoolgirls giggle as they pass her. Another car honks, this time at her. When did she step on the road? That’s right. The park. The shade of the birches. That’s what she wanted. She makes it across the road unscathed.

Hermione stops at the park gates. It’s surreal. She can see her hand wrapped around the iron gate, fingernails still a slightly chipped red from where Gabriella painted them before the wedding, and behind it the park, full of paths, full of ways to lose Bellatrix. But she can also see the blue flowers. Her knees feel like jelly. Another Hermione seems to be chanting something happened, something happened- but what?

It takes only a little bit of probing before her memories start to flicker in front of her eyes. The wedding. Ron calling her name, with that horrible squeak in his voice that only appeared when he was really terrified. Grabbing Bellatrix and holding her back to give her friends time to escape –

Someone is leaning against the railings next to her. It takes Hermione a moment to recognize Bellatrix, wrapped in her black travelling coat, face half hidden under a scarf, watching the muggle crowds passing on the street behind her.

“Something on your mind poppet?” Bellatrix says, not even looking at Hermione. A guy on rollerskates zooms past them. Bellatrix’s eyes track him with disgust.

“Something happened-” Is all Hermione can manage. Bellatrix gives her a sharp look.

“Better get back inside then” She answers finally “We wouldn’t want anything else to happen to you.” 

Hermione turns back to the park. The paths are still there. She should be on one of them, and far away from here by now. Why isn’t she?

“Something happened,” she says again, to herself this time, and very quiet.

 

***

Dinner is glorious. Hermione can’t ever recall enjoying lightly buttered bread so much, or plain old roast chicken, or potato salad and broccoli. She eats until her plate is empty.

Bellatrix doesn’t join her for dinner. When at last Hermione sets down her fork Pentus is at her elbow almost immediately, and all but rips the dishes out of her hands. She dabs at her face with a fancy cloth napkin just to annoy him. He piles the dishes and then vanishes with a foul look in her direction.

Behind her the door slams, and she hears the click of Bellatrix’s heels. Hermione flinches. Her careful hold on normalcy flickers and she clasps her hands together to stop the tremors. She clears her throat and begins-

“I wanted to explain-“

Bellatrix enters her field of vision. Hermione frowns. Without her travelling cloak she looks distinctly worse for wear. Her clothes are not just artfully deranged but actually torn and muddied in places. Her hair is full of leaves and twigs, and there’s a big multi-coloured bruise forming across one sharp cheekbone.

Bellatrix’s left hand dangles loosely at her side, holding her wand almost like an afterthought. Her scraped fingers are wrapped loosely around the evil looking piece of wood. Her black eyes rake up and down Hermione’s frame again and again. Hermione’s stomach does a funny little flip.

“How did you get out of your room muddy?”

The question is deceptively mild, but every hair on the back of Hermione’s neck rises. She sits up a little straighter. “The door was open” She pauses “I assumed you...or Pentus-” Her vocal chords feel like rice paper.

“Liar” Bellatrix hisses.

She advances slowly towards where Hermione sits, wand raised and head cocked to the side like a suspicious child. “I put those wards up myself - no wand-less mudblood could have simply walked through them” She spins around slowly regarding the whole room with sharp eyes.

“Was there somebody else here?” Hermione mutely shakes her head, getting a very bad feeling about this turn in the conversation. “Are you sure muddy? My husband didn’t pay you a visit?” Bellatrix bares her teeth in a terrible smile “He’s always preferred filth like you over nobler stock. Your kind’s ill-breeding has always gotten my dear Rodolphus’ blood up”

Bellatrix taps her lip and considers Hermione again. “Don’t worry muddy, I don’t mind,” She leans down and traces the edge of Hermione’s jaw with her wand. “If it keeps his grubby hands off me he can do anything he likes with you.”

Hermione has little time to marvel over this unwanted insight into the Lestrange marriage before Bellatrix presses her wand a little harder into her cheek. A bolt of pain settles around her wisdom teeth like a clamp. Bellatrix giggles.

“You know there are so many delightfully insidious tortures that are overlooked for the Crucio curse,” She pushes again and the blinding toothache expands through Hermione’s nerve endings right into her skull, making her eyes water. “But you’ll never have to worry about me turning unoriginal mudbaby, I promise” Hermione lets out a little sob when it feels like the curse will push her eyeballs straight out of their sockets.

Satisfied, Bellatrix removes her wand and straightens up. She frowns down at her dress, probably noticing for the first time the ruined state it’s in.

Hermione meanwhile is failing to regain her composure. The pain is fading- but only slowly. She touches her face and is surprised to find blood coating her fingertips. She must have a pretty spectacular nosebleed.

“I’m sorry” Hermione mumbles around the clot of blood blocking her nose “I didn’t know I wasn’t supposed to leave my room” Merlin, can she be any more pathetic? But she never wants to feel whatever that curse was again, or at least not too soon. “I’m sorry.” she gulps out again.

Bellatrix seems to have momentarily forgotten all about her. The older witch has tried to brush away the worst of the dirt with her hands, but is only rewarded with disengaging another fragment of black lace. “Be quiet then.” she says, visibly coming to a decision “I understand some other witches and wizards have sunk so low as to value your chatter. I do not. I have a great many important-” Bellatrix lets out a pained hiss.

Hermione looks up before she can think better of it, only to find herself eye level with the dark mark, black and harsh and painfully raised on the soft skin of Bellatrix’s arm. Bellatrix apparates from the room without another word.

She stays sitting a few moments longer. Bellatrix’s words are already fading. She traces the scar on her arm. Something happened. She feels better than she had at the park, although whether that was from food or being back at Black Manor she can’t be sure. It’ll happen again, Hermione thinks bitterly. No matter which way I try to escape whatever happened (something happened) will hold me here.

Maybe I’ll stumble across one of Voldemort’s Hocruxes on the way out, she thinks grimly, getting up. She’d settle for a nice, big knife too. Or even better a wand. Or a nice cursed necklace she could choke Bellatr- and there it is - that sharp stabbing pain near her heart. Hermione thinks morosely of her Dad’s heartburn tablets in the bathroom cabinet at home. What a time to be afflicted with something so very… muggle.

In the evening gloom, the entrance hall reminds her sharply of Grimmauld place, with the giant Black family tapestry visible from where she walks towards the front of the house. There are a lot of Black family members, but Hermione suspects that only a few would have houses this luxuriously demonic and be deemed worthy of holding one of the golden trio. Somehow when Slytherin’s bragged about their homes, she’d always thought that they’d be less dogmatic.

Pentus said that this house belonged to Bellatrix’s parents. After her marriage to Lestrange she would have gotten a house with that name. Surely? Bellatrix must use the house as a second home, Hermione reckoned. After all her parents would be much too old to be living by now, wouldn’t they? Wouldn’t they?

Hermione suppresses another shiver at the thought of being left at any of the surviving elder Black’s mercies. The portrait of Sirius’ mother screams through her memories. She decides to not speculate at all, but keep moving.

There are doors along the passageway, some ajar, and Hermione peeks in a vast shadowy sitting room, an Edwardian-styled office, and what looks like a substantial library. Only a few candlewicks still flicker in deep puddles of molten wax in each room. She resists the urge to take a detour to explore the book covers. The double front door looms, but Hermione feels foolish before she even tries it.

Locked.

Of course. This morning was one thing, but now? How easy did she think this was going to be? But she’s on the ground floor. If she could find an unwarded window, she could just climb out and – And what Hermione? A voice she’s never heard before speaks up. It’s bitter and full of anger. Fly back to your friends? You’ll bring them nothing but trouble now. Hermione stumbles back a little at the poison in that thought. She must be more traumatized than she realises. Maybe she should-

“Is mudgirl lost?”

Pentus stands next to a large decorative vase in the half-gloom of the hall. Hermione fights the urge to squirm like a naughty child. “I was just, uh, you know, exploring” She gives him a weak smile. Pentus doesn’t return it.

“Prying”

“I prefer adventuring- has a nicer ring to it-“ She tries to joke lamely.

“Black Manor has been an impenetrable fortress since the second of the great Goblin Wars” An unpleasant smile plays around the house elf’s mouth. “Better, and purer witches than you have tried for hundreds of years to infiltrate or escape its defences-”

Hermione feels her patience snap. All wards can be broken. Especially weakening centuries-old ones. What had Flitwick always said? The joint application of time and sudden force can break all enchantments. Right.

Without waiting to hear the rest of Pentus’s speech she walks purposefully forward, eyes set firmly on the closest half-open sitting room door. Though nearly blinded by the weak evening light streaming through it after all the gloom, she can half make out soft furnishings and a large canvas resplendent with a gory medieval battle scene. The window she can’t see, but the light is there and so there must be one. There is London behind that glass. She quickens her step and reaches out; her fingertips come into contact with the cold wood of the door and-

BANG!

She is lying on the floor five metres away from the door. The heavy carpet of the entrance hall is rucked up behind her back with the force of how she was thrown. A throbbing pain radiates from her index finger outwards and her mouth is filled with blood from where she bit down on her tongue.

Hermione can do nothing more than take fast shallow breaths through her nose and clamp her hands into fists. She wonders now, for the first time with some respect, how much work Sirius did on Grimmauld place before the rest of them even arrived. There were repulsion wards in that branch of the Black household but nothing, nothing, like this. She sits up; feeling like every bone in her body is trembling with shock. Pentus still stands near the double doorway. She doesn’t have to look at him to feel his smirk.

“I trust my lady can find her own way back to her room?”

 

***

Sleep eludes her that night.

She has the first migraine of her life for starters. It feels like someone has the pads of their thumbs jammed behind both her eye sockets and is steadily increasing the pressure. There’s also the fact that any way she tries to get comfortable, she’ll end up lying on a bruise. At least she’s reasonably warm. Pentus had grudgingly appeared in her room an hour ago, levitating a trunk of old clothes, mumbling darkly about ‘instructions’.

She changed first into an ancient moth-eaten emerald knitted jumper, a dusty black felt skirt, and grey woollen tights. A big holey t-shirt promoting The Weird Sisters (looking a lot fresher and hairier than when she’d seen them at the Yule Ball) had doubled nicely as a nightshirt once she’d shaken out most of the dust.

The clothes have the slightly artificial feel of sixties textiles. Hermione prefers to believe that they once belonged to a teenage radical Andromeda, not her sisters. She folded the rags that had once been her party dress and cardigan carefully along with everything else, and placed it into the bottom drawer of the bureau. She doubts even Mrs Weasley’s superior sewing magic could save it now.

Even more grudgingly Pentus had removed the wards on one of the other attic doors, and Hermione had almost wept when the door opened to reveal the oldest and tiniest bathroom she’d ever set eyes on. But even a lukewarm bath had felt wonderful, even if Pentus’ resentful kindness had failed to cover a towel or a toothbrush.

She wonders again if the others are alright. She’s almost a hundred per cent sure Harry, Ron and Lupin escaped, but there were so many guests. And the other thing (Voldemort chanting, blood soaking a fabric rosette) the thing she’s still having trouble remembering is between then and now is still lurking somewhere too. If she could just-

Downstairs a door slams.

Hermione stiffens underneath the sheet. Something’s wrong. It’s almost like a physical knowledge. The pain at her brow intensifies, and she has to jam her hand in front of her mouth, and bite down on her knuckles to control her whine.

She hears someone moving around on the floor below. There’s a crash that almost makes her fall off her bed. A female laugh. Then another angry voice- a man’s - rises over it. She can’t make out the words. Hermione lays there for longer than she cares to remember and just listens to the muffled yelling downstairs. Then, almost before she has time to think about it, Hermione has swung her legs over the side of the bed, and pulled her skirt over her hips.

The house is unnerving after dark. Hermione blindly gropes along the third corridor walls to find her way, and is thrice rewarded with muffled abuse from a painting. When she reaches Bellatrix’s door something close to sanity returns to her. Bellatrix will curse me into next week if she sees me. She is just wondering if she’ll be able to sneak back upstairs when the door swings open-

-and Hermione finds herself face to face with Rodolphus Lestrange.

He’s mid-swig from bottle of firewhiskey and is dressed in a deep puce silk dressing gown. There are nail marks on his cheek. He swallows then coughs at her for a moment. He’s framed by warm candlelight and Hermione can spot fist-sized bluebell flames levitating in the room behind him.

“What the hell are you doing here?”

Behind him Hermione can hear someone moving around in the bathroom. “I said get out!” Bellatrix’s voice is feral even dampened through the bathroom wall. She sounds like a cornered animal.

Rodolphus drops the bottle and starts groping at the pocket of his dressing gown. Hermione, spurred by this action, finally recovers and takes a stumbling step back. “Crucio!” Rodolphus screeches.

Pain. Her headache and soreness feels like child’s play compared to this. Hermione twists and hugs her arms around her middle trying to curl away from it. It’s everywhere, and she only dimly registers falling. The wood is glossy against the side of her face and if she could only focus on that instead of the curse radiating through every square inch of her body-

It stops, and Hermione can hear angry voices. She sucks down huge mouthfuls of air. The varnished floorboards are very cool against her cheek. She keeps her eyes squeezed shut.

“- it’s Granger- what the hell is Hermione Granger doing in our house Bellatrix?”

“That is between the Dark Lord and myself.”

Hermione opens her eyes and is greeted with the sight of Bellatrix’s stocking-clad calves. The older witch is standing between Hermione and her husband. Past the hem of her silky black dressing gown, past the curve of her belly and breasts, she can make out the underside of Bellatrix’s sharp profile. She looks murderous. “And I’ll trust you remember that this is my house, not ours, and it’s contents are my property”

“You will NOT talk to me in that tone- I have been equally loyal and I deserve-“

Hermione never does find out what Rodolphus thinks he deserves, because Bellatrix moves like a viper. Her husband ducks the hex, and sets off cursing down the darkened corridor. Bellatrix keeps her wand raised until a moment later they hear the front door slam.

Then she turns on Hermione.

Hermione likes to think she has some experience with fear. She’s been petrified by a basilisk, has accidently turned herself into a cat, fought alongside the other DA students at the Department of Mysteries, and has, amongst other horrors, survived a kiss with Cormac McLaggen.

Obviously, she was wrong.

“What the hell are you doing down here?” She shrinks back under the rage in Bellatrix’s voice.

“I-“ She looks for something sympathetic in the livid face above her.

“Do you have any idea--” Bellatrix breaks off, then seems to collect herself continuing at a low whisper “How dare you show your face in my private rooms without permission”

“I- I’m sorry” Hermione stutters “I thought you were in trouble- I felt-”

Her head hurts so much now, that traitorous tears are beginning to well up. Something happened. She hates this. Bellatrix will think she’s crying but it’s just this damn migraine if she could just get rid-

Bellatrix is still incinerating Hermione with her eyes, no doubt understanding that her loaded silence is equal to any threat right now. The dread of anticipation- Hermione supposes she has years of experience to draw from. There will be repercussions for this. Painful, horrible, nightmarish repercussions. Hermione feels icy fear flow once again into the hollows of her bones. She can’t recall if she ever contained anything other than fear and pain, or if she ever will again.

Then… then she discovers something marvellous: within that last inch of fear, within the place where her heart wheezes, where her palms are clammy – she’s calm. This must be what Harry meant when he faced Voldemort. There comes a point where they can’t touch you.

Still shaking, still terrified yet somehow sure, Hermione reaches up and takes Bellatrix’s hand. The older witches’ eyes widen another fraction. Her hold on her wand tightens but Hermione doesn’t care.

Bellatrix’s hand is warm and dry. Hermione’s headache has cleared. It didn’t fade, or dwindle, it cleared. One moment it was there the next poof! She doesn’t dare- no she can’t- she strokes her thumb along Bellatrix’s ring finger. A feeling of rightness fills her. A feeling of being whole.

“Oh.”

If she hadn’t been looking directly at her, Hermione wouldn’t have believed Bellatrix had spoken. For the first time in their acquaintance Bellatrix doesn’t look angry, or even calculating. Hermione notices that she’d interrupted the older witch in the process of taking the pins out of her hair.

A loose strand of dark hair sticks to Bellatrix’s slightly open mouth. She quickly looks down at their hands. Oh Merlin, this must be what insanity feels like. For a moment they just stare at their joined hands. Hermione looks back up just in time to see Bellatrix’s face morph into a worried frown. “He said this might happen” Bellatrix’s brows draw together “He said-”

Hermione sees Bellatrix’s wand flicker out of the corner of her eye and then the world goes dark.


 

Hermione wakes up to someone shaking her. She aims a few sleepy blows to get free. Ron or Ginny or whoever it is doesn’t let go. If anything, the grip on her upper arms gets tighter. If they’re waking her because they need to even out the numbers in Apple Quidditch again so help her-

“Wake up.” That’s odd. She can’t recall any of the Weasley’s ever speaking to her so coldly-

Hermione’s eyes snap open. Bellatrix lets her go abruptly and Hermione falls back clipping her head on the cot edge along the way. She struggles up. Squints around the room.

It’s barely light, yet Bellatrix sits at the edge of her bed, holding a steaming cup and wearing an expression of distaste. Hermione sits up a little straighter. The wood of the wall is cold.

“What-“

The cup is shoved to her lips. She tries to shrink back, but Bellatrix levels her wand. Hermione begins drinking slow measured sips. It’s not poison as far as she can tell. It tastes like nettles, and is laced with the unmistakable sweetness of a sleeping draught. Bellatrix watches her drink it all, and sets the cup on the bedside table, her wand dropping again.

“It’s come to my attention mudblood,” Bellatrix begins “that your little stay with me is not working out.”

Hermione just stares back. There’s a funny prickle on the back of her neck. So this is what that stalked antelope in nature documentaries feels like. Odd, she thought she’d have more jumpy energy, instead she feels like all her bones are made of jelly.

“What-“ she begins again, stupidly.

It starts coming back to her.

Rodolphus.

Oh.

Oh no.

Bellatrix ignores her and continues. “I thought we might understood each other,” She exhales a sharp breath “But after last night-“ Hermione clenches her hands in her sheet and resists the urge to pull her knees up to her chest “I have begun to reconsider.”

Hermione stares at her dumbly as she struggles on what point to address first “Understood each other?” She’s lost for words for the first time in her life. Finally she manages “You’re a Death Eater. You’ve killed hundreds of people! You killed Sirius!”

Bellatrix’s eyes snap up. Her look brings Hermione up short. It’s not one of the six thousand varieties of insanity. It’s pure reasoning coldness.

Bellatrix isn’t insane.

Or rather she’d been doing a bang up job of pretending. Hermione’s mind reels trying to understand what this means. Bellatrix Lestrange isn’t insane. There’s slyness in the other woman’s eyes and for the first time Hermione can hear that her giggle is forced. She knows that I know.

“Do you know what happens to a hocrux when it is reabsorbed by it’s owner?”

Hermione struggles to change track “You…you can’t heal a soul without genuine remorse” She wants to kick herself as soon as she says it. She has no reason to even know what Hocruxes are. But Bellatrix doesn’t seem to notice the slip.

“That’s right” She shifts a little closer and runs a soothing hand through Hermione’s tangled hair “But I think I’d rather give up one pesky half of my soul than have it walk around and cause me grief”

“But Vol- but it’s impossible to create sentient Hocruxes-”

Bellatrix’s hand stills. “What business is the Dark Lords… ?” The she tugs suddenly at Hermione’s hair to bring her closer “You don’t remember?”

“Remember what?” Hermione squeaks.

She waits for Bellatrix to laugh and say something horrible. Maybe she did manage to kill Ron and Harry after all. But Bellatrix just stays right up in her face just looking at her. Her eyes are wide and luminous and ringed by dark lashes. The sanity in them is unmistakable.

“Oh my poor sweet pet-” Bellatrix bites her bottom lip. Hermione watches the blood rush underneath the skin. Tiny puffs of air fill the space between them, and it all feels so annoyingly good. “And here you were thinking everything was just the same?” The cunning is back in her hooded eyes.

“You’re my hocrux.”

Hermione waits for the punch line. But Bellatrix has gone back to just looking at her, a half smile playing around her mouth, and her hand cupped proprietarily on the curve of Hermione’s skull.

There’s a flicker. Then it starts to come back. The low chanting of Voldemort’s voice. The flowers and Bellatrix’s murmurings. The thing that pushed through the shell of her very existence. Something happened. Something happened. Suddenly it’s very hard to breathe.

Then someone, somewhere very far away, starts to laugh. She feels Bellatrix’s iron rings on her mouth. Tastes some of the salt on her palm. It’s quiet again. “If I’m going to give you another go, these are exactly the kind of things you’re going to need to get a grip on.” Bellatrix lifts her hand and, after a moment of hesitation, touches her little finger on the tip of Hermione’s nose.

The weirdly familiar nature of that gesture and, worse, the tingly feeling of rightness that wells up inside her, convince Hermione more than any words. A leaden weight settles into her stomach. “A piece of your soul is inside me?”

“That’s right” Bellatrix stretches back with cat-like grace, exposing her long neck “It’s been marvellous actually. I haven’t been able to think this clearly since before Azkaban.”

“A piece of your horrible, festering soul is inside me-” Hermione doesn’t want the useless tears anymore. But she can feel them coming.

Bellatrix’s head snaps back up “I could kill you and then you’d be free of it.” Hermione shrinks back into her pillow before she can stop herself. “But look,” Bellatrix smirks, tilting her head “The survival instinct endures in even the lowest.”

“I can’t-” Hermione nearly balks at her next sentence “I can’t go back to Harry and Ron.”

Her voice sounds tiny. Bellatrix gives her a humourless smile. “You’ll see them again soon enough.” At Hermione’s sharp intake of breath, she rolls her eyes “We haven’t caught them yet mudgirl- but it’s only a matter of time.”

“No it isn’t,” Hermione is suddenly very tired “They have magic you can only dream of.”

The cot creaks as Bellatrix stands. Hermione can barely keep her face in focus. The room is getting dark.

“The Dark Lord has all the magic in the world...a clever girl like you should know that.”

***

It’s about a week later that Hermione eats another late breakfast of tinned herring alone in the kitchen. She doesn’t look at any doors anymore. If she went back to Harry and Ron who knows what the soul fragment might make her do. Could it make her do anything?

She’d struggled through nearly half those awful Hocrux books twice …but then they never mentioned anything about splitting your soul into seven pieces either. She needs more data. If only she had her books. She spent weeks shrinking them for nothing. They’re probably still rotting in the Weasley’s party field.

A crash somewhere upstairs makes her pause. Bellatrix has been in a particularly fine mood following their little talk. Sometimes there’s foul smells from her office. Sometimes late at night Hermione hears the low murmur of Bellatrix weaving a spell. She doesn’t press her ear so hard into the pillow then. They haven’t spoken since that morning. Mainly because Hermione barely leaves her room.

Hermione holds a particularly oily flake of fish up in the dim light. She’s just going to have to get her hands on some more information. Every curse has a counter curse right? Until then she couldn’t risk anybody else’s life. Least of all Harry and Ron’s.

She chews some more and starts to see a plan.

***

“Come in mudgirl”

Bellatrix doesn’t even look up from her work, when Hermione knocks on the half-open door. She sits behind a heavy oak desk, almost completely obscured by rolls of parchments. There are iron-rimmed reading glasses perched on her nose. Hermione feels the hot gall of anger rise, so she isn’t even worth a glance now. She could have a firepoker or- or- she could-

“No use being angry” Bellatrix continues in the same bored sing-song “Pentus is more capable of doing me harm than you are.”

Hermione really does fight her gasp. Her heart beats wildly and her palms have started to sweat. She hadn’t felt Bellatrix in her mind so how- how-

Bellatrix snorts. “Puzzle over that one mudblood.”

Hermione stares at her, and works on getting her sweating palms under control.

“I was wondering…umm Bellatri- Ms Lestrange-” Hermione sees that Bellatrix looks at her now, eyes flashing dark and her eyebrows rising “The thing is-”

“Spit it out mudbaby.” The older woman growls.

Hermione resists the urge to close her eyes. Her next sentence is either going to work on shock value…or get her killed.

“The thing is… I’m bored.”

Bellatrix’s eyes narrow and her hand reaches for something obscured in the papers. “Oh I’m so sorry Mudblood” Her hand re-emerges, clutching her wand “ I didn’t realise I was running a day-care-- I’m sure a few turns of Crucio would take the edge right off your boredom?”

“No- it’s not like that- I mean- umm” Hermione gestures around the room “Your work. You’re doing spellwork right? Research and stuff?”

“Stuff?”

“Oh sorry- stupid muggle word for things.” Of all the times to use a muggle word “The thing is I’m quite good at it. Books and research and the whole bit”

“And?”

“And I could help you!” She scrambles “Fetch books and things you know. Not the actual brain work. You don’t even have to tell me what you’re working on- just what to fetch or write or do really.”

Hermione waits for the blow. It never comes. When she looks up Bellatrix is still considering her.

“Why do you suddenly want to help?” It’s clear that Bellatrix would cut through any lie faster than she could think of it. “Doesn’t this constitute a betrayal to your dear baby Potter?” But Hermione’s prepared for this. She tells the truth. One of them anyway.

“I miss being useful,” She says “It made all the bad parts of me acceptable.” She thinks back on how many assignments she’s written for the boys. Then shakes the thought. They’re past that.

“Well, that’s pathetic.” Bellatrix snorts, but continues before Hermione can defend herself “Muddy, we’re going to have to lay some ground rules hmm?” She taps the quill against her lips “First: no questions. You do as I say. Second: no sulking in your room for days. It’s tedious.”

“I can help?” Hermione says, hardly daring to believe it was so easy. She’ll have access to the library. Access to all those books! Her life’s blood - no matter how many souls were squatting in her.

“Yes, tomorrow” Bellatrix’s eyes flick back to her work “There’s only so much damage you can really do. Now get out of my sight- I’m busy.” Hermione nods, hiding a mean smile behind a sweet one. She turns to leave. Bellatrix’s voice stops her short.

“And rule three: no smelling like fish in my study.”

***

Hermione is starting the third day of her new life by having trouble spelling one of Bellatrix’s favourite correspondents names. He’s a man in the new ministry. Ukranian by the lack of vowels in his name.

She peeks up at Bellatrix quickly, wishing she had her usual curtain of bushy hair to hide behind. Bellatrix pronounced it ‘annoying’ on the first day, and Hermione has taken to winding it up around an old quill. She wouldn’t put it past the older witch to hex it off.

The woman in question is still perched behind her desk, absorbing an ancient evil-looking volume she’d made Hermione fetch her from the library that morning. There was no title, only an engraving of a flayed man. Hermione is dreading having to touch it again.

They’d almost fallen into a sort of routine. Hermione would report in the morning (at quarter to nine on the dot- some Hogwarts habits were hard to shake) and would invariably be stuck with some menial task. She’d already mucked out the study, impersonated Bellatrix in five bureaucratic letters, made one untouched cup of tea, and fetched half a dozen books. She was no closer to Hocrux information, but Hermione did feel the beginnings of a tentative sort of trust in her ability to perform tasks to the level of a reasonably smart dog.

Which was a start. Which she was at loathe to disrupt with something as elementary as spelling. But if this Ukrainian turns out to be important and she offends him…there is nothing for it: “Mrs Lestrange, I was just wondering-”

The door behind Hermione slams open and she narrowly avoids spilling ink all over her carefully stacked rolls of clean parchment. She never used to be this clumsy. That was more Ron’s forte. But that makes her think of Ron, and the way the sunlight made his freckles golden and how he called her ‘Mione. But no. She will not think of people who like and (maybe) even love her. She won’t get though this then.

Rodolphus Lestrange meanwhile has come around her desk and is appraising her. Beyond him, she sees that Bellatrix has remained absorbed in her reading; only her eyes have stopped moving. “I don’t know what game is being played here-” Rodolphus begins, and now that he isn’t shouting Hermione is surprised to find that his sonorous voice is actually rather pleasant “-but it stops right now.” Hermione finds she can hold his eye quite evenly.

Bellatrix’s mouth twitches. She sets the book aside and drapes herself behind him. Her hands come around and lie flat-palmed on his chest. “Nothing is being played dearest.” She mumbles into his back and he seems to relax a fraction.

“Then why is the mudblood of the golden trio your secretary?” He turns slightly towards Bellatrix “Surely there’s no end of suitable candidates?” He considers a moment. “What about one of the Greengrass girls? Or Draco’s little girlfriend?”

Hermione keeps her gaze stony. She imagines the utter disaster Pansy Parkinson would be as anyone’s assistant. If she only knew how to spell that damned Ukranian’s name, she’d go back to writing.

“Miss Granger has sympathy for our cause”

This is such a gigantic lie that Hermione is pulled right out of her semi-amusing fantasies and opens her mouth in outrage – just as she catches the murderous look in Bellatrix’s eye. Rodolphus has twisted fully to face his wife, thankfully missing the whole interaction.

“Sympathy for our cause?” He turns back to Hermione his gaze dark and unnerving “Her?”

Bellatrix makes her eyes wide and childish. She nods. “I’m to see if she’s sincere” She really is beautiful, Hermione thinks almost in spite of herself. Rodolphus seems to agree, kissing Bellatrix’s forehead, with more gentleness than Hermione would have thought a Death Eater capable of.

“Why wasn’t she brought to me? Or to Greyback?” He looks at Hermione again and now there is definitely something lecherous in his gaze.

“Because we’d like to keep her in one piece,” Bellatrix has switched back to her simpering soprano. It grates on Hermione’s ears after days of hearing her dark and even voice. “For now.”

“Hmm ... well have you been keeping busy Madame Lestrange?” Rodolphus asks, obviously done with Hermione and that part of the conversation for now.

Bellatrix grins and leans up to kiss him. His hands palm her breasts. Hermione feels her face getting hot- she is going to have to invent brain bleach to soak this from her memories. She focuses on the ink splotched half letter at her hands and tries to drown out the tiny sounds with sheer force of will alone. Rodolphus gasps and Hermione looks up to see him touch a hand to his mouth. It comes away bloody. Bellatrix giggles and twists out of his embrace.

That sparks something in Hermione’s brain. So Bellatrix is still acting insane to everyone- including her dearest husband. This is a bargaining chip if Hermione has ever seen one and she stores it away for later.

“What’s the word from the ministry darling?” Bellatrix asks, her mouth only thinning for a second.

Rodolphus grins. “It’s as we planned- once Scrigmour fell we took over, and nobody dares to speak openly of it.” He’s obviously quite enchanted by the cleverness of whole thing.

“As the Dark Lord planned you mean.” Bellatrix corrects archly.

That seems to throw some cold water on her husband’s good mood “Yes, precisely.” He takes a step back “Speaking of which, I must be getting back.” He scowls. “I’ve left Dolohov and Macnair to begin drawing up the mudblood trials. I fear it won’t end well for any of us.”

“Faithless clods the both of them.” Bellatrix’s snarls before abruptly turning sweet again. “Will you be home for dinner?” Rodolphus’ eyes slide over to Hermione.

“Yes, I think I will be.”

***

Hermione doesn’t even think that dinner would include her. Apart from the odd first two dinners she has been allowed to sneak whatever she wants from the kitchen. Provided what she wants is tinned meats and a few mouldering vegetables. Bellatrix seemed to have made her point and was content to let Hermione be.

This changes when Rodolphus joins them. Hermione is just deliberating whether corned beef or sardines will make her gag less, when there is a quiet ‘pop’ near her shin, and she finds herself standing in the dining room. She barely has time to spot Pentus who’s already disappearing with another ‘pop’. She hopes this isn’t going to become a regular thing. House-elf magic is tricky and she’s not sure she could do much against it even if she did have her wand.

Bellatrix and Rodolphus are watching her. Bellatrix with the slightly too wide-eyed look of the insane or, as Hermione is starting to understand, the over-compensating. Rodolphus’ look is more measured, and he rises and pulls out a chair on his left.

Hermione is thrown for a moment, until she remembers Bellatrix’s lie about her sudden sympathy for the dark side. Why is Rodolphus not in the know? Part of his own wife’s soul, and he nearly killed her?

I could kill you and you’d be free of it- Bellatrix’s voice floats through her memory. Well, maybe Bellatrix doesn’t care that much. She covers as smoothly as she can and settles into the seat. Bellatrix glares at her across the oak table, and while Rodolphus retakes his chair at the head of the table she mouths ‘do better’.

Dinner is excellent in terms of food, horrible in terms of company.

Hermione tries not to groan audibly when she eats her first sprig of asparagus. She never thought she’d get this excited about food. But days of tins and she fears she’s close to developing scurvy. The mushrooms are nearly a religious experience. She butters the accompanying crusty bread and tries not to eat it all in three big bites.

Rodolphus’ questions aren’t nearly half as pleasant. He lets her plough halfway through her plate before he begins. Where was she born? Did she know about the wizarding world? When did she get her letter? What were her marks? When did she first consider the dark side? And on and on it went.

Hermione tries to stay as close to the truth as possible. The dark side bit throws her a bit, but she decides she started going dark in first year, after Harry and Ron “all but sacrificed me to a troll”. She gets some satisfaction in the way even Bellatrix’s eyebrows raise when she lists her marks from last term. But it’s horribly tiring to lie about everything you are deep down, and Hermione feels a wave of immense relief when Rodolphus’ questions finally dry up.

“Well,” he says, his voice unreadable “We seem to have ourselves quite the little ally.”

Hermione looks up from her empty desert bowl. She wishes she could be sure she’s convinced him. Bellatrix seems to have reached the same conclusion. She leans over the table and takes his hand. Hermione sees that she hasn’t touched her pudding.

“If the mudblood is lying--” Her black eyes flicker to Hermione “--you may punish her in any way you see fit my love.”

Not for the first time Hermione wishes very much that she could have just died at the Burrow.

***

“My husband seems to have taken quite a shine to you.”

Hermione squints at Bellatrix, who she can just make out haloed by golden afternoon sunlight. She’s leaning against the window frame, presumably watching the muggles pass on the street below. She’s wearing a beautiful oriental fitted coat. There’s a sparrow skeleton embroidered over her clavicle, just underneath the mandarin collar, and Hermione has been trying not to ask all afternoon if Voldemort has a following in Asia.

She also has the suicidal urge to congratulate Bellatrix on her hair, which for once doesn’t look like a bird’s nest, but is haphazardly piled on top of her head to keep out of her eyes while reading. She swallows the compliment and shrugs instead “I suppose.”

“I’ll need those letters owled by nightfall” Bellatrix scowls at Hermione. The writing has become almost second nature by now. If she were anyone else, Hermione would say Bellatrix is put out by how naturally Hermione has taken to the job. The letters in question are done, but it probably isn’t advisable to tell Bellatrix that for another hour.

“Why don’t you go into the Ministry like Mr Lestrange?” The question is out before Hermione even has a chance to consider how dangerously rude it is to basically ask Bellatrix why she doesn’t leave the house.

They’re working in Bellatrix’s study, about a week after Rodolphus’ first interruption. He has been staying with them the past days and Hermione is still surprised at the eerie domestic feeling that’s crept into the house with him. When she was Bellatrix’s prisoner and everything was normal in the world, she drifted around the house basically at her own leisure. Now a disgruntled Pentus collects her promptly each morning at seven, forces her to shower, and make ancient second-hand clothes look presentable for breakfast at eight with the Lestranges. The same thing happens at dinner.

Rodolphus leaves for work at the Ministry at quarter to nine each morning, and it’s only then that things return to normal. Bellatrix hasn’t spoken to her much, not that she was a chatterbox before, but Hermione enjoys talking to someone with at least a modicum of honesty. Her lengthy conversations with Mr Lestrange at mealtimes are fraught with the constant worry of slipping up. She’s not sure why she’s pretending so hard, except for a nearly primal notion that Rodolphus is dangerous to her in a way his wife isn’t. Hermione catches him watching her sometimes when she returns after dinner to her attic room. Even if they’ve just had an almost friendly argument about the second Great Goblin War, there’s something in his face when he looks at her, like every clever word is another nail in her coffin.

But at least he leaves each morning, and never mentions his ministry work at the table. Bellatrix on the other hand has not left the house once since he’s arrived. Hermione catches the older witch watching her too sometimes, her eyes hooded and thoughtful, but her thoughts are nowhere near as plain as her husband’s. At least she hasn’t taken her wand to Hermione again since that second awful dinner.

“Excuse me?” Until now Hermione thinks, not daring to look up. Why could she never stop asking questions? The room has gone horribly quiet. Bellatrix sounds bored. “My comings and goings in my own house are none of your concern mudblood.” She breathes the last word and Hermione flinches.

Hermione fingers a loose thread on Andromeda’s old plaid skirt. She nearly jumps out of her skin when she feels a wand pressing into her throat. Bellatrix’s body is warm underneath the silk behind her. How did she get to the other side of the room so fast? “I didn’t mean-”

“I don’t care what you meant” Hermione tries to repress a tremble. She thought she’d been so careful, so careful to keep in mind what these people really were. But Bellatrix’s mild, matter of fact words cut in some soft part of her, one Hermione hadn’t even realised she had exposed. No matter how smart she was they would never see her as anything more than half-life. No matter how hard she tries- they’ll always see nothing but dirty blood-

“I thought I’d made this very clear” She has to strain to hear the woman’s voice and the tip of the wand seems to be pulling Hermione’s throat closed like a stitched bag. “I don’t care what you think-” Hermione’s windpipe has closed up completely now- “-and I don’t care to hear your chatter.”

The pressure on Hermione’s throat suddenly eases. She takes a shuddering breath. Bellatrix is already walking back to the window. She leans against the frame, looking down into the street once more. Her profile is like some old Roman coin, beautiful and unchangeable.

“Why is big bad Bella so mean?” Bellatrix murmurs, almost to herself.

Hermione massages her throat and gives the answer she knows to be right “Because I’m a mudblood.”

Bellatrix’s face remains unreadable. “Clever girl.”

***

After that things change for the worse.

Although something vaguely domestic hangs in the air, and swirls around Hermione and her two captors, she can never get the ease of that first confused week back. She avoids looking Bellatrix straight in the eye, and almost considers abandoning her assisting duties altogether, if not for the fact that a piece of the woman’s soul was squatting in her body.

Rodolphus notices the change too. He stares at her sometimes over dinner without talking, until Hermione is nearly squirming with nerves. There’s something wolfish to his gaze now. And he’s started touching her in passing. A hand resting at the small of her back if she happens to arrive ahead of him at mealtimes, a tight squeeze on her upper arm when he passes her in the corridor, a brush of his hand against her knee under the table. None of it ever directly in front of his wife.

As if Hermione could go to Bellatrix even if she wanted to. The tentative bond they had been forming is all but gone. Hermione sometimes wonders how she could have ever thought Bellatrix silent in that first week. If she didn’t hear her giving orders to the occasional Floo-in in the anteroom of her study, Hermione would have seriously worried the woman had gone mute.

Rodolphus takes his wife’s silence without the slightest sign of unease. Hermione supposes there must have been depressive moods to balance the mania when she was still truly insane. That must be what he thinks is happening now. She wonders again when would be a good time to spend her one and only coin in this game. Bellatrix is getting saner by the day.

Then on September twenty-third (which Hermione remembers because she has three letters to the Department of Magical Corrections to proofread) the distinct noise of the front door slamming wakes Hermione up. She lies disoriented in her narrow bed for a moment. It’s still dark outside, and if anybody had the decency to give her a watch, she’d guess it is a little past five in the morning.

She takes her time getting ready. The wide-tooth comb Pentus gave her isn’t half bad, if she spends at least thirty minutes brushing out the bedhead tangles of her hair. She thinks longingly of her wand. She’d had a whole arsenal of spells to get her curls sorted for the day. As she counts strokes, she watches her pigeons roost outside, and tries not to remember that she’s a shitty soul’s Tupperware container and would probably kill her two best friends in the world on sight.

Someone hacked today’s soft cotton dress off at the knees long ago, and Hermione throws on another pair of grey woollen stockings. She does wish she could stop dressing like she did in first year. She doesn’t think a pair of jeans, or, Merlin-forbid, a sweatshirt has ever crossed the threshold of the most Noble House of Black. Pentus would probably have a conniption.

It’s only when she wanders down to the dining room that she notices anything is wrong. Rodolphus sits at the great long table alone, sipping his usual black coffee and reading a copy of The Daily Prophet. She sees Harry’s face on the front cover with the big bold headline ‘UNDESIRABLE NO. 1’ and is momentarily horrified. Have they caught him? But no- no the headline underneath reads ‘STILL AT LARGE’.

It’s only after she’s loaded her plate with toast, half a grilled tomato and some eggs, that Hermione notices that Bellatrix hasn’t joined them. “Sit Miss Granger, please”. It’s the most friendly Rodolphus has been in days and every danger signal in Hermione begins to go off. Perhaps Bellatrix is just late? But Hermione casts out her senses, and can feel with some mysterious sixth one that must be the Hocrux bit of her, that Bellatrix isn’t in the house. She isn’t anywhere near it.

Hermione considers her options. She could drop her food and try to make a run for it- to where though was the real question. She could attempt to overpower Rodolphus, which she discards just as quickly. Or- or she could sit as he requested and hope that fear of Bellatrix and damage to her property would get her through this.

She sits. After a moment she feels Rodolphus’ hand ghosting along her thigh. But that isn’t anything out of the ordinary from the past week. Still Hermione can barely concentrate on eating. When the breakfast hour is up Rodolphus releases her, folds up his newspaper, and leaves with nothing more than a courteous “Miss Granger.”

Hermione nearly sags with relief when she hears the front door shut. She leaves her plate unfinished. Usually she tries to help Pentus by clearing the table, but today she just can’t face it. Her hands are shaking again and she has to make a conscious effort to still them. She sits in Bellatrix’s study and spends the morning composing three letters of recommendation to the Ministry of Magical Corrections. She’s just signing the last one with Bellatrix’s sharp signature, when she hears muffled voices downstairs.

“If you’re having us on Rudy- I swear-” Someone shushes the speaker.

That’s MacNair’s voice, Hermione thinks, pricking up her ears. What on earth? “This would not be a joke I would find funny,” A lower, rougher voice agrees. It makes all the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. There’s the stomp of boots on the stairs now.

“Quiet, gentlemen,” That’s Rodolphus, he sounds more genteel than ever “We don’t want to startle our guest.”

It takes Hermione a fraction of a second longer to understand, and to become horribly afraid. Why hadn’t she run? Why hadn’t she begged Pentus to call Bellatrix back? Why hadn’t she barricaded herself inside her room the second Rodolphus left the house? Why had she spent the morning answering Bellatrix’s useless correspondence of all things?

The voices are on her floor now, and getting closer. “Granger? Potter’s Granger?” MacNair is saying “Why would she be here?”

“She’s staying with us on some business of my wife’s” Rodolphus sounds annoyed at having to concede this “No reason for us to miss out on all the fun.”

“She is a very alluring little thing.” MacNair agrees and Hermione thinks about how the only time the man ever got a good look at her she was barely thirteen for Merlin’s sake. But they’re nearly outside the door now.

Hermione scans Bellatrix’s study frantically. There’s nothing to hide behind, except the one desk, and the anteroom is warded because it contains a Floo portal. The door starts to open. Hermione picks up the discarded flayed man book Bellatrix is yet to make her return to the library. It’s pretty heavy even though it does begin to wail faintly in her hands. She pulls her arm back like Ginny taught her when the younger Weasley still had the faintest hope of her being anything but useless as a chaser.

Someone clasps her waist from behind. “What’s this Miss Granger?” Rodolphus’ breath is warm on her ear. Hermione shrieks, drops the book and tries to struggle away. He holds on and Hermione wishes she could fight him with magic instead of something so pedestrian as brute strength. He traps one arm and then the other, all the while pressing up behind her. She struggles frantically for a few moments more before forcing herself to be still.

“That old trick isn’t going to work girlie” Out of the corner of her eye she can see MacNair leaning on Bellatrix’s writing desk. There’s a mean edge to his friendly tone. The other man must have apparated out of her sight. But she can sense him. “What do you want?” she’s proud how dismissive she sounds.

“Didn’t they say she was the brightest witch of her generation?” MacNair asks the one Hermione can’t see, then snorts and answers his own question “Seems pretty thick to me- but then bad blood will always out eh?”

“Bellatrix won’t like-” Hermione tries, and is rewarded with a shove from Rodolphus. She hits the floor, shoulder first, and hears a crack. The flash of pain comes a second later.

“You think I give a damn what Bellatrix will like?” Rodolphus standing over her, and she sees his spittle fly as he shouts “I am the master in this house.” Okay wrong tack Hermione tries to think over the shooting pain running up her neck and down her arm. Backtrack, backtrack, backtrack.

“Vol- the Dark Lord would be angry if anything were to happen-”

The other man starts laughing. Hermione focuses on him for the first time through a haze of tears and pain. She’s probably hallucinating, but it seems like he has canines much too large for a human, and a big part of his face is covered in light fur.

“Well? I assume you’ve heard of me girl?” Lupin’s voice comes back to her Greyback “Because I have heard nothing of you, from either Madame Lestrange or the Dark Lord.”

He advances “But Lestrange was right,” He sniffs the air towards her “You are a sweet little thing.”

He crouches over her. Then produces a nasty looking wand and runs it from her neck to the hem of her dress. She feels the fabric fall away. Now she’s wearing nothing but the woollen tights and her underwear. Greyback sniffs again, then to Hermione’s utter disgust drags his rough tongue from her navel to her collarbone.

Rodolphus seems to share her sentiment. He grabs Greyback by the cuff of his shirt, and pulls him off Hermione. “You can have her after we’re done.” The werewolf snarls “As usual.” Rodolphus is firm. Behind him Hermione can see MacNair unbuttoning his pants. She starts to sit up. Rodolphus pushes her back down with a flick of his wand. Briefly, as she thuds back on the ground, Hermione feels something other than deafening panic. A sort of tug. She thinks she hears something crash downstairs.

Then Rodolphus’ heavy weight is on her, but before she can cry out- it’s gone again. When she blinks, she sees MacNair cowering in the corner of the room, a dark patch on the front of his underwear. There’s a BANG and Greyback is blasted out of the study door. Rodolphus follows in the same fashion a second later.

Then there are hands pulling her up. Hermione tries to roll away, but a sharp voice hisses above her “I need to see if you’re hurt idiot girl!” A tug on her left arm makes Hermione scream. The edge of her vision darkens.

Bellatrix curses. Then yells “Pentus!” and the house-elf appears. “Fetch me my healing kit! Now!” then she goes right back to mumbling under her breath. A sort of numbness settles over Hermione’s shoulder. After a moment she finds she can open her eyes.

She’s laying on the floor of the study, or more accurately, the wreck of the study. Bellatrix is kneeling next to her, still wrapped in her fancy travelling cloak, and still muttering while waving some complicated pattern over her shoulder with her wand. Pentus reappears holding a leather satchel half as big as him. Bellatrix rips it out of his hands, and rummages inside it. She pulls out a small vial. “Drink this” Hermione notes groggily that Bellatrix’s wand is discarded forgotten next to Hermione’s elbow, and that the older woman’s gloved hands are shaking “It’ll help.”

Curiouser and curiouser.

Behind her Pentus disappears again with a soft pop. Hermione drinks the offered potion. It tastes foul, but it has the effect of the best batch of Lupin’s chocolate. Warmth radiates from her stomach outward.

She finds that she is still crying, and that she can stop. The pain in her shoulder is fading, and Hermione knows the magic is stitching her bones back together under her skin. Bellatrix has not noticed she’s run out of things to do. She’s just sitting on the floor next to Hermione, watching her, dark eyes angry and mouth a thinner line than ever.

“You left me here on purpose” Hermione surmises tonelessly. Their eyes meet, and Hermione feels a whole batch of accusations struggle to pass her mouth. But she has an odd sense that Bellatrix felt the whole incident, if not as strongly as being there first hand, and… changed her mind. Which has to be the only Hocrux perk she’s seen thus far.

So they don’t talk. A moment later, Bellatrix rouses herself, and slides one arm under Hermione’s to help her to her feet. She takes off her cloak and drapes it around Hermione’s shoulders, before helping her out of the room and up the two flights of stairs without magic and in silence. Hermione can feel Bellatrix trembling with what must be pure fury the entire way. She wishes she could hobble faster.

Once Hermione is deposited in her narrow bed, Bellatrix stands in the centre of Hermione’s shabby little cell for a moment longer. She looks strangely out of place in her expensive black dress. Her cloak, now that Hermione can see it in the light, is obsidian shot silk. She’s not all too keen on giving it back. The nights have been getting colder and colder.

Bellatrix is clenching and unclenching her fists. Her long polished nails leave deep half-moon marks. Hermione tries to look attentive.

Bellatrix looks to be on the verge of speaking. But after another moment she just closes her mouth and leaves.


Somehow this marks another turn in their relationship. Bellatrix starts talking to her again, while Rodolphus stops.

Hermione is surprised, but not really shocked, to find him sitting at the dinner table cutting his steak, when she makes her way downstairs after a dozing in bed all day. Bellatrix looks up for the barest of seconds from her seat next to her husband. Hermione’s place has been set as usual, and she breathes an internal sigh of relief when he doesn’t reach for her during dinner. He doesn’t even look at her.

The next day when she reports to Bellatrix in the study - which looks as neat as if yesterday never happened, probably thanks to Pentus - she’s not immediately consigned to letter writing. Instead Bellatrix lifts her quill and considers her. “You wondered why I don’t leave the house?”

Hermione starts spluttering out a negative response, which the older witch waves away with her quill “It was a fair question mudgirl.”

Bellatrix tilts her head, and Hermione feels like she’s being sized up for something. “You understand of course, that after the Dark Lord, I am the best known servant of our cause?”

Hermione nods. Carefully. She’d never given it much thought.

“I wouldn’t lie” Bellatrix continues “Not when they caught us, and not during those ridiculous trials.”

“Others did.” Her eyes are far away now “Karkarof, Snape… even my own family.”

She taps her quill. “And here I am. Under house arrest, while they are free to fumble the vital tasks he gives them. My dear brother Lucius should have caught your little friend weeks ago.”

“Is it-“ Hermione bites her lip then decides to stop being a coward “Is it because of me and, and the hocrux thing?”

Bellatrix looks at her, an eyebrow quirked “My, you do think well of yourself, don’t you? Nasty side effect of being around Potter too long?” She waves away her irritation “No, no – I’m here because that’s the way the world works.” She looks out the window “Greyback is equally well known, yet free to roam.” Her look turns dreamy “The Dark Lord feels I’m…unpredictable.”

“Well,” Hermione begins “I’m sorry.”

Bellatrix snorts “Thank Merlin you’re a better assistant than a liar” She jerks her head “Come, I have work for you.” Hermione carefully walks around the desk and looks over her shoulder.

“Among many other things the Dark Lord wishes to collect unique magical items of value” Voldemort’s after weapons, stuff he can only get by stealth Hermione thinks watching Bellatrix’s eyes glitter “You’ve proven you’re not completely stupid.”

Hermione stares back. Then after a moment’s hesitation, when Bellatrix obviously expects it, she asks “What kind of items?”

“Ones that requires a great deal of research to ferret out.” She sighs, then her eyes flick back up to Hermione “Tell me mudbaby, have you ever heard of the Deathly Hallows?”

She gives Hermione a stack of books to cross-reference. As if on a whim, she adds a thinner volume, The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Hermione is just about to mention Dumbledore’s odd gift, then changes her mind. Pushing paper and cross-referencing is one thing, but actively helping the dark side is quite another. Even though this project has to be one of the most preposterous things she’s ever worked on. And she’s completed homework essays from Madame Trewlaney.

An all-powerful wand, a resurrection stone and a cloak of endless invisibility? Please. It sounds exactly like some El Dorado myth the muggle world had the good sense to abandon years ago. The cloak could be plausible she concedes, thinking uneasily of one she’d never mention to Bellatrix in a million years, but the other two sound like pure, power-hungry fancy.

The Tales of Beedle Bard is interesting enough. It’s a recent version and Hermione has fun noting where it derives from the first edition her old headmaster left her. The other books aren’t such stimulating reading. Mainly they’re records of old wizarding wills and genealogies.

She’d love to compare them to muggle family trees and blow a few holes in their precious pure blood theory, but she tells herself that’s something she can do after the war. Once they’ve destroyed five more pieces of Voldemort’s soul, not the mention the wizard himself, and have somehow convinced a convicted mass-murders soul to vacate her body. Which should all be a lark.

Bellatrix has her cross-referencing for magical cloaks passed on in three subsequent generations – which is just above the average lifespan of a standard enchanted cloak. So far she has found fifty-three instances of such a thing happening for two generations, although even then she doubts they are the same continuous coat. She carefully fails to note the will of the Peverells once they morph into the Potters across three volumes. Every few generations one wills a magical cloak to his eldest son in writing. Nothing you could pick at a glance, but odd all the same. James Adrian Potter is the last recorded recipient. Not that Bellatrix ever needs to know that, but it makes Hermione pause.

“Anything yet?” Bellatrix asks at the end of the day. Hermione shakes her head, feeling for a fleeting moment like one of the golden trio again.

Bellatrix seems to have expected no different. “It would have been a cause for family dispute.” she muses darkly “Probably the cloak was liberated from the weaker, older party at the first opportunity.” She gestures vaguely towards the remaining stack of books “There’s always Greater Ireland and Scotland to check.”

Hermione has half a mind to tell her that not all families distrust each other, but thinks better of it. She just nods. Bellatrix puts down her own book. She’s been trying to find another Philosopher’s Stone. There was talk of one in Russia apparently. Hermione is surprised feel late afternoon sunlight on her face. She’d been so absorbed in research she had lost track of the time.

Bellatrix catches her wistful look outside and smirks. “Starved for the sun?”

“I suppose so.” Hermione says carefully, not certain what the borders of their newfound civility are. “I haven’t been outside in-” She quickly does some mental calculations. “-thirty-two days.” Over a month since they caught me she thinks to herself. The air in the study seems extra stale after that depressing revelation. She wonders if Harry and Ron have made it to Godric’s Hollow yet.

“I can’t stand being cooped up inside all day either.” And with that Bellatrix holds out a gloved arm. “Come on.” Hermione stares at Bellatrix and then the proffered arm for a moment. Then, when what she thought was nothing more than a mirage refuses to waver she steps forward and touches her fingers to Bellatrix’s bicep, careful to avoid the strip of exposed skin between her glove and sleeve.

A jerk at her navel that pulls her forward-- and the next moment she is stumbling - stumbling away from Bellatrix and into startling brightness. Hermione avoids falling, just barely. A fat amber butterfly glides past her nose. The wind ruffles her dress, and the gentle breeze makes the small hairs on her uncovered arms stand up.

She’s in some sort of wild rye meadow dotted with late summer blue cornflowers. It moves in the wind like a small golden ocean. It also smells heavenly. Somewhere up high in the surrounding canopy she can hear birdsong.

Hermione draws in a shuddering breath. Her first full one it seems to her since the wedding. It’s fragrant with earth and sunshine. “Thank you.” She says on the exhale. And she really means it. If this is an apology or a white flag or another elaborate trap, at this moment she doesn’t care.

Then she turns to smile genuinely at Bellatrix Lestrange for the first time in her life. The older witch is also standing in waist-deep gold, but her eyes are fastened on Hermione’s face. They grow darker at her words. Her “You’re welcome.” is very quiet.

Hermione doesn’t quite dare to look away from her quite yet. “What is this place?”

“I used to come here when I was younger.” Bellatrix shades her eyes and looks around the clearing critically. “It’s terribly rural of course-” Her gaze flicks back to Hermione’s face “-and I’d obviously catch you in a second if you tried to run.” Hermione flushes, which Bellatrix seems to take as confirmation of her words. She doesn’t seem angry though.

As a matter of fact the thought of escape hadn’t even crossed Hermione’s mind, and she was ashamed to realise it. Something stirs uneasily in the back of her mind. She pushes it away. She needs to focus.

“But we can visit here, from time to time, if it… suits you.” If Hermione hadn’t seen her lips move she wouldn’t have believed Bellatrix had spoken.

“I… I’d like that.” She says after a moment. Then, because her mental health can’t take another second of this weirdly forthcoming Bellatrix Lestrange, she turns back to the meadow.

They spend an eerily pleasant hour in the forest. At first, Hermione walks sedately along the edge of the clearing. After gaining enough confidence that Bellatrix isn’t going to hex her from where she’s perched on a boulder, idly levitating a pretty annoyed adder, she jogs a couple of turns. It feels wonderful, and she kicks off her coral flats, which really have seen better days by now, to feel the damp ground between her toes. When the sun starts to set Hermione takes Bellatrix’s proffered arm again.

They don’t speak. As they eat a silent dinner that night with Rodolphus between them, the peaceful atmosphere left over from the smell of earth in the room is almost a physical sensation to Hermione. She fills an old glass with water and blue blossoms that night to put on the windowsill in her attic. The geometric designs in the crystal cast pretty reflections from the other skylights. She sinks back into her bed and watches them.

The unease that’s been building in her all day roars into full life out of nowhere. What is she doing? Why hadn’t she run the second she stepped into the clearing? Even as Bellatrix’s Hocrux, the Order of Phoenix will be honour-bound to help her! And they would be better equipped than Hermione is alone.

Bellatrix’s abrupt mood swings are nothing to base her survival on. Sure, she’d smacked her husband and his friends across the wrist yesterday. But Rodolphus is still eating dinner with them isn’t he? Merlin, Hermione thinks as she stares at her silly flowers, how can I still be so stupid?

Hermione can feel the beginnings of another headache stirring behind her eyes. The lights of London seem very far away. I’m not going to get back to Harry and Ron as me, am I? She bites down on her bottom lip. Bellatrix will forget about me, or I’ll slip up somehow, and Rodolphus will be waiting. And he won’t kill me. Him and MacNair and Greyback won’t kill me.

She has a vision of Bellatrix and her in the glade a few weeks from now. Except it’s not her, it’s some poor dead-eyed girl who won’t even be able to understand her N.E.W.T.S, and who’s got bite-marks all over her. And Bellatrix won’t care- because she’s Voldemort’s first lieutenant, and all that’s required of Hermione to be a hocrux is to keep on drawing breath.

Downstairs something crashes, and someone curses. Hermione can make out the angry inflection in Bellatrix’s voice but not the words. After a moment, Rodolphus joins in.

Hermione wraps herself in her thin bedclothes, makes herself very small, and tries to go to sleep. 

*** 

“Did you ever come across the philosopher’s stone in Hogwarts?”

Hermione looks up from her work. Bellatrix is indeed speaking to her, but judging by the frown in her voice, she won’t be much longer.

“No.” She tries to remember that distant school year “Got caught out solving Professor Snape’s potion puzzle.”

Bellatrix looks mildly impressed. “The greasy bat’s been crafting those since I met him. I didn’t know anybody else had ever solved one.”

She looks back down and says almost as an afterthought “Clever girl.”

 

***

 

They’re in the meadow again a few days later. Hermione has spent most of this visit draped on the big boulder, soaking in the sun. She’s bunched up Andromeda’s old jumper for a pillow, and is pretending to watch the fluffy early autumn clouds.

Bellatrix is collecting plants, just inside the first trees. Hermione knows she’s begun brewing some horribly complicated potion in the anteroom of her study. Not because Bellatrix told her, Merlin forbid, but Hermione knows from experience there are only so many uses for post midsummer henbane. She’s humming tonelessly and is in one of her new strangely content moods.

She’s hoping that Bellatrix is too absorbed to notice that twilight is slowly creeping in. Venus’ bright light has already appeared in the darkening skies. Hermione reckons she needs at least half an hour more before the other stars will start coming out. All she needs is one clear look at the constellations here. She didn’t study astronomy for nothing.

‘The stars are always the first step in finding the way home.’ Professor Sinistra used to say. Professor McGonagall used to say all that was needed was a mind of ones own. So one out of two wouldn’t be half bad.

She’s almost certain the meadow is still on the British Isles. The plants aren’t different from home, and the weather matches what she can glimpse outside Black Manor. When she listens hard she can hear the rush of water off towards the east. A fairly large river she guesses. That’s where she’ll head if she makes a dash for it from here. Hermione’s never been the best swimmer, but the possibility of drowning doesn’t much scare her. There are worse ways to go. She’ll take that gamble.

“Time to go.” A gloved hand touches her arm. Bellatrix is still in her dreamy mood. Her hair floats around her face, and her cheekbones have the slightest hint of colour. Hermione isn’t stupid enough to take this for friendliness. She sits up, and grabs her jumper, just as the tug at her navel comes. There’ll be another chance to see the constellations she tells herself. It’s only one plan of many after all.

If only her other plans were coming along any better. She’s moved on to the wizarding wills of wider Europe, now looking for especially potent protection charms. Bellatrix hasn’t asked her to fetch any books in days. She’s mostly in a focused haze of potion making. She forgets Hermione exists for hours on end. Hermione envies her a little for that. Belgian wills aren’t particularly thrilling, and her French is rustier than she realised. She’d rather be making a potion.

She’s also starting to doubt that Bellatrix has any books on Hocruxes – no matter how impressive her library is. Hermione had spent a few uncomfortable hours probing her memories, and recalled now that Bellatrix had seemed unfamiliar, except on a superficial level, with the spell she and her master had cast. The older witch certainly doesn’t seem to realise what a dangerous and uncommon thing it is to tether a soul fragment to a living creature.

What Hermione really needs is her little beaded bag, probably still rotting in the party field. Some passing gnome has surely nicked it by now. She’d known the Hocrux books were rare, but in her fear for herself and her friends, she had momentarily forgotten all about them as best as she can remember.

She’s just finishing Jean De Smet’s impressively generous 1735 will, when Bellatrix emerges from the little side door. The smell of henbane clings to her. She’s yet to fail to astonish Hermione with her almost supernatural elegance. True - her flowing black lace over-coat is charred and smoking in some places - but Hermione kind of wishes she could’ve had someone to teach her how to pull that calibre of thoughtless charm off - especially in the midst of her studies. She might have gotten Ron’s attention quicker that way. Maybe she could find a book on the subject.

“It’s come out perfectly!” For a moment Hermione’s brain can’t quite comprehend the fact that Bellatrix is smiling (revealing some pretty big canines) and speaking to her. She smiles back uncertainly. It feels strange on her face.

Bellatrix hauls Hermione out of her chair, and into the next room, where a brass cauldron stands, filled to the brim with shimmering opalescent liquid. It smells vaguely acidic. Hermione is very aware of Bellatrix’s hand, still clasping hers, and the fireplace, which holds a merry little flame that occasionally flickers green. The Floo Network.

“Liquid Trace” Hermione breathes. Bellatrix’s hand squeezes hers tighter then releases it.

“Just a safety measure,” Bellatrix walks around the cauldron “Our hocrux link makes it practically impossible for you to leave of course, but a little extra security never hurt anyone.” Hermione stares at her. Bellatrix rolls her eyes. “Oh calm down. It won’t hurt you. I know what I’m doing.”

“Anyhow, you got me thinking,” Bellatrix continues, still watching the potion with glee “Even without you, Potter did manage to scrape through six years of Hogwarts. And Lucius certainly isn’t known for his resourcefulness.”

“But doesn’t mature trace attack the lymphatic system?” Hermione asks cautiously. “We studied it last year with Professor Slughorn, and he said it could cause fatal tumours if the weight of the subject and the dose weren’t precisely calibrated.”

“Poppycock,” Bellatrix murmurs looking at the leaping potion happily “An old wives tale to scare off the rabble.”

Hermione still has reservations, but would prefer to keep Bellatrix in this cheerful mood. And why should she care? If Harry and Ron ever got close enough to this potion and its maker, they were already as good as dead.

“How did you manage to brew it?” She takes a look around at the table of ingredients “I’ve heard it’s very complicated.”

“There are few in the wizarding world who can.” A mean grin flits over Bellatrix’s face “Snivelling Severus has never managed it.” She taps her lip “At last count I only knew myself, that fat git Slughorn and some shaman in Nairobi could stopper it in its non-lethal form.” She lists them off on her curved nails “And I’ve been a little busy to make much of it these last few years. Not many uses for it in Azkaban.”

It’s the first time she’s ever mentioned the wizarding prison in Hermione’s presence and something rough creeps into her voice. Hermione switches the subject. “How long has it taken you to brew?”

“A few weeks give or take” Bellatrix stirs “I had to step out to buy some rather choice ingredients before I could begin.” There’s an apologetic note in her words.

Hermione understands. “The day Mr Lestrange and his friends…?”

Bellatrix sniffs “Precisely.” Her eyes flick to Hermione. “I know you have some fantastic notion that I left you undefended on purpose-”

Liar, Hermione thinks decisively. Liar, liar wand on fire. But she schools her face into a neutral expression. It’s interesting that Bellatrix feels the need to lie to her at all. Last Hermione checked she was nothing more than collateral to the older witch.

“Who taught you how to make it?” She’s guessing it must have been Slughorn. From what Harry told her the old Potion Master had been head of Slytherin around the time Bellatrix went to Hogwarts. He was probably great mates with witches as promising as the Black sisters-

“My father.” Bellatrix says, rather tonelessly.

Hermione judges another question wouldn’t result in physical harm. “This is your parent’s old house isn’t it?” Bellatrix nods still distracted. Nothing more is forthcoming.

“Well it’s really something.” Hermione concludes lamely, not sure if she’s talking about the potion or the house. Both scare her equally if she’s honest with herself.

“When they almost had you-” Bellatrix frowns, as if grappling with concepts far bigger than advanced potion making “I didn’t like it.”

Hermione struggles to change tack. She has no idea what to say to that, because how do you phrase ‘thanks you weren’t totally fine with your husband and his mates attacking me’? She settles for silence.

“I’ve never had a problem with that-” Bellatrix stirs harder “Not since I joined him.”

“Well,” Hermione says, more irritated than anything, after a moment when Bellatrix seems to have fallen into deep disgust with herself “Maybe that doesn’t apply when you’re using someone as cold storage for part of your soul?”

Bellatrix looks up sharply and for a second Hermione fears she’s overstepped whatever weird boundaries they’re slowly establishing. Then Bellatrix snorts.

“Potter might’ve been onto something, keeping you around.” And then she’s stirring the potion harder then ever, and Hermione finds she’s smiling rather than frowning, because having a laugh with Bellatrix Lestrange is not something she would have ever pictured herself doing in a million years.

Hermione’s lays in bed much later, when it occurs to her that she didn’t even attempt to dash into the floo fire. She shifts and punches her lumpy pillow into shape. Where would she go anyway? She’s just shared a joke with Bellatrix Lestrange. She’s a lost cause for sure.

 

***

 

 

Their housebound limbo survives until October 1st.

Hermione has been keeping a tally in her head: first two weeks Bellatrix classic. One week: Rodolphus the charming, the week after: Rodolphus the creep. The last two: Bellatrix the weirdly friendly.

When Hermione comes down to breakfast on the first October morning, Bellatrix is already halfway through her coffee. She hates eating in the morning, and won’t have anything before lunch unless Pentus brings her something for morning tea. Hermione pauses by the door to marvel how weird it is that she knows that.

“Make it quick muddy” Bellatrix says, eyeing Hermione’s marmalade toast as she sits “We’re leaving.”

“To the meadow?” Hermione asks around a bite, absurdly hopeful for a second.

“No.” Bellatrix answers, scowling at her open mouth “Malfoy Manor.”

Hermione nearly chokes on her next bite of bread. She wonders if she heard correctly, it won’t do to ask again, but she could ask- “What for?” She makes sure there’s no food in her mouth this time.

“I’ve had a message,” Bellatrix flicks her wand and Hermione feels a bit of jam disappears from the corner of her mouth. Hermione feels her cheeks go red “And not a moment too soon- if I had to do any more paperwork I might have actually gone insane. Again.” Bellatrix puts down her wand and picks up her cup “Lucius has finally sealed his fate. He’s let the boy slip through his hands twice now.” Hermione puts down her toast. Suddenly she’s not very hungry anymore.

“I’ll start overseeing the hunt today” She sips. “No more house arrest for us mudgirl.”

Us, the word reverberates through Hermione’s mind. It does something funny to her stomach. Not Bellatrix and Rodolphus. Not Bellatrix and Pentus. Bellatrix and Hermione. Us.

“Why Malfoy Manor?” she manages, feeling very sorry for Harry and Ron.

Bellatrix shrugs, draining the last of her tea. “The Dark Lord is travelling on other matters.” She flicks her wand and the food disappears, right down to the last corner of toast Hermione is lifting to her mouth. “And the house is empty, except for my sister’s family. I’ll be out more often, and I’ll need someone trustworthy to watch over you. If you were damaged I would be…displeased.”

“Oh.” Hermione feeling like more like a trinket than a person. Why couldn’t Bellatrix have stuck part of her soul in a family heirloom like a normal homicidal maniac? “When do we leave?”

“Immediately.” Bellatrix nods towards her study “We’ll floo there.”

“Now?” Hermione looks up “My things- if I could just run upstairs-”

“What things? Those rags Pentus gave you?” Bellatrix snorts “Cissy wouldn’t let you cross the threshold in them.”

“But-“ Hermione knows that she doesn’t own anything in that squat little room really. But it would be a comfort to take her ruined party outfit. Remembering Malfoy’s stuck-up mother, she’s suddenly very conscious of how shabby she looks. She had chosen a dusty wool dress from the bottom of the trunk that morning, because she had assumed they’d stay indoors. Also because it usually put Bellatrix in a good mood to see the carved letters on her arm. Her shoes aren’t coral as much as they are colourless and stained.

“No buts,” Bellatrix admonishes, reaching for Hermione’s upper arm when she doesn’t move, and steering her out of the room. “I’ve sent everything we’ll need ahead with Pentus, and I’ve wasted half the morning waiting for you to wake up. Cissy will sort your clothes.”

Hermione hardly hears her, too busy marvelling at the firm, cool fingers above her elbow. Bellatrix hardly touches her for long, and never skin on skin since that awful stairwell episode. Where her skin touches Hermione’s there’s a feeling of warmth, and pure magic travelling between them.

Hocrux perk number two it seems.

Bellatrix notices it too. They’re in the corridor and she’s slowed her gait. Her thumb brushes absentmindedly, making the small hairs on Hermione’s arm stand up.

She turns and Hermione bumps into her. Bellatrix’s other hand finds Hermione’s face. Her palm is warm along her cheek and her thumb brushes gently along thin skin under Hermione’s eye. It tingles. There are lights flashing in Hermione’s vision and she feels like she could float away with contentment. Who knew Hocrux magic could be so sweet.

“It’ll be different at my sister’s house,” Bellatrix breathes. “I’ve become-I’ll be different.” She amends after a pause.

“That’s alright.” Hermione manages through a fog. Bellatrix pretending to be insane won’t be any more tiring than this Bellatrix who she doesn’t entirely hate.

Bellatrix takes a strand of Hermione’s hair and winds it around her own fingers. “You know, I don’t remember what I expected you to be like.” Bellatrix’s words have a rough edge. It’s the clearest her voice has ever sounded to Hermione. The shadows around her eyes aren’t so much cosmetic as physical today. Funny, she always believed Bellatrix had the boundless energy of a toddler. Apparently not.

“I always pictured you as a female Potter.” Bellatrix snorts. “Imbecilic, and unable to see anything but your own heroism.” Hermione stares at her, not trusting herself to say anything, but trying to gauge where the older witch is going with this.

“Lucius hasn’t caught him yet,” Bellatrix moves her hand under Hermione’s chin and tilts her face up almost gently. “But I will muddy, just like I caught you. Make your peace with that. Soon.”

“Sometimes-” Hermione begins. “Sometimes I wish we could have met another way. I think we could have been-.” Something. Not friends exactly. Equals. She breaks off, and prepares herself for the rebuke. Dirty blood, clean blood, blah, blah, blah.

But it never comes. Instead they stare at each other for another long moment before Bellatrix lets go and Hermione is left to hurry after her.


 

Narcissa is confused by Hermione’s presence.

Ever since her and Bellatrix flooed in an hour ago, and the latter disapparated with a cheery “I’m off!” Narcissa has looked like someone is holding curdled milk under her nose. She’s shown Hermione her room (beautiful but on the third floor- something you’d stick a second cousin in judging by the rest of the house), and enchanted a tape measure to take her measurements to be sent off to Master Wilkins ‘as soon as humanly possible’.

Now they’re having tea in the sitting room. Draco and Lucius are out, and not due back till nightfall. Hermione sips at her tea. She glances at Narcissa again. If anyone could have created the polar opposite to Bellatrix, they would have probably reached Mrs Weasley. But Narcissa is unlike her sister in subtler ways. She’s beautiful in a cool, elegant sort of manner. Where Bellatrix has a dilapidated glamour, Narcissa is as fresh as the pale orchids in the vase behind her.

“You must tell me again my dear,” Narcissa puts down her cup and saucer “My sister is sometimes intolerably brief-” Her eyes skewer Hermione “- when did Hermione Granger become our ally?”

Hermione sighs and launches into her mountain troll story again.

 

***

 

Hermione’s clothes arrive in the afternoon. She’s managed shy small talk with Narcissa since she finished her fabricated tale of turning to the dark side. Mostly they talk about Draco. It’s odd hearing that he enjoys Astronomy, spends most of his holidays outdoors, and has a gift for animals. Hermione remembers Buckbeak, and tries not to show it.

There’s a chime from the entrance hall, and both Narcissa and Hermione look up. Narcissa stands. “Your new wardrobe is in your room Miss Granger.” She says not smiling exactly, but at least not looking like something died “We dress for dinner, but I’m sure you’ll want to change beforehand.” She gestures upstairs “I have work to do, but please find me if there’s anything you need before then.”

Hermione shuts the door to her room five minutes later, never gladder to stop talking in all her life. The constant lying she was getting a handle on, but Narcissa’s exhausting politeness was going to take some adapting.

She steps away from the door to look at her new surroundings more carefully. There’s a four-poster bed, a claw-footed writing desk, and a wardrobe. A small bookshelf and an armchair stand facing the fireplace. The bookshelf holds nothing but fiction, and all wizarding classics from what Hermione can make out. The walls are hung with tapestries and her window looks behind the great house, over a distant lake, ringed by dark pine forest. Hermione realizes with a pang that she’ll miss her pigeons.

She reads a little of Cassandra and her Cat and sleeps fitfully for a few hours, on top of the dark blue coverlet. She’s always tired these days. She has nightmares about Rodolphus reaching for her and Bellatrix laughing at her pleas for help.

When she wakes darkness is setting in and someone, probably a house-elf, has lit the candles. Hermione shuffles out of ugly woollen dress, and only after a terrible struggle decides not to throw it on the fire. She might need it.

She opens the wardrobe and stuffs the old dress in the paper basket after all. When she slides into her new underwear, and matching slip, she mentally thanks Master Wilkins for making things in silk, rather than scratchy woollen fabrics. The clothes are a bit too Pansy Parkinson for her taste, but thankfully, amongst all the black lace and architectural dresses, Hermione finds an unassuming evergreen sheath. She also unearths a comb, and exhales when she sees that its one of the expensive magically detangling ones. Her hair is up and presentable in minutes.

There’s a tray of jewellery too, and, ignoring her usual instincts, Hermione pins an amber swallow near her throat. There’s even matching droplet earrings. That should convince Bellatrix that she can blend in and deceive with the best of them. Plus it should annoy her nicely, seeing as they’d sort of match the creepy bird skulls Bellatrix favours.

She spends a few more moments contemplating herself in the wardrobe door mirror. She looks nice, if a little like her Mum on the annual Dental Practice Christmas bash. She wishes she had her jeans back. More than that she wishes she were going down to have dinner with Ron and Harry and people who actually liked her. But she’s looking forward to seeing Bellatrix too. It’s strange to spend a whole day without getting insulted by her once.

The dining room is already alight with candles, but Hermione is only the second one to arrive. Draco sits at the end of the table, engrossed in a thick volume of hunting spells. He’s paler than she remembers him being. There’s a sallowness to his cheeks that wasn’t there last year.

“So it’s true.” He says when he spots her on the verge of turning around and leaving. “When Mother told us I thought she was joking.” His voice is still haughty, but the way his eyes scan the room is not. “Dark horse Granger. Aren’t you and Potter basically joined at the hip?”

Hermione doesn’t trust herself to speak so she just sticks out her chin and stares him down.

“And how will Weasley know his arse from his wand without you?” Malfoy smirks and she’s glad that his tone is infused some of his old cruelty. Draco at least is predictable in all this strangeness.

“I’m sure he’ll manage.” She replies airily.

“Well,” Draco sets aside his book. “As long as you don’t have any illusions about me being your next boyfriend, we should be fine, Granger.”

Hermione is just about to shoot back that hell would have to freeze over first- when the rest of the dinner party arrives. Narcissa and Lucius brush past her with cordial greetings. Draco receives a kiss from his mother. Bellatrix doesn’t look at her at all. There are scratches all over her hands. Narcissa clears her throat, and they’ve faded back into smooth skin by the time they are all seated.

Dinner is uneventful. Bellatrix barely touches her greens, or the stuffed fish, and if Hermione weren’t so busy fielding polite questions (Narcissa) and thinly veiled insults (her son), she’d worry. But she’s not. Worrying about Bellatrix Lestrange. No way.

Lucius meanwhile seems to be on another planet entirely. His hair is greasy, and his eyes are bloodshot. There’s the faint sour odour of alcohol, and unwashed clothing clinging to him. His son and wife ignore him completely. He eats everything on his plate, but methodically, seeming not to taste anything at all. After a few unanswered remarks, Hermione ignores him too.

I’ll be different, Bellatrix had said. Is this what she meant? Hermione had just assumed she meant to return to a crueller version of herself. To be cursed, and ridiculed Hermione could survive. In fact, she was beginning to develop a hypothesis that the body could grow resistant to certain curses. Like magical antibodies. Not anything she could test with any objectiveness in her current situation, but an interesting theory to mull over nonetheless.

To be ignored is a different kind of torture. She longs to ask what Bellatrix has been doing all day. The answer probably won’t be pleasant, but a slow growing fear gnaws at her. To lose whatever intellectual companionship they’ve built probably won’t be immediately life threatening at Malfoy Manor, but still. She’d miss talking to Bellatrix.

“And how was your day Mrs Lestrange?” She finally breaks, and over the spiced pumpkin pudding. Out of the corner of her eye, she sees Draco pause mid-swallow of wine, his eyes going wide.

Bellatrix glances up at her, and even though she’s scowling, Hermione knows her well enough to read the bright spark of amusement in her eyes.

“Acceptable, Miss Granger.” She answers with sarcastic politeness.

Hermione nods, and eats another spoonful of dessert, pretending to consider the curt answer. She still feels Bellatrix’s gaze on her.

“I see Miss Granger’s clothes have arrived” Bellatrix stretches back in her chair, tilting her head to consider Hermione. Narcissa nods, casting an approving glance over Hermione’s dress.

“I had them place a rush order.” She says, lifting her goblet to Hermione. “You wear them well my dear.” Draco snorts, and it takes a monumental effort not to throw the contents of her bowl in his face. Lucius doesn’t appear to hear a single word.

“Thank you.” Hermione smiles what she’s starting to think of as her Narcissa-smile. Shy, but polite. Out of all of her less than attractive qualities, shyness was never a problem.

Bellatrix seems to have reached the same conclusion. “Oh the pretty mudblood rose is demure now?” She narrows her eyes. “How droll.”

“At least I’m not rude.” Hermione shoots back before she can help herself.

The table goes very quiet. Draco seems to be attempting to fold into himself, and Lucius is staring at her. Narcissa is watching Bellatrix “Bella, I’m sure Miss Granger didn’t mean –”

Bellatrix laughs and the Malfoys all jump half a foot off their chairs. “Stop blabbering Cissy, she meant exactly what she said.” Her eyes are fastened on Hermione, and instead of being scared Hermione finds she’s enjoying herself. Here is the Bellatrix she knows. Nasty and unpredictable and interesting.

“I did.” She says; relishing even more the way Draco shifts his chair back from the table. “How was your day Bellatrix? Really?”

Bellatrix considers her, and now there is a smirk playing around her mouth. “Taxing.” She gestures to Lucius “Cissy, your husband has left the Potter hunt in a right old mess,” She reaches for her goblet and downs her wine in one gulp, before pouring herself another. “The snatchers are an unfocused disaster, and there’s been an overreliance on torturing the extended Weasley clan to find out the Potter boys whereabouts.”

“Did –” Hermione watches the muscles in Bellatrix’s throat work. Her enjoyment is gone. “Were any of the Weasley’s killed?”

Bellatrix looks at her coldly for a moment. Hermione marvels how it came to this, how she came to not entirely dislike the woman who had tortured Neville’s parents to insanity, killed Sirius, and now possibly hurt one of the Weasley’s beyond-

“They certainly deserved it,” Bellatrix says “Blood traitors the whole lot of them.” She watches Hermione a moment longer then says “But no. Lucius was wearing kid-gloves.” Hermione catches herself before she sags with relief.

“It was a waste of time in any case” Bellatrix continues, “Ronald Weasley is laid up with Spattergoit, so there’s very little chance he’s adventuring around with Potter.” She narrows her eyes “And since you’re here with us, it would seem that the Chosen One is all alone in the world. Am I right?”

Hermione nods quickly. Bellatrix tilts her head and watches her.

***

 

Later that night, Hermione is just about to nod off, when she feels the mattress dip, and knows another person is in her room.

“I want to talk,” Bellatrix says conversationally after a moment.

“About what?” Hermione manages, proud that she hasn’t screamed, but confused by the way Bellatrix is just lying there, not doing much of anything, her shoulder just an inch away from Hermione’s. They’re both silent another moment, and Hermione fights the urge to sit up. Suddenly, Bellatrix’s breath is warm on Hermione’s ear.

“Ronald Weasley.”

“Wha –” Hermione tries to struggle up, but Bellatrix slings an arm around her torso. She wraps herself around Hermione like a vine. It’s not entirely unpleasant.

“He was with Potter and the werewolf when you helped them escape at the wedding.” There’s a sour note in Bellatrix’s voice now. “Wasn’t he?”

“Yes, I suppose so” Hermione says, suddenly very sure where this is going. “But-but he’d been feeling off all week. His mum had him on some pretty complicated healing spells.”

She feels Bellatrix smile into her sleep warm skin. “You really are the worst liar muddy.”

Then Bellatrix licks Hermione’s neck, and it’s almost too much –little sparks start going off in front of her eyes— until, with a soft pop, she’s alone in bed again.

 

***

 

These new henchmen of Voldemorts - “Snatchers” Hermione mumbles from her room’s window seat, tasting the word and disliking it - begin to arrive the next morning.

They’re a motely bunch, all sorts of sullen men and boys with no women among them. They don’t apparate or floo directly into the Manor. Bellatrix makes them walk, all the way from the gate across the park. It’s basic psychology- and it’s almost below the older witch to use it - which is probably why it’s so effective. It makes Hermione wonder whether some are squibs – certainly they don’t rate high enough to be given a dark mark.

When she comes downstairs Narcissa is at her elbow instantly to steer her. She can hear the low murmur of many voices in the dining room. They end up in the library, where they find Draco already sitting at the study table, a plate of eggs and an untouched crystal glass of juice forgotten in front of him. He’s the colour of Harry’s foulest old socks. From the direction of the dining room there’s a thump then a scream. Hermione thinks she can make out Bellatrix’s high-pitched giggle.

“I want results Finchley, not excuses-” Her sharp voice floats through the wall.

Narcissa lets go of Hermione and goes to her son. She clasps his shoulders and murmurs a few words into his ear. Draco relaxes marginally. Narcissa straightens and claps her hands. Two more sets of breakfast appear in front of the chairs across from him. Hermione bites back a reflex comment about the underappreciated services of house elves.

Hermione’s eaten three rashers of bacon, half a fried egg, and heard two more distinct screams, when Narcissa speaks. “Miss Granger, Draco tells me you were at the top of your year at Hogwarts?”

“I was,” Hermione answers evenly, looking at Draco, wondering exactly how nastily he’d actually phrased it. Draco however is studiously cutting up his toast, and refuses to meet her eye.

“Would you like to join Draco in his N.E.W.T studies?” At his mother’s words Draco looks up.

“Mother-” he begins in a tone of outrage.

“I have accepted your refusal to return to Hogwarts,” Narcissa hisses, eyes narrowing dangerously “But I will not squander your future chances at a respectable career. N.E.W.T.S are still key to that- no matter what your father thought.”

She spits the words with such venom that Hermione has to fight to not recoil when Narcissa turns to her, perfectly neutral and self-possessed again “Miss Granger had the highest O.W.L marks of the last half century – any company she provides can only help you Draco.” She tilts her head in an almost uncanny replica of her sister “And besides she’s on our side now.”

Right then, Hermione knows that Narcissa doesn’t believe that for a moment.

“Miss Granger?”

“I- yes, I’d like that.”

So Hermione spends a satisfying morning besting the youngest Malfoy at everything from History of Magic to Charms. She has to borrow Narcissa’s wand, and the chair she transfigured into a doe isn’t her best, but it was still better than Draco’s monstrosity of a fur-covered wooden stick creature. Thankfully the snatcher gangs begin to leave towards midday. The house is once again cloaked in a respectable silence. Unlike Snape, Narcissa is a fair teacher, and Hermione is almost glowing with smugness by the time the small library bell rings for lunch.

Draco storms out of the library, kicking a spindly side table, and toppling the stack of books balancing on it, on the way out. Narcissa just sighs, even as she flicks her wrist and the books begin to right themselves again. “Miss Granger,” Hermione looks up “A word.”

Narcissa looks at her until Hermione becomes uncomfortable. “I’ve met children like you before.” She finally says “You prize your intellect above all other things,” That’s not true, Hermione thinks, I just prize it above you and your lot, never above Harry and Ron, not since first year. “You wield it like a sword.”

Hermione lets her mouth get the better of her on that point “And what? You don’t do the same with your looks?”

Narcissa’s eyes narrow. “Each of us have our strengths. Not to play to them would be foolish.” She tilts her blonde head again “But you aren’t playing to yours. You’re swinging them like a blunt club.”

“What does that even mean?”

“You know the two most prominent examples of your kind of strength that stand out in my mind are Severus Snape,” She smiles at Hermione’s scowl “And of course my dear sister Bellatrix.”

Hermione wonders what expression passes over her face. Whatever it is, it makes Narcissa tilt her head again, and sigh, as if they’ve agreed on a vital point.

“The difficulty with you over-precocious children is the universal problem of the clever – you are forever testing those around you for equal brainpower. When you find less, you are disappointed and superior. When you find a match, you become insecure and defensive.”

“I could never convey this to my sister- because I’m younger and in her heart of hearts, I’m silly baby Cissy.” She smiles, and Hermione can see the steel behind it “But I will warn you, if only to save my son from a cruel classmate: temper your cleverness for those who cannot match it. Do it as much for their sake as for your own. I now know the exact limits of your magical skills because you were intent on shaming Draco with them. I know your weaknesses from one morning. There are dark times ahead Miss Granger, especially for your kind, and you’d do well to heed my advice.”

There’s a horrible hollow feeling in Hermione’s stomach. Narcissa’s right. Not completely- but her words have the definite sting of truth. She is not at Hogwarts anymore, and she would do well to remember that. There was no fair play out here. Only the Death Eaters and the Order.

“Your son has lorded his pure blood over me since we met-” 

“And I’ve given him the same advice,” Narcissa’s eyes flash “Know your coins and spend them well. Neither my husband nor my son understood, and their mistakes only cost us our reputation and livelihood. Think of what it will cost you Miss Granger.”

“Why are you telling me this?”

“Because neither of us are stupid,” Narcissa sneers “There’s something you and Bellatrix are keeping from me – something that ties you together.” Hermione looks at her wide-eyed “And my sister is all that stands between my family and the Dark Lord’s full wrath. I’d rather see you succeed than jeopardize that.”

Hermione looks down. “I understand… and – and I won’t forget it.”

“See that you don’t.” She waves her away “We’ll begin with Arithmacy tomorrow. Bellatrix wishes for you to join her in the dungeons for the afternoon. There is some potion work she is starting you on I believe.”

 

***

 

The entry hall of the manor is deserted, and Hermione makes her way across the gloom to the corridor that leads down into the dungeons. She remembers dimly walking the other way, doped up on Imperious and still bleeding. She touches the M of her scar. She wonders if that girl would still recognize her.

There’s a soft sound and Hermione spins, clutching the doorway. Not everybody was gone after all. One of the snatchers, Hermione identifies him by his tattered coat and long hair, leans against the front door. He’s handsome she supposes. He certainly seems to think so, judging by the thin charcoal around his eyes. They stare at each other a moment. Then he winks at her and slips out into the light rain.

Interesting, Hermione thinks, already turning towards the dungeon.

 

***

 

Bellatrix is practically glowing.

Hermione pauses in the doorway to watch her unnoticed a moment longer. She used to watch her friends like this. Not that Harry and Ron were ever especially fascinating. But it was a comfort to watch Ron flick Harry with a bit of ink from his quill, or note how Harry still touched the bridge of his glasses while studying, as though to hold the two halves together, or catalogue one of the countless other ticks they performed as absentmindedly as breathing. Always the observer, her mothers voice dances through her mind, go to a party and you’ll find my daughter at its edge.

Colour sits high on Bellatrix’s cheeks, and her eyes have a happy, if somewhat demonic, sparkle in them. The Potter hunt is suiting her. Reviving her is more apt, Hermione thinks, or is it me and the Hocrux, drawing the insanity out of her like poison from a wound?  Voldemort is still abroad on his mysterious business, which leaves Bellatrix all but in charge. Hermione wonders if the other Death Eaters have noticed how cooly logical Bellatrix's methods have become. Or do they know about the hocrux? Will she come face to face with another human hocrux some day soon? Will it be a friend? There’s a headache building just above her eyebrow. Hermione has learnt from experience that lengthy thinking on the soul fragment will only encourage it. So she lets the thought go and steps into the dungeon.

Pentus and Gilly are already flitting around the potion dungeon, alternately setting out ingredients, stoking the fire under the main pot and three smaller brass cauldrons. Bellatrix stands in the midst of them zooming ingredients off shelves, and shooting a small shock hex whenever either of them moves too slowly.

“Marvellous day,” She says when she notices Hermione “Some of the boys got overexcited and eviscerated old Crispin Creery in Devonshire, but not before he told them some very interesting things about Kingsley Shacklebolt’s whereabouts. He was his uncle you know.”

Hermione didn’t know, but she gets a sick feeling nonetheless when she pictures the snatchers tearing apart an old man with Kingsley’s eyes.

“What are we doing today?” She asks, shying away from any thoughts of that.

“You are brewing. The snatchers need basic potions.” Bellatrix sneers “I would tell them to sort their own injuries – but three of them are already out of commission from drinking a bungled vigilance tonic. I’m leaving it to you muddy.”

“Me?” Hermione snorts “How do you know I won’t poison them all on purpose?”

“Pentus will supervise.” Bellatrix is already halfway out the door “And of course you’ll test each potion personally.”

Hermione feels foolish for having sort of hoped- hoped for some time to talk-

“Of course” Hermione answers to an empty room.

 

***

 

Draco won’t meet Hermione’s eye at breakfast in the dining room the next morning.

And she actually feels a little bit horrible. It’s strange seeing herself on this side of the bullying equation. It makes her nauseous to grit out “Good morning Draco,” but she does it. The prat doesn’t even stop eating. Narcissa at least smiles almost approvingly. “How did you sleep Miss Granger?”

“Fine, thank you,” Hermione answers, casting her hocrux senses out to the silent second floor “Is Bellatrix already gone?”

Narcissa, to her credit, only blinks once “There was business in London to attend to.” After a moment she adds “She sent word that she’ll be back in a fortnight. Don’t forget to drink your potion.”

Mature trace might be a wonderfully complicated potion, but Hermione does wonder if it would be so hard to add sugar to it. She drains her goblet under Narcissa’s sharp eye and grimaces

“What’s the plan for today?” she asks with all the interest she can muster. Even to her own ears, her voice sounds flat.

 

***

 

It’s probably good that Hermione’s been relieved of all her old research duties, because she’s not sure she could have found an enchanted toilet seat, let alone signed Bellatrix’s name convincingly.

Draco, Hermione and Narcissa spend their mornings in the extensive Malfoy library together. Hermione tutors Draco in N.E.W.T level Arithmacy and Transfiguration after it quickly becomes apparent to all of them that she has the most aptitude. Draco is in charge of the occasional expeditions around the estate for field Astronomy and Care of Magical Creatures. Narcissa leads the rest. Afternoons are devoted to antidotes in Pentus’ surly but thankfully silent company.

She sees Bellatrix at dinner, and makes a point to be as audacious and cutting to the older woman as she dares. But their game seems to have lost some of its flavour, and Bellatrix is increasingly distracted when she does show up. Lucius is always at her side, more often fetching things, rather than doing any brainwork. Hermione never sees her alone, and it is hard to pretend to be a Dark Lord supporter at the dinner table while asking after the welfare of the Weasley family.

It feels good to be learning again, but most days Hermione wakes up feeling tired, and falls into bed exhausted. Her anger runs frighteningly close to the surface these days. Once she snaps at the Malfoy’s remaining house-elf, Gilly, just because the elf frightens her coming out of a secret passageway. She cries herself to sleep over that.

“Are you alright?” Narcissa asks her over dinner one night. It’s just the three of them. Bellatrix didn’t even send a message this time.

“Fine,” Hermione lies brightly. “Just worrying about this Charms quiz.” Draco grunts in agreement. Narcissa frowns some more.

“Don’t worry so much Miss Granger,” She says, “You’re a clever girl.” She smiles at her son “You Mr Malfoy, on the other hand, are lazy and overconfident.” Draco gives one of his rare laughs, and Hermione smiles in spite of herself. Narcissa’s eyes remain on her though.

 

***

 

They celebrate the capture of Kingsley Shacklebolt with a dinner that consists of some sort of gamey tasting meat with a cranberry sauce, which as Narcissa explains quite proudly, has all come from the Malfoy park.

Bellatrix just grunts and continues tearing into her portion. Both her and Lucius look like they need about a week’s sleep. A good chunk of Lucius’ hair has been burnt off. Kingsley didn’t go down without a fight. Hermione eats in slower, measured bites. She listens to Narcissa and Draco argue over the finer properties of his failed Wolfsbane potion. She sips at her wine. She tries not to think.

When she finally does look up, she sees that Bellatrix is watching her. She searches inside herself for something shocking to say, and comes up dry. What’s the point anyway? She wonders dully. I’m as good as dead.

Studying for her N.E.W.T.S was something she’d been looking forward to since her O.W.L.S… but she’d wanted to take them to start a life in the magical community. She wanted to make a change. Now all she takes in, when she reads about the Great Goblin Revolts, or the fifty-nine uses of gillyleaf, is that none of it will ever apply to her life, because her life is as good as written.

So she looks back at Bellatrix, expressionless, and after a moment something seems to fall away from her. That burning purpose she’d always had to learn, to impress and to just be.

It feels like the worst defeat yet.


 

She keeps going with her studies. Some people, mostly Ron, would have chucked that bit first.

Hermione doesn’t stop herself these days when her mind wanders to her friends. She lets herself orbit Harry’s horribly untidy hair. She thinks of Ginny’s smile. Of the squeak in Ron’s voice when she shocked him. She notes the wrinkles on her parent’s faces when she took their memories away. She hovers with the disapproving note in Luna’s voice whenever they argued. She traces the curve of Neville’s ears.

“Look at the fat one” Draco murmurs, breaking her out of a joke Fred had told some happy Burrow evening. Hermione shoves him. Not lightly either.

“It’s not nice to call someone fat Draco” She hisses.

“But he is fat!” Draco whispers back angrily, brushing dirt off his robes.

They’re out in a small patch of woods, watching a group of common wood imps construct their winter habitats. Hermione finds, when he isn’t speaking, she can even find comfort in her former antagonist. Draco’s hair alone brings back memories of countless Quidditch matches, of standing in Hagrid’s huge shadow and cheering until her voice was hoarse.

Narcissa is out for the day at Knockturn Alley. Usually, she only asks Draco if he’d like to come along. He always refuses, and Hermione notices the shakes in his hands tend to get worse on those days. But this time she’d also asked Hermione. It was odd, given that they both knew there was no way she’d be allowed to go (among other things Bellatrix had given strict orders to her sister to ‘keep her out of sight’) but it was a nice gesture.

They watch the imps a little longer, until Draco stretches and declares he’s hungry. They set off back across the vast park that surrounds the Manor. Neither of them speaks. Draco has fallen back into one of his dark moods, leaving Hermione to wonder again what the hell happened to him last year.

They’re half way across the green when she spots it. At first she thinks it’s a silvery comet, hurtling at them from the overcast sky. She lifts her arm to point it out to Draco, but he’s already spotted it, and holds his wand at the ready. Hermione bunches up her fists, feeling useless.

A moment later he lowers it. It’s not a comet at all, but a silvery, translucent ibis. It hovers in front of them for a moment, then opens its curved beak and speaks in a man’s voice.

“Harry Potter captured at Lovegood House - requesting reinforcements immediately.” The patronus bird repeats its message once more then wavers and disappears.

They both stare stupidly at the spot where the ibis hovered a second ago. Draco recovers first.

“That idiot Travers- he must think that my aunt is here all day!” He looks at Hermione as if seeing her for the first time. “We have to go and help them,” A slightly unhinged gleam comes into his eyes “If I can catch Potter, my father and I will be pardoned.”

Hermione stares back at him. That’s right a smiling mean part of her mind says the little git doesn’t know what you really are. Narcissa might suspect, but Draco had taken her conversion at face value. He didn’t even question why she didn’t leave the house. The prat didn’t even ask why she’d been using Narcissa’s wand for spellwork.

“Alright,” She says, holding out her hand, praying that he doesn’t ask her why she needs to side-apparate “Let’s go.”

Draco smiles at her, and for half a second she’s actually a little bit sorry for the world of trouble she’s about to get him into. “Potter’s ass is toast.” He grins. And that’s the end of her sympathy.

There’s a jerk at her navel, and suddenly she’s standing in the oddest house she’s ever seen. The walls all seem to be tilting. From above she hears the crash of spells, and muffled shouting. Draco lets go of her hand and makes for the stairs. Hermione stands in the main room a bit longer. Her heart is beating very hard. Luna and her father didn’t live very far away from the Weasley’s and the Weasley’s party field and- her little beaded bag.

Above her she hears Ron yell “Expalliamus!” followed by a crash. Something deep inside her burns fiercely to run up the stairs, and join her friends. Her mind though is faster. The beaded bag was full of Hocrux books. Full of her salvation. Harry and Ron were nothing but selfish comforts right now.

Her decision is made for her when the giant horn in the corner of the room distends weirdly and then begins to ripple. Hermione only just leaps outside the door in time. There’s a ringing in her ears and she’s covered in soot. Harry and Ron will have to fend for themselves a little longer.

She gets up, stumbles a few times, then sets off at a quick jog for the hill covered with old apple trees, behind which the Burrow lies. She’s wheezing by the time she reaches the shredded main pavilion. The Burrow is nothing more than an ash covered wreck behind it. She scans the dancefloor. There are no dead bodies at least, although Hermione supposes they might have been removed by now. There’s lots of rotting food, smashed wedding giftboxes, and- there! Underneath one of the long banquet tables the spots the glimmer of beads. She rips a few tufts of grass out of the ground in her haste to grab it. But it isn’t her bag. The shape’s all wrong, and when Hermione pops the clasp there’s nothing but a few hard-boiled sweets and some tissues inside.

She’s scanning the east side when something sparks underfoot, and Hermione looks down to see- to see- her wand. Vine wood and dragon heartstring. Ten and three quarter inches. Good for transfiguration. Tears spring to her eyes. The two pieces are hanging feebly by a few centimetres of fleshy fibrous strands, and Hermione deposits it in her pocket.

There’s a thick pillar of smoke coming from the Lovegood’s direction now. Time’s running out before her trace brings Bellatrix. Hermione considers the ruined Burrow, and her options, one last time. She could make a run for it. The Order surely still stands, and she could get in contact with her friends. The hocrux though that nasty voice in her mind whispers, what’s a mudblood to do about that teensy bit of soul? There’s no way she’s endangering any of them like that. Bellatrix would rip them apart. If not personally, then through Hermione.

She reaches Draco just as he begins to regain consciousness. He’s lying in a bush of meaty purple leaves, covered in soot and plaster. His leg is bent at an unnatural angle, but he surprises her, clutching his wand in a bone-white hand and mumbling a numbing spell. The other Death Eaters, Travers and Selwyn, are still knocked out on the garden path. Neither Harry, Ron, Luna nor her father are anywhere in sight.

“Are you alright?” She asks stupidly. Draco gives her a look of deepest loathing, but nods. After a moment he asks “You?”

Hermione checks herself for the first time. There’ll be a pretty impressive bruise on her side, and there’s a big scrape on her chin, but otherwise she’s fine. She does wonder how much trouble they are in. No beaded bag, and she isn’t looking forward to-

“You what?” Bellatrix’s shriek is a hundred times worse than she thought it would be.

One of the Death Eaters has regained consciousness and is feebly attempting to explain what happened. Bellatrix silences him with a sweep of her wand.

“You had Potter here and you let him escape?” She slashes with her wand. Selwyn is lifted like a ragdoll and thrown into the small garden pond. She’s just about to take aim again, when she spots Hermione and Draco. She freezes. Hermione swallows thickly.

Then Bellatrix is in front of her, apparating directly nose to nose. Her clawed hands grip Hermione’s face. “What-” she hisses her eyes impossibly dark.

“It was my idea Aunt,” A tremulous voice from somewhere below Hermione speaks. Bellatrix looks away from Hermione to stare at Draco. Hermione joins her, totally in shock. “Travers sent a patronus to our house- and I thought me and Granger could help.”

Hermione looks at Draco, who’s gotten even paler and is clutching his thigh miserably. Bellatrix snarls. “Travers!” The other death eater rights himself and stumbles forward. “Take Draco back to my sister’s house.” She fixes him with a dark look “Do be sure to explain the entire scope of your mistake to her.” The man grimaces but does as he’s told. Hermione hears another faint pop and knows that Selwyn is gone too.

Then it’s just Hermione, Bellatrix, and the wind.

Bellatrix fixes her eyes on Hermione’s again. “You didn’t run.” She says.

“No.”

Bellatrix frowns. “Why not?”

“I don’t know.” Hermione whispers. All her clever reasons seem negligible now. Surely there would have been somewhere she could have found other books in peace without endangering her friends. She could have gone into hiding in the muggle world. The trace must wear off at some point. Why had that not occurred to her?

“What’s happened to you?” Bellatrix asks, and there’s a note in her voice Hermione’s never heard before. It’s not anger precisely. Nor is it patronising. She continues before Hermione can answer. “You’ve been quiet these last few weeks, and Cissy says – ” She stops abruptly and angles Hermione’s face up. “Has somebody hurt you?”

Hermione hiccup giggles then, because it is just so absurd, Bellatrix Lestrange, who threatened to kill her last time they talked and tortured her personally on several occasions, asking if anybody has hurt her. Hermione shakes her head, face still squashed between Bellatrix’s hands. Then she bursts into tears.

Neither of them seems to know what to do with that. Hermione doubts Bellatrix has much patience for weepiness. She surprises herself again when she pushes forward into the circle of Bellatrix’s arms and curls her arms tighter around the other woman’s neck. I could choke her Hermione thinks between sobs, I could choke her and be free. But her arms fail to tighten.

“Why don’t I hate you?”

It’s maddening and wonderful the way their Hocrux bond makes every inch of Bellatrix Hermione can reach feel like home. In her arms Bellatrix is a wonderful mix of sharp and soft and, actually slightly shorter than Hermione. The pattern of her skin through the lace of her décolletage hums right to Hermione’s heart. She feels a touch on her shoulder blades for a second, then a brief shift of gravity.

The smell of clear air and earth calms her enough to let go, and sit on the boulder Bellatrix has led her to. After another moment Bellatrix crouches in front of her. She stays quiet until the last of Hermione’s sobs.

“It’s hard to hate the things you’re supposed to sometimes”

Hermione looks up through watery eyes. “And what would you know about that?” she spits.

Bellatrix doesn’t rise to it. She looks around the meadow instead. “When I was a little girl, I preferred these wild flowers over any bouquets our house elves arranged.” She gestures weakly “My father made it clear that the proper way was to scorn the weeds. It wasn’t one of his longer lectures- but it still rings in my mind to this day.”

“I see how that simplistic anecdote applies,” Hermione begins, adrenaline and tears eradicating any sense of caution “but I think my situation is a little more complex.”

Bellatrix snorts. And drops her arms.

“You caught me muddy- I always preferred roses.” She plunks down next to Hermione “I just thought the idea would cheer you up.”

Hermione plucks a faded flower near her knee. “And what? The humble cornflower represents me and the rest of my mudblood ilk?”

“They are very pretty – especially in the spring.” Bellatrix says apologetically. Hermione chances a glance at her. Her face is dark and terribly striking in twilight. Hermione studies the aquiline curve of her nose, and for the first time envies Rodolphus for having had the chance to be properly matched with this woman.

“And for what it’s worth I am sorry you are one.”

“What?” Hermione asks, too confused by the realisation that she’s jealous of Bellatrix’s Death Eater husband.

“A mudblood. You’re a gift to Potter, and worth at least seven of my idiot nephew.” Bellatrix levitates a blossom, and they both watch it bloom under Bellatrix’s magic. She tucks it behind Hermione’s ear. “You must know that.” Hermione can only stare at her growing dismay.

“But this- this is exactly why I can’t believe myself.” She almost stumbles in her haste to stand “You have the nerve to sit here and tell me I’m special despite my bad blood!”

Bellatrix frowns “If you’re quite done -”

“What would have happened if I wasn’t your hocrux, and we’d met at some point and-”

“I’d have killed you” Bellatrix answers without pause “What?”

Hermione wonders how her face must look. Bellatrix will surely tell her any minute now. But the older witch holds her gaze and her silence.

“I thought I was so wonderfully brave and clever?”

She feels for the flower near her ear. It’s gone. It must have fallen when she moved.

“There is a natural order to this world,” Bellatrix sighs, as if explaining to a spoiled child “If magic continues to be diluted, one day it’ll fail. Did you never hear of the fall of Rome pet?”

Oh this is the rabbit hole. This is hell. “Really? You’re going to use the same line as the conservative party?”

“What?”

“It’s a muggle political faction- imagine the dumbest of the dumb muggles” Hermione cups her hands and yells into the surrounding forest “Oh don’t forget the fall of Rome! They were much too multi-cultural – never mind that their society was already flawed and crumbling from within! Never mind that allowing foreigners actually helped Rome survive!” She looks up at a stunned Bellatrix “The fall of Rome!” She even pumps her hand sarcastically.

Bellatrix’s eyes are very wide. It occurs to Hermione that she has just made fun of Voldemort’s best lieutenant and the philosophy that had obviously steered her life to this point. Again. And that she’s still breathing. For now.

She feels good otherwise though. Like her plan didn’t go horribly awry. Like they’re having another barbed conversation at dinner, except way deeper. She hopes Bellatrix will at least answer before she maims her or whatever. Hermione wonders who fed her that crap.

“Muggles know about ancient Rome?” Bellatrix looks faint.

Hermione starts to laugh, then realises Bellatrix isn’t joking. “Uh yeah they know about it…seeing as Romans were, you know, muggles?”

“They were wizards.” Bellatrix says, very finitely, but something in her look is uneasy.

Hermione sinks down “Yeah some of them probably were- but the vast majority were muggles Bellatrix. Wizards have never had a population that big.” That is one of the very first facts taught in the first History of Magic lesson, so if Bellatri-

“You’re lying.” Bellatrix is still strangely wide eyed, like this is all some big surprise, which couldn’t be because she’s old for merlin’s sake! Unless-

“Did you ever take muggle studies when you were at Hogwarts?” Hermione asks gingerly, fully prepared to dive out of the way of any unforgivables.

“They didn’t teach it,” Bellatrix says archly “Modern nonsense.”

“Well muggles did lots of stuff” Bellatrix’s eyes flash “Things” Hermione amends. “They may not have the instantaneousness of magic but- for example who do you think invented trains?”

Bellatrix looks positively outraged now. Hermione forestalls her by adding, “I mean obviously wizards added improvements- or who thought of, I dunno, that corset you’re wearing?”

Bellatrix waves her words away “Yes, yes muggles are alright at non-intellectual tasks. Their world is overstuffed with things.” She eyes Hermione gloomily “London is a positive nightmare these days.”

“Exactly!” Hermione says jumping on the point “Can’t you imagine what mental gymnastics go into muggle infrastructure? Or architecture? You can’t just wave a wand and have it come out perfectly! They have to think and plan.”

But Bellatrix seems to have reached the end of her tether. “Isn’t it enough that I don’t detest you?”

“No” Hermione swallows thickly “It isn’t. You’re cleverer than that.”

But that apparently was too much, because the next thing she knows she’s standing back in her bedroom, catching only a flash of Bellatrix disappearing.

 

***

 

A loose floorboard is a good hiding spot for her broken wand. At midnight, she takes out a blank schoolbook, under her covers, using her broken wand for a flimsy Lumos.

Harry used to study this way she thinks. Skinny thirteen-year-old Harry powered by three stale birthday cakes and her Mum’s favourite healthy snacks, who had survived worse than this. She begins to write everything she can remember from Dumbledore’s books.

Affairs at Malfoy Manor are a little strained after the Lovegood incident. Narcissa is still fuming, both at Draco and Hermione for taking it upon themselves to play the heroes. She forbids all further unsupervised excursions to the grounds, and confiscates Draco’s wand outside of their studies.

Narcissa heals her bruises personally, lips thinning with every wince Hermione let escape. A hairbrush zooms across the room, into her hands, and Hermione nearly falls off her chair when the older witch moves behind her, and begins to untangle Hermione’s soot-ridden braid. She’s gentle, just like her Dad was with his clumsy pigtails, all those years ago. Hermione relaxes.

“You have been reticent with your studies.” Hermione has been expecting this, and is relieved. This she knows.

“I’m sorry,” She says, bolstered by all the hocrux facts her mind had retained without knowing it, and truly meaning her words “I’ve been distracted.”

“My sister is opposed to you continuing with your NEWTS.”

That feels like a slap. “Oh.” is all Hermione can say.

“Why are you really here Miss Granger?”

It had never occurred to Hermione that Narcissa even truly liked Bellatrix. But there is hurt in her voice. Pain of being kept in the dark about a loved one. “She keeps you so close,” Narcissa continues, her brush strokes still gentle and even “Why is that?”

Hermione wonders what would happen if she told Bellatrix’s younger sister the truth. ‘Well, you see she’s cut off a bit of her soul, and stuck it in me-’ but immediately discards the notion.

The park is mist-shrouded and colourless outside her window. Hermione tries to imagine Narcissa waking up in her unknown rooms each morning, knowing that she is all that stands against the failure of the vast grounds. Knowing that her husband is lost, and her son is following closely behind. Knowing that, in the end, she is ornamental. She has less power in this whole war than even Hermione.

“She comes to you at night.” This isn’t even phrased as a question. So Hermione just lets Narcissa believe what she wants. She wonders idly how many centuries of women have had this conversation in this house. Obviously not about female Death Eaters, but about actual lovers- who copied poems for them, and brought them flowers and-

“From what Draco told me, I’d never have picked you to betray your cause out of naïve infatuation.” Narcissa deftly divides Hermione’s hair into sections with her wand, and they begin to braid of their own accord. Hermione makes a non-committal noise. They’re silent for a while.

“And you haven’t- that much is clear.”

Hermione turns to look up at her, mindful of her still-rotating hair. Narcissa’s eyes are bright. “But Bella is more herself than she’s been in years, and though you both think me a fool, I would be one to question that.”

“You will continue with your NEWTS. You’re too bright to be wasted. And Merlin knows Draco needs someone his own age around.”

 

***

 

Hermione’s life at Malfoy Manor takes on something that resembles order after that.

Mornings are devoted to N.E.W.T studies in the library. There is something gratifying in drawing Draco out of his self-imposed austerity, even if only to argue an academic point. The Lovegood fiasco seems to have knitted them closer together, and for the first time Hermione simply appreciates that in some fields, Draco is not a complete brat.

Afternoons she spends in the dungeons, in Pentus’ surly company, brewing various tinctures and antidotes for the snatchers. It’s challenging work. Simple healing potions and pain mufflers have been at her disposal since second year, but she spends an gruelling week leaning over the manor library’s pristine copy of Potion Making for Pleasure and Profit to create a temporary invisibility draught.

She wonders where Bellatrix is keeping her mature trace, and if she’s found any other victims to use it on yet. For someone who can brew a potion of such calibre, Bellatrix is surprisingly block-headed in even O.W.L level potion making. Hermione points out as much to her, one afternoon when the older witch is hanging around her cauldron again, and is on the brink of turning a perfectly good sleeping potion comatose, with double the amount of nightshade. Which would all be fine if Hermione wasn’t the one personally testing it.

“How can somebody who knows how to brew a trace potion – even think-” she begins exasperatedly, before moderating with “I mean obviously, it’s a natural mistake-”

“My father administered the trace potion to us until we married,” Bellatrix answers absentmindedly “It was in my own interest to know it.”

Hermione doesn’t have the slightest clue what to say to that, because honestly what the hell was wrong with these pureblood idiots- “Stop looking at me like that,” Bellatrix snaps “It was a common practice.”

“That doesn’t make it right.” Hermione bites back before she can help herself. Something near her heart gives an uneasy pulse, and she looks up to see Bellatrix staring at her with something like bewilderment.

The next week, Draco tugs at her sleeve as she’s writing, completely ruining the last lines of her rune translation, which she’s just about to tell him, following his pointing finger out the window. It’s snowing outside.

Narcissa gracefully postpones their Transfiguration revisions, and before Hermione knows it Draco is throwing her cloak and scarf at her, and they’re walking through the rapidly growing layer of snow on the lawn. She only catches a flash of malice in Draco’s face before she feels a clump of snow slide down her back. Not having a wand she’s forced to retaliate manually, and Narcissa fusses over Draco’s soaked clothes until they are forced to return.

It’s still snowing later that night when she sits at her writing desk, her lined book nearly half full of hocrux notes in her old Hogwarts shorthand, and still no closer to an answer. More horrifying is the thought that it’s nearly December for Merlin’s sake. She’s never been away from Harry and Ron for longer than two months since first year.

No Daily Prophet owls ever arrive at Malfoy Manor, and Hermione is forced to rely on the scraps of information Bellatrix drops at times. The boys haven’t been caught. That much is certain. But are they succeeding in their mission to find Hocruxes? No paper would tell her about that.

She sets her quill back to paper and continues to write.


 

Christmas advances on the Manor with little of its usual cheer.

Upon Narcissa’s request, the house elves have put up a single elegantly festooned tree in the entrance hall. Hermione gets the distinct feeling that they usually decorate more. She supposes the constant coming and going of snatcher crews kind of dampens the mood.

All the occupants of the manor fall deeper into moodiness as the holidays approach. Bellatrix has taken to stringing leaders of various snatcher troops up from invisible bonds from the ceiling, whenever they bring news that displease her, which seems to be more often than not these days.

“They’ve scattered underground like rats,” Is all Bellatrix will say when Hermione cautiously brings up the subject. They’re brewing again. Well Hermione is brewing; Bellatrix is practicing her locating spells. Hermione has a feeling Bellatrix is humouring her after her breakdown, or whatever that thing that they don’t talk about was. Which nearly makes her feel pathetic enough to tell the other witch to go away. Nearly.

“And Kingsley’s proving to be a tough nut to crack.” Bellatrix spins her wand above a cauldron full of clear water. A few murky human shapes resolve then disappear. “That old bag Dumbledore taught him some tricks.” And though Hermione doesn’t visibly sag in relief, or clap her hands or anything, Bellatrix still narrows her eyes and makes her brew half a dozen extra bottles of strengthening syrup which requires nothing less than two of her own whole fingernails per dose. Narcissa always grows them back for her, but still.

The snatcher leaders don’t have a much better time of it. Hermione flinches the first time she crosses the entry hall, only to have a goop of spit hit her hair. When she looks up she sees Marcus Flint of all people. He makes a rude gesture with his trapped hand, and takes aim again. She hurries towards the dungeons.

On December 21st Narcissa announces that they’ll take a break from N.E.W.T.S until the New Year. Draco shoves his books away from him at once, but Hermione is slower to celebrate. Her suspicions are confirmed the next day, when she finds she is on top of all of her potions for the snatchers. She doesn’t dare risk brainstorming Hocruxes in broad daylight, and there’s something depressing about studying in the Malfoy library alone.

Draco and Narcissa depart early the next morning for a stay at the Zaibini Estate. They walk across the park to apparate at the gates, as much for the exercise as for Narcissa to calm Draco down. Hermione watches them from her bedroom window. In the gloom, they’re nothing but two nearly identical blonde haired specks in dark cloaks. With a pang, she realises she’ll miss them.

After breakfast the weather clears, and she decides a walk around the snow-covered grounds is in order. She takes her wand fragments along, with the vague plan of perhaps trying some small apparation near the warded gates. The two fragments taunt her. She can perform a decent Lumos and even a shaky Alohomora, but apparating is serious magic. Circumventing wards is even more so. There are worse things that can happen to a person than splicing. Hermione stands there, watching the snowdrifts on the other side, thinking of the trace, the horcrux, and all the ways she’s failed her friends. She turns away. There’ll be other times.


Her first instinct is to hide. Flashes of her last encounter with Rodolphus assault her, and she wishes desperately that she hadn’t hidden her wand under the floorboards upstairs again. A crash, and she’s crouched low and moving along the back shelves of the library to where she knows a secret passageway that Gilly sometimes uses is-

The person out in the hall moans. It’s weak, and there’s a gurgling in it that suggests fluid blocking a vital airway. Hermione stops. Over her hammering heart she reasons with herself. Just check- otherwise she’d never-

At first, when she edges around the library door, she thinks someone has dropped a pile of tattered rags on Narcissa’s immaculate carpet. It’s only when the pile moves and moans weakly, does Hermione understand what she’s seeing.

She sprints to the dungeons, and returns, arms full of nearly every stopper and decanter she could reach. She drops them to the side and turns the snatcher over. It’s the handsome one, just as she thought. He’s not so pretty right now though. His throat is shredded for want of a better word. It’s a marvel he’s still alive actually. Hermione cleans the wound, which looks like claws, with essence of kingsweed and hunts around for the skin knitting infusion she’d brewed last week- there--

With skin covering his larynx again, Eyeliner already looks vastly better. There’s still all that blood though, Hermione knows that she’s covered with it, and who knows how much he bled before he made it here. Thankfully, she’d ignored Bellatrix’s conservative order for blood replenishers and brewed up half a dozen bottles extra. She feeds them to Eyeliner one after the other, watching his colouring return to normal.

Then she sits back, and finally allows herself to exhale a shaky breath.

Eyeliner is coming back around. His eyes move behind his lids, and Hermione briefly wonders whether it would be worth it to slip him a sleeping draught, when licks his lips and mumbles-

“Thanks.”

“What was that?” she manages, gesturing weakly to his healed throat. He’s opened his eyes now, and they’re black, much like Bellatrix’s, only flatter somehow.

“Lupin” He rasps “Bloody werewolves.”

Hermione crouches back onto her heels, all senses on alert. “Did he bite you?”

“No,” Eyeliner closes his eyes again “Scratched me up is all.”

Hermione exhales at that understatement. Of course Lupin wouldn’t sink so low as to infect anyone. She probably just ruined one of his attacks against Voldemort’s forces, but Lupin is alive-

“Scabior.”

“Sorry?” Hermione manages, coming down from her joy and looking at Eyeliner again.

“That’s my name,” He repeats “Scabior. What’s yours?”

“Susan,” Hermione lies “Susan Bones.”

“Susan Bones,” Scabior repeats, and Hermione feels uncomfortable on the real Susan’s behalf for how he seems to be savouring it.

He sits up, and Hermione jumps back. She hadn’t known he was feeling so well again. He must have remarkable potion receptors. Seeing her nervousness, Scabior holds up his hands beseechingly.

“I won’t hurt you,” He seems wounded that she’d even think that of him “I’m in your debt Susan.”

When she doesn’t immediately answer Scabior shuffles a little closer. He’s smearing his own blood deeper into the carpet. But he’s earnest, and he winces a little at the movement. That more than anything else relaxes Hermione. So he’s not superhuman after all. His bandaged hand comes to her cheek.

“I ‘ave the great pleasure of owing you my life” Scabiors face is close to Hermione’s. His breath smells like the woodruff in the blood replenishers. “Anything you need-”

And then, very lightly, lips still moving with promises, he’s kissing her. It’s surprisingly chaste. A cynical part of Hermione thinks that he’s done this before, maybe not the nearly dying part, but the structure that lead up to this not entirely unpleasant kiss, there’s something so practiced in the way his lips capture hers and-

BANG!

Scabior hits the far wall with a thud, and scrambles up, just in time for another flash of red to hit him square in the chest. He howls with pain, and scrambles towards the door only to be hit with another curse, this one forcing him to the ground where he lays screaming and twitching.

Bellatrix advances on him wand held aloft, looking as furious as Hermione has ever seen her. She can count the veins on the other witches’ hand where she’s gripping her wand too tightly.

“You dare!” She hisses and Scabior contorts “You dare to put your mongrel hands on my --” Something horrible happens to Scabiors face and to her horror Hermione can see his potion-knit throat begin to ripple-

“Bellatrix!” She’s thrown herself around the back of the other witch without thinking. Now she feels nothing but Bellatrix’s corseted back against her front, heaving with her uneven breathing. Nothing is being played dearest, the witches words dance back to her even as she wraps her hands around Bellatrix’s waist and whispers “Stop it. Please.”

Bellatrix tenses inside her hold, and Hermione is reminded of a party, a wedding, many months ago where she did an equally stupid thing as the one she’s going to do now-

“I’m yours,” She whispers into Bellatrix’s ear “Yours. Nobody else’s.”

Scabior’s screams stop. Bellatrix flicks her wand, and he’s up, scrambling away without a glance back at either of them. So much for being in my debt. The front door slams a second later.

Bellatrix, if possible, goes even tenser inside her hold. And Hermione has no idea what to do. It’s very well to say I’m yours and wait for the inevitable to happen, but it’s quite another thing to hold a dangerous Death Eater on the knife-edge between violence and … whatever this is. After another half second when Bellatrix still hasn’t moved, Hermione takes her life into her own hands, leans forward and presses her cheek to Bellatrix’s cheek.

It’s even more innocent than the kiss Scabior gave her. She can barely reach the sharp curve of Bellatrix’s jaw. Then Bellatrix turns. She looks as if she’s about to speak but Hermione’s kiss, briefly straining in empty space, lands on the corner of her mouth instead effectively silencing both of them. Something clicks low in Hermione’s brain and she hurriedly draws back before she’ll – but oh, when she gently kisses to Bellatrix’s lower lip again, and hears the other woman’s soft sigh, it’s there. It’s all there.

 

When she dips her head to kiss Bellatrix’s neck she feels a brief shift in gravity, and they are in a bedroom she’s never laid eyes on. She doesn’t get more of a chance to look around, because Bellatrix is pulling her down onto a dark bed, on top of her. And then doesn’t do anything else.

So Hermione continues as best as she can. It helps that pleasant tingles race right to her heart every time skin touches Bellatrix’s. So she begins to undress, not Bellatrix-- because there is something distinctly hands-off both in other witches’ face and in her whole complicated outfit-- but herself.

Pretty soon she’s down to her underwear, kissing Bellatrix’s hands now, one soft touch for each knuckle. She reaches behind herself for the clasp of her bra and stops. Bellatrix shifts impatiently under her. Hermione feels her face heat up. What on earth is she doing -

“Well?” Bellatrix’s tone is arch, just the same as if she’s waiting for Hermione to hand over a copy of some letter she’d dictated. The straps slip down around Hermione’s shoulders, and she leans down again, cheeks still burning. She doesn’t pause at her underwear. And just like that she’s naked, and straddling a fully clothed Bellatrix Lestrange.

They both look at each other a moment, then Bellatrix reaches up and folds both her hands along Hermione’s hips.

“So soft.” Bellatrix murmurs almost too hushed to hear. Something throbs hard and low in Hermione’s belly. Bellatrix’s eyes are wide, both at Hermione’s moan and at her involuntary roll of hips against Bellatrix’s clothed midsection. She glances between her hands and Hermione’s face, looking almost afraid.

It makes Hermione feel powerful for the first time in months. She even allows herself a slow smile, and licks her lips.

Just like that she’s tipped the scales, and Bellatrix surges up. They’re both sitting up now, Hermione wraps her legs around Bellatrix, and they’re kissing. A flash of pain in her bottom lip and Hermione’s sure that evil bitch has bitten her, if only it didn’t go somewhere deep in her belly-

Bellatrix pushes her down, and palms her breasts, and follows with her mouth. Hermione realises she’s been wasting her hands, just loosely holding Bellatrix to her, and clasps the other woman’s face, bringing her up for another wet kiss. Okay, Hermione thinks tasting the thin metallic flavour around Bellatrix’s tongue, yep, definitely blood. She arches up anyway, trying to touch her whole front to Bellatrix’s silk dress. The silk dress that is probably ruined by now. Good. She opens her legs more.

Bellatrix is moving against her, pressing her down into the mattress. She breaks their kiss with an audible pop, and leans down to brush her lips along Hermione’s ear. “What game are you playing pet?” she whispers, but Hermione’s too busy kissing along the glorious expanse of neck that has been revealed to her to reply. “Was he your little escape plan…” Little lights start going off behind Hermione’s closed eyes. She moans. Bellatrix manoeuvres her leg in between them. Hermione grinds into it.

“Where you going to fuck him as payment? Did I ruin your little stratagem?” Something throbs hard and fast in Hermione. She pulls Bellatrix’s head down for another kiss as it washes over her. “No,” she breathes “I’m yours.” At her words Bellatrix clutches her convulsively and a moment later Hermione feels her relax before collapsing on top of her. And you are mine, Hermione thinks and doesn’t quite know how to feel about it.

They’re both quiet after that. Hermione finds the scratchy silky weight of Bellatrix comforting, and she has a few pleasant little aftershocks to sort through. Bellatrix for her part just seems exhausted. Hermione closes her eyes, and breathes in her perfume.

Surely her brain save all the ways she’s just royally screwed up for later.

***

 

Later turns out to be early evening. Somehow when Hermione wakes up alone in the dark, curled up in what she can only assume is Bellatrix’s bed, naked and kind of sticky, she manages to shut down her brain. Instead she carefully folds the blanket Gilly probably threw over her, gets dressed and even manages to do a bit of snooping.

It’s obviously only a guestroom. While the wardrobe does hold an impressive collection of dresses and corsets (and if Hermione runs her fingers over them a little that’s her business), nothing of great import seems to be stored here. She sits in front of the fire in her own room, and thinks of Ron, and Harry, and Lupin and all the people she betrayed this afternoon.

Neither Bellatrix nor Lucius are at dinner, so Hermione retrieves Tiberius Mandalay’s book from the library, and tucks her knees up to her chest, eating her corned beef sandwich slowly while she reads. Pureblood reasoning is fascinating for its intertwined mess of logical thought and childish fantasy. She’s finished the whole book by midnight.

***

 

Narcissa and Draco return in the late afternoon on Christmas Day.

In the two days between, Hermione has already restocked double the amount of blood replenishers Scabior gobbled down, read three more books on Pure Blood history, devised a better homework calendar for herself and Draco to follow, and seen Bellatrix all of never.

But no matter how hard she works, both nights, she ends up lying awake; feeling the guilt in her stomach solidify into what must be ulcers by now. There was no way around it. The first bit, she could have fobbed off. A gambit gone wrong, a Death Eater in her bed, all neatly wrapped in the supreme logic that it was better to just go along, and live to fight another day.

But she’d initiated the kiss – and it had been… Hermione doesn’t know what it was. Yesterday, she’d made the mistake of relaxing while detangling her hair at her vanity. She’d looked up to catch a glimpse of someone she didn’t know, with the flinty look of a snatcher. The ensuite thankfully was only a few meters away and she’d thrown up all her supper. That wasn’t her. She was honest. She wouldn’t be this war’s Peter Pettigrew. That’s not how it went.

There’s a light pop, and Gilly stands in her room. “Begging your pardon Miss,” The elf has a higher voice than Dobby’s. She wonders if Gilly misses him. A lifetime ago, she would have asked. “Madame Malfoy and young Master Malfoy wish to see you in the library.”

“Thank you Gilly, I’ll be there shortly.” Another pop.

She pictures Ron again, as she changes out of her stained potions skirt into one of turtle dove silk. His hair was usually the first thing anyone would look at, bright and red and normally uncombed. But Hermione had always been fond of his eyes. They were kind, and… and black? The lanky Ronald Weasley in her mind wavers, to be replaced by Bellatrix, leaning against her study window at Black Manor, the barest hint of a smile playing around her mouth. Something in Hermione’s chest flutters almost painfully. She shakes her head and opens the door.

“We thought you might have them,” Narcissa says briskly. They’re in the library. She’s holding out a set of marbled schoolbooks, clearly expensive, tied together with a thin chord. “It’s getting confusing, you still using the backs of Draco’s old exercise books, and with the amount of study you both have coming up…”

“Thank you.” Hermione breaks in, taking the books from Narcissa’s hands and examining them. The eggshell blue one should do nicely for Hocrux research. “Really.”

Sure, they might not be the best gift she’s ever gotten, but neither are they the worst – the horrible perfume Ron had concocted won that contest a long time ago – but the fact that Narcissa Malfoy is giving her a Christmas present was something last year’s Hermione would have never believed.

Draco is ignoring both of them. He’s fiddling with a hunting mount Blaise had given him for his wand. It looked like a simple muggle sniper gauge to Hermione, but she knows saying that would put him in an even fouler mood than he was already. Apparently Pansy had also been at Blaise’s house for the Christmas Eve party, and ignored him all night.

After Narcissa leaves them for their hour of quiet revising, Hermione glances over to Draco, despite her better judgement. “Alright?” She says, imitating Harry for want of a better way to talk to the sulking boy. He gives her a withering look. “Just piss off Granger.”

She rolls her eyes. “You don’t even like her really. She’s a troll.”

“Very astute. Now leave me alone.”

But something about Draco, intently studying the cross hairs of his new toy and so very obviously close to tears, gnaws at her. She sits next to him.

“What part of piss off is too complex for your little mudblood brain to handle?”

She lets that one slide. There’s something she’s wanted to find out for ages. Harry had seen it, all through sixth year, but Ron and her had refused. She peers at his face. Handsome, and more pallid than even the winter should get credit for.

“What happened last year Draco? After Dumbledore died?”

He looks at her quickly, then back to Blaise’s gift. His “None of your business,” is sharp and tells Hermione a lot more than he knows.

“They don’t like to talk about it huh? Bellatrix, your mother-”

“I know you scarpered at Lovegood’s.” Off Hermione’s widening eyes, he scoffs, a flush of unnatural rosiness rising on his cheeks “Yeah, I noticed. You were gone almost half an hour.”

It’s a shock. But Hermione gets the distinct feeling that he was saving this gambit for something much better. What happened last year?

“Draco-”

“She’ll get tired of you Granger,” Draco’s voice wavers, but when he meets her eye it’s as close to calm as she’s seen him all year. “Toddle off back to Potter next time alright? There are worse things than dying. Especially when my aunt is involved.”

There doesn’t seem to be very much to say to that which wouldn’t be a lie.

***

“Skirmishes in the West Country – mind that you eat all your eggs.” - is all Narcissa will say when Draco asks her where his father and aunt are over breakfast.

So they don’t see Bellatrix or Lucius for the rest of the month. Hermione does see Scabior though. She spots him from her customary window seat. A few snatcher gangs have assembled on the front drive to deposit caught mudbloods, squibs and blood traitors alike. Rookwood directs them from there. Hermione thinks she spots Dean Thomas’ afro. Scabior is the only one to look up and spot her. He winks.

After New Year, the snow around the manor melts into a grey sludge. It sleets and rains in equal measure. Their studies become harder too. Hermione finds that she’s struggling nearly as often as Draco now. Narcissa works them mercilessly, but where Draco gets to spend another lazy afternoon at his leisure, Hermione finds herself inundated more than ever with potion requests.

She brews Dorian’s Breath, Liquid Warmth, emerald tincture of Thousandfold Voice, and a slew of other specialty potions that would get her an Outstanding N.E.W.T in one session. She just wishes she had more time to savour each success. Or that they were going to people she actually wanted to win.

Soaking in the third floors’ narrow bathroom that night, Hermione tries to brainstorm a new plan. The tub is claw-footed and has a silly eighteenth century charm that makes water lilies bloom at slow intervals across her bathwater. She’s put up her hair, and usually the sharp tug of bobby pins is enough to wake her. But she feels the same. Scattered.

Half-plans and vague Eureka moments float around her mind, refusing to solidify into anything clever. All that comes to her with any certainty is that she wants to feel the press of Bellatrix’s hands again. Hermione wants to surprise her, wants to see her eyes widen, and that raised eyebrow – Hermione ducks under the water. When she remerges the lip of the tub is cold against her neck.

Hermione chews on her lip, thinking of Bellatrix’s anger at finding Scabior touching her. Of her thin lips, and dark eyes. The way it felt to lay under her afterwards. Of the strange advantage the Horcrux fragment gives her.

She takes one further moment to be utterly disgusted with herself, and then begins a new plan.

 


Since her arrival at Malfoy Manor, Hermione hasn’t given her wardrobe in her room more than a perfunctory glance. She’d sorted out all the non-offensive articles of clothing (evergreen sheath, knee length skirts, a few soft peasant blouses, a cloak for walking, and soft low slippers she wears everywhere except for the dungeon) into the ancient wooden chest at the foot of her bed.

She usually covers everything with her work smocks anyway. They’re the only pieces of clothing she asked for – potions tended to singe holes into expensive fabrics – and they’re the only ones she feels truly comfortable in.

Narcissa had ordered three for her without question. They all appeared one day in November on her bed. They were wool, and had been dyed dark earth colors. It had taken Hermione a week to notice the twinkling silver protection spells stitched unobtrusively into the inside of the hem. Spells against poison. Spells against burns. There was even a tiny lilac-threaded spell against depression. They were signified for her especially. It had given her an odd constricting feeling to think of Narcissa requesting them.

But now – Hermione taps out a nervous rhythm against the dark wardrobe door – for this plan to work she’s going to have to be brave. No worse than that – she’s going to have to be desirable. She empties the wardrobe and divides its spoils into piles on her bed. Then on the chairs. Then on the floor. Narcissa does not mess around Hermione thinks, chewing on her lip, and resisting the urge to just go to bed as she fishes the last pair of silk stockings from the bottom drawer.

There’s enough diaphanous material to dress a dozen teenage witches for a dozen years. She slumps down in the midst of this ocean of fabric, and fingers a puce corset. Right. Might as well start with the worst of it.

Three hours later she’s angling herself to her vanity mirror and resisting the urge to punch her reflection. Dress number twenty-five, which should sit skintight, is loose around her middle and tight under her armpits. Her hair is colorless and frizzy against its obsidian weave. Her legs are nearly glowing in the dark. She feels like an idiot. None of these clothes do anything for her. They just poke and pinch and make her look severe and dour all at once.

Maybe with a bit of lipstick – Hermione pinches her cheeks and pouts her lips experimentally. Great. Now the washed-out girl in the mirror looks mentally deficient as well. Bellatrix will totally go for that.

She flops back on the bed, and stares up at the dark canopy. The house is silent now. Even the rain has stopped. It must be nearing midnight. Maybe this plan was too direct anyway. Well, more direct and reckless than she’d initially assumed. But it’s still the only thing she can think of. Play to your strengths poppet, her Dad used to say. And Bellatrix is her only strength here. Not her brains. Not even her friends.

She closes her eyes.

And there they are. Harry and Ron. They’re sitting next to Auntie Muriel under a floating tarpaulin sky. Ron mumbles something and Harry laughs. If she angles her head like so she can see Ginny dancing with Viktor, her brown eyes on Harry, just behind Mr. Weasley and Molly. Ginny’s dress shimmers in the floating tent. The weight of a book is familiar on Hermione’s lap. It starts to slip and –

She wakes up with a start, alone in Malfoy Manor, her corset pinching her side, and with the beginnings of an idea. Ginny’s dress. It glowed. Ginny glowed. She couldn’t approach Narcissa or Bellatrix’s strange glamour – but Ginny’s happiness? That she could manage a shadow of.

It would be the work of half an hour to brew up a colour leeching potion, and even less to attempt a charm with her wand pieces, but Hermione asks Narcissa anyway. Betrayal, some part of her mind supplies, it would be a tiny betrayal of friendship to not ask her. The clothes had been a gift.

“An interesting choice,” Narcissa says, her eyes only briefly narrowing at Hermione between stacks of books the next morning. It has stopped raining outside and the sky through the windows is pale and blue “But it would be no trouble for Gilly.”

She assigns O.W.L level rune translations for Draco, and, under the guise of flicking through Hermione’s vastly advanced text asks “Do you know what you’re doing Miss Granger?” Hermione nods brightly around the lump in her throat. “Parse the verbs and carry the vowels,” she says. Narcissa’s concerned blue eyes meet hers briefly. Hermione looks away.

Retreating to her room to change after lessons are done, she makes a mental note to thank Gilly as she fingers a dress that is now a bright ivory. Virginal, a snide voice whispers in the back of her head, bit of a false sales pitch isn’t it? She ignores that, and jots down a quick thank you note at her desk. She folds it around a pressed dried flower she found in a library book, and drops it off in the kitchen on the way down to the dungeon.

When dinner rolls around she’s ready. She’s chosen a dress that would make Ron squeak ‘Blimey Hermione!’ And then probably take his cloak and cover her or something. But she’s doing this for him. For them. So he has no right. Imaginary Ron has no right to look so outraged at the transparent cream fabric that barely covers her thighs.
Nor has he any right to groan ‘No, Mione’ when she paints her lips a dark burgundy, and even bothers with a few sweeps of mascara wand. Her hair she curls up in a bun at her nape. Ron had mumbled once that her skin was very lovely. He’d gone bright red straight after, but still.

It’s mildly embarrassing to see how Narcissa’s eyebrows climb nearly to her hairline at Hermione’s choice in dress. More annoying is Draco’s kick under the table. When she glances at him he’s almost white with shock. “Change into something else!” He hisses under his breath. “No” She hisses back under the cover of reaching for the breadbasket. Lucius just stares at her chest morosely.

She’s ripping up a roll into tiny pieces when Bellatrix arrives. She’s fuming from the moment she walks through the door. Something about Greyback going off-plan with his snatcher team again. “We’ll never catch anyone at this rate. Pincer movement I tell him, I order him, and what does the mutt do?” She throws her cloak at the floor in front of Gilly with so much force, the poor thing actually tumbles backwards. Hermione wonders if that counts as freeing the elf. Apparently not, as Gilly disapparates with a frightened squeak.

Then Bellatrix catches sight of Hermione.

“What the hell is this?”

Hermione shoots up from her seat. Draco is looking at her like she’s recovering from a bad bat-boogey hex. She feels her face go beet red. She tries to calm, brushing the crumbs off her fingers and wetting her lips. She’s never gotten the hang of this alluring thing. And somehow she thinks she might have to work a whole lot harder for this than she did for Cormac McLaggen.

“I –Hello Bellatrix,” She settles for in the end. Not too shy. Not simpering. But uncertain. Bellatrix likes her off-guard. She fingers the hem of her skirt. “I missed you in the potions room.” That comes out huskier than she intended, and with a jolt she realises it’s true. She’s missed Bellatrix everywhere these past few weeks.

Bellatrix’s eyes are dark. She’s wearing a dress that pushes out the pale curve of her breasts. There’s a scratch on her pale neck that Hermione instantly longs to trace with her tongue. Hermione’s suddenly not quite sure whether she’s convincing her. So she says the only other thing that she knows to not be a total lie.

“I tested the new antidotes all myself,” Then when nobody moves she gestures down at herself “And look. Still breathing.”

Bellatrix’s eyes track her movement. Slowly. Hermione feels herself go red. It’s probably clashing horribly with the dress. A dress that isn’t that raunchy really. Pansy Parkinson showed more skin on summer Hogsmeade visits for Merlin’s sake.

“Won’t you sit?” She says to break the uncomfortable silence that’s descending on the table. She looks to Narcissa wishing she’d say something, anything, but the woman is just watching Hermione with something very much like disappointment.

Bellatrix meanwhile is clenching and unclenching her hands. Her anger seems to have spiralled, narrowed and now she’s looking at Hermione with a threatening focus.

Dinner is tense. Nobody speaks. Draco begins to speak a few times, but does nothing beyond cutting up his steak with more violence than necessary. Bellatrix eats all of two bites before shoving her plate away and snapping her hands for more wine. Hermione finds she can’t meet her eyes. She’s scared what she would find. Now that she’s begun this new plan it feels very unlike their previous incidents. It feels like she’s allowed something dangerous. Something she can’t quite understand.

Hermione excuses herself soon after dessert is served. Her legs feel shaky. She doesn’t dare look up as she leaves the dinner table. When she reaches her room she takes a shuddering breath and leans against her door. Stupid, stupid, stu-

A noise.

She hadn’t left the window open, but the air stirs around her and suddenly Hermione’s very sure there’s someone in the room with her. “Hello?” she whispers into the dark room, edging along the wall and blindly reaching for one of the heavier ornaments on the vanity.

Hermione squeaks when a hand closes around her wrist. A rush of warm magic spirals up her forearm. She tries to focus on the person next to her in the darkness.

“Bellatrix?” she whispers, heart pounding loudly in her ears.

“Were you expecting someone else?” Comes Bellatrix’s cool reply, after a long moment. “Draco has talked about you since first year… were you aiming for a little tête-à-tête with him?”

“What? No!” Hermione splutters, and yanks her arm free. She stumbles into the room, and snaps her fingers for the candles to light. Her robe is hanging on the closet, and Hermione is glad to wrap the thin silk around herself. Then she turns to face the room.

Bellatrix is now reclining on her bed, her eyes dark and unreadable. She’s still dressed for dinner, right down to her black pointed boots. Her arm rests in the dip of her corseted waist. She tilts her head. Slowly. Hermione’s stomach does a funny little half flip.

“Why have you been avoiding me?” She keeps her voice steady. Just like she did at dinner. When she once again tried to manipulate a monster.

“You know I’ve never agreed with Rodolphus on his methods -” Bellatrix frowns “Too medieval for my taste.” She gets up, a flash of bare calf, and moves towards Hermione. The candlelight makes her more beautiful, even as Hermione begins to understand she’s been toying with a tiger.

“All those barbaric ideas about owning someone.” Hermione’s eyes widen, and Bellatrix finally does smile, her painted lips stretching over her ruined teeth. There’s no friendliness in it. “I’ve always found magic works well enough for me.”

Hermione’s back bumps against the wall. She hadn’t realised she’d been retreating.

Bellatrix is so close now that their noses are almost touching. Her breath is warm on Hermione’s mouth. “My pet is so quiet,” There’s a note of wonder in her voice that helps Hermione find hers.

“Please –” she whispers, unsure what she’s begging for, even as her eyes dart around the room. Her plan is working perfectly. But why is she so scared? Bellatrix’s perfume fills her nose. It’s gone wrong somehow. The tone of this meeting is off. They’re not touching, just filling the space between them with their breath. She wonders if she should call out- would the Malfoys come and help her? No of course not- but if she could get one of the heavier candlesticks perhaps-

For a microsecond a line appears between Bellatrix’s eyebrows. They hang suspended in the moment. Bellatrix’s pupils are huge. Then the line smooths. It’s dark in the room, but Hermione gets the sense all the same that a cloud has passed over the sun. Odd, how she hadn’t noticed the light until it was obscured. She shivers. Bellatrix tugs at her dressing gown. Hermione holds on to the edges. Almost gently, Bellatrix unlocks her arms, and pushes the robe off her shoulders. Silk puddles around her feet. The stupid dress barely hides anything. She quickly locks her arms back over her chest.

“I’m sorry,” She whispers “I don’t know what came over me – I’ll-“

Bellatrix puts her hands on Hermione’s hips and steers her over to the bed. To her shame Hermione feels something throb low in her stomach. The back of her knees hit the bed. She stays standing up, determined to be unmoved, determined to weather whatever the hell this was, because this isn’t what she thought. There was no sense of whatever they’ve been tending together, just Hermione’s body and not her mind-

Bellatrix surges forward and suddenly she’s everywhere. Hermione feels her head hit the mattress, but she can’t focus because Bellatrix is alternately biting then sucking her neck, her fingers shifting down over her silk clad hips, to skin and oh, the warmth and their connection amplifies it all tenfold, until Hermione is dizzy.

Hermione tries not to grab Bellatrix’s waist, fisting her hands in fabric at her own ribs instead. She wants more. She wants Bellatrix to touch her everywhere and fill her with their impossible duality. The War, Harry and even Ron seem like very hazy concepts suddenly. Bellatrix lifts her head from Hermione’s neck, and Hermione realises that last moan must have been her.

“My,” Bellatrix drawls “Nothing but a mudgirl slut after all.”

Down below, her fingers brush over Hermione’s underwear. “How many people have had you had pet?” Her voice is mild, but a finger pushes almost into Hermione through her underwear. Hermione fights not to roll her hips. “How many good little wizards spent themselves inside you?” Her finger, rings and long nails and all, slips around the little stretch of fabric and presses up. This time Hermione arches her back and moans again. She clenches her teeth, and tries to focus.

“None of your business” she hisses. She will not tell this horrible woman about her first time with Ron just before the wedding. It had been sweet. Ron’s clumsy kisses and fervent promises that he would protect her from whatever the war would bring- that he would be hers forever-

Bellatrix pushes a second finger in. Hard. Hermione feels a cold ring coming to rest just outside her. “Did Potter and Weasley share you?” Rather than waiting for an answer, Bellatrix begins to move. Leisurely. Her eyes are intent on Hermione’s face. “Pass you around at family events?” She removes her hand, Hermione gasps, then shoves three digits in all at once. They make a slick, squishing noise. She hadn’t realised how wet she was. It still burns. Hermione turns her head to muffle another moan in her shoulder. Bellatrix wrenches her head up with her other hand.

“I want them to hear you pet.” She hisses then dips to bite Hermione’s shoulder “I want them to know I own you.”

Inside, she curls her fingers, and Hermione throbs and whines in earnest, clenching around those horrible fingers. The jolt of their connection vibrates to the tips of her hair. When she opens her eyes, Bellatrix looks dazed. The spots of colour high in her cheeks might be the most beautiful things Hermione’s ever seen. She’s perfect, Hermione thinks already sinking away from her orgasm, and I’ve sullied something I didn’t even realise we had.

“I’ve missed you.” It doesn’t seem like it’s enough, but there have to be words to turn them away from this path. She touches Bellatrix’s forearm as gently as she dares. The other witches fingers are still inside her. Another piece of who she thought Hermione Granger was seems to crumble and drift away from her. She’s horrified to feel her tears. “I’ve really missed you.”

Bellatrix just looks at her. In the half-light her expression is hard to read. Then she seems to remember herself. She snatches her fingers out of Hermione. It stings and Hermione can’t quite contain her wince. But Bellatrix is gentle even as she wipes her hand on the inside of Hermione’s thigh, then rolls off her. For a moment Hermione is exposed to the cold night air. Then Bellatrix settles next to her and curls one hand around her waist.

“Sleep now pet” she mumbles low into her hair, and for the first time in days, Hermione does.

***

Bellatrix comes to her every night that first week. Sometimes she waits until Hermione falls asleep, then bites and prods her awake. Sometimes she pounces on Hermione straight after dinner, and they don’t even make it to her room. Once, with Bellatrix’s thigh jammed between her legs, Hermione spots Gilly hastily retreating back through a door.

It’s not love. It’s not even sex like the first time. When she feels her clawed fingers moving inside Hermione is reminded most of Bellatrix’s cruciatus curse. It’s pure control. Bellatrix is punishing her for trying to gain a little bit of power. Punishing her for enjoying it, and punishing her for surprising Bellatrix. Hermione privately mourns the death of whatever thread of friendship they’d had before. Of respect.

Hermione never touches her back. At first she tries to keep herself rigid and unresponsive during the entire exercise. Until she realises that will only prolong things. At the end of the week she gives up and lets herself sigh and moan and squirm again. They never kiss again. Hermione’s not sure whose rule that is. It’s only the Horcrux, she whispers to herself like a mantra. It’s only the Horcrux, she thinks when Bellatrix, clutching her like an treasure she’d like to lock up in a vault, finally falls asleep.

And the worst part is she’s almost certain, to Bellatrix, that’s all that it’s becoming.

***

Draco and Hermione are sifting the bare northern hedges for bowtruckles when it happens.

It’s a thing they do now. They spend time together. Outside of Bellatrix mouthing at her neck, her breasts, her heart, all her exercise involves Draco. They could have searched at opposite ends of the park for this assignment, but somehow they’ve once again ended up in the empty garden beds at the north face of the manor, together. The hedge around this side of the house is teeming with magical creatures. Hermione had almost cried for homesickness when a gnome had bitten her knuckle a few days earlier.

“So you’re never going to go back to Hogwarts?” Hermione asks, carefully combing through the hedge, feeling for bites. Her hands are sweaty inside the dragonhide potions gloves she nicked from the dungeons. The day is cold and sunny. There’s a line of sweat forming between her shoulder blades.

Draco snorts. “Not if you paid me” He’s working barehanded a little way down the hedge. He has a better feeling for this. The container next to his foot already has two slight plant-like creatures. She stops and straightens at his words. Her cheeks are warm, and she knows Bellatrix will be annoyed at the twigs in her hair later tonight.

“Why not?”

“As incomprehensible as this may be to a goodie-two-shoes like you, I hated it there.” He winces and straightens up too. “Damn, that one got away.” He squints at her quickly as if she were too painful to look directly at. Like the sun. That’s another thing that has become a habit for them lately. If she gets too absorbed around him she’ll inevitably feel him staring at the new bite mark on her neck. Or at the colorful ring of fingerprints around her wrist. Or at any of the other signs of her nights with his aunt.

“Hogwarts. How could anyone hate going to Hogwarts?” Hermione asks completely dumbfounded, tucking a damp tendril of hair behind her ear, only wincing slightly as she brushes a bruise. “It’s like wonderland for kids –“

“Maybe if you’re a mudblo –” Draco nearly chokes on his next words. The colour drains from his cheeks. For a moment Hermione wonders if he’s finally felt guilty about calling her the familiar slur. But he just keeps getting paler.

“Draco?” She says pulling off her gloves. He’s turned away from her. And pushed up his sleeve. And –

“Oh” Hermione breathes. The dark mark is black and raised against the inside of Draco’s arm. She looks back up to his face. His eyes are wide and frightened.

“He’s calling me” He whines. “What do I do – I thought he was still out of the country – I thought –”

“You have to go,” She says taking the hand above which the Dark Mark is tattooed. She makes her tone as firm as she can. “You have to go to him now Draco” She’s not sure why she’s so concerned about his standing as a Death Eater suddenly. But it tugs somewhere at her stomach to think of Draco, cowardly irritating Draco, who’d only just started putting on weight again, defenseless against the cold, unforgiving malevolence of Voldemort.

“But – ” There are tears in his eyes. She puts her gloved hands on either side of his face. “It will be worse if you don’t come immediately. You know it will.”

“He’ll make me do something- he’ll –” She angles his face up again. “It doesn’t matter Draco. If you don’t go he’ll torture you and you’ll have to do it anyway.”

His face loses the last bit of colour, but he nods sharply and steps back out of her reach. They maintain eye contact until suddenly with a loud pop Hermione is alone.

The walk back to the house is slow. She’s shivering by the end. She has to take two trips to carry all the cages back inside. She sets the bowtruckles he caught carefully back into the hedge. She can’t stand caged creatures anymore.

The manor is eerily silent too. She supposes both Bellatrix and the elder Malfoys got called away too.

So that is how she nearly drops her stack of books when she opens the door to her room. Bellatrix is sitting on her bed looking at her hands in her lap. The afternoon sun casts golden pools of bright light on the carpeted floor. But Bellatrix has chosen to sit in the shadow.

It always hurts something in her chest to see the other woman. Bellatrix’s hair is messy. There’s sand on the hem of her black robe. Wherever she had been hunting Hermione’s friends today smells like brine and smoke. She’s terribly striking. She still hasn’t looked up.

Hermione sits next to her, and, after a long moment, leans into her.

It’s odd. Bellatrix has done things to her that make her blush to the roots of her hair, but the simple act of leaning into her shoulder feels like the first intimate touch they’ve shared in weeks.

Bellatrix’s breath exhales in a shaky whoosh.

“He wants to see you”


"He wants to see you"

Hermione seems to snag inside that sentence for a small eternity. She notes the dustmotes circling in the sunbeam in front of her. She notes her room, her cup on the writing table, the fraying fibres of her bedspread and the feel of her feet pushing into the carpet. Most of all she notes Bellatrix's shoulder, so still against her cheek a moment ago, but now starting to tremble almost imperceptibly. She closes her eyes again. Swallows.

"Alright"

Bellatrix pushes herself off the bed so fast that Hermione nearly falls.

"Alright?" She hisses, eyes angry and bright "The Dark Lord wants to question you - a speck of a witch, a footnote in his mind - and you say alright?" Her shoulders are heaving with her words and she runs a hand through her hair. It catches and Bellatrix begins to twist the hair around her palm.

She's frightened.

The discovery rings like a clear bell through Hermione. Bellatrix is frightened for her.

The knowledge, which would have meant a great deal to Hermione of an hour ago, settles somewhere in her stomach next to where fear is rapidly taking hold. Just like that her hands start to sweat and a shiver begins to work it's way up her still sweaty torso.

"Where do you think-" Bellatrix begins in a sharp tone.

She realises she's going to be sick when she's already half way off the bed and to the door. She doesn't remember leaving the room, or the hallway, or locking the upstairs bathroom. The lip of the toilet is cold against her cheek. Her vomit is sour and mixed with tears. She sits there for another moment until there's a firm knock on the door. Bellatrix could break down the door with a flick of her wand. But she doesn't. Hermione stays for another minute and is rewarded with a gentle burn of magic from the porcalein. 

"We don't have time for this Hermione" comes Bellatrix's muffled voice from the other side of the door. She doesn't sound angry anymore. Just tired.

Flushing the toilet, Hermione stands and washes her hands and her face. The girl in the mirror is pale. The marks on her neck have mottled into an ugly yellow at the edges. Hermione turns off the tap and leans against the sink. For the first time in months she truly wants to go home. Not to Hogwarts. Not to the Burrow. To her real home. To her Mum and Dad. To Crookshanks and her reading nook and her three shelves of books. Where in Australia did Monica and Wendell choose? What were they doing now? Do they feel that someone is missing from their new gentle sub-tropical life?

"Hermione" Bellatrix's voice is dark. Hermione sighs and opens the door.

 ***

"Don't speak unless someone asks you a direct question" Bellatrix instructs as she pulls Hermione through the Malfoy entrance hall "And for Merlin's sake don't make eye contact with anyone. Especially Dolohov or Avery" Bellatrix's hand tightens on Hermione's bicep "They've been ingratiatingly chummy with the Dark Lord these past few months" She looks back, her eyes are as dark as Hermione has ever seen them "Who knows what privliges they might be allowed" 

The steps from the front door creak as they fly out of the house into the January chill. The gravel underfoot is cold through Hermione's house slippers. Bellatrix releases her so suddenly that Hermione nearly stumbles.

"Where are we going?" she says at the same time as Bellatrix says "Let's have a look at you"

Bellatrix's eyes narrow. She doesn't answer Hermione's question circling her instead, twirling her wand absentmindedly. "Not battered enough" she mutters almost to herself.

"What does-" Hermione begins just as Bellatrix raises her wand. Hermione steps backwards, eyes flashing to the quiet winter park around them, hunting for a weapon or at least somewhere to hide-

Bellatrix's wand comes down. 

Hermione squashes her eyes shut, waiting for pain, bracing against an Unforgivable, but all that happens is a slight prickle across her skin. Something drips over her mouth, and opening her eyes she wipes instinctively. Her hand comes away bloody. She touches her nose. There's old blood caked around it, but it doesn't hurt. Her arm is covered in bruises, most just fresh versions of wounds that had faded months ago. When she presses on one she feels nothing.

"What-" she begins again, feeling stupid and slow. There's a big purple mark on her forearm that reminds her of Draco's Dark Mark, and she wonders where he is now, and if she'll see him soon-

"I've been keeping you in the dungeons, I take Cruciatus to you at least twice a day, you eat in the kitchen, we've never talked outside of potion instructions" Bellatrix pauses her rapid fire instructions and peers at Hermione. One of her hands comes up as if to cup her face, but she drops it at the last minute. "I fuck you whenever I feel like it"

Hermione looks back at her. A strand of hair has gotten stuck to her lipstick. She's still breathing too quickly but holds Hermione's eyes fiercely. There's splotchy colour high in her cheeks. Hermione thinks she understands. There's a demented kind of sense to what Bellatrix is saying. Something of this comprehension must show in her expression, because Bellatrix smiles bitterly, then holds out a gloved hand.

"Understand?"

"Understand" Hermione echoes and takes the gloved hand.

 

***

 

They apparate into an abandoned stone hall and Hermione immediatley feels her thin houseclothes. There's the insistent sound of the wind howling outside, and there seem to be a thousand icy drafts caressing her from all sides. She eyes Bellatrix's thick tailored robes enviously. Her house jumper is doing nothing against this climate.

"Where are we?" she asks, eyeing the high wooden ceiling beams, and the great empty stone fireplace.

"Dolohov's ancestral home" Bellatrix says, spotting a hole in the roof with obvious distaste. "Siberia, on the plateau" She adds after a long moment. "Dolohov's parents were nouveau riche and bought it with the idea of fixing it up as a holiday dacha"

"Why didn't they finish?" Hermione asks, matching her hushed tones, tracing a line into the frost with her foot.

"Dolohov killed them" Bellatrix answers dreamily as Hermione rubs the Deathly Hallows symbol away with her heel "Apparently their ideals did not quite line up to his"

"That's terrible" Hermione thinks again of Wendell and Monica, of raising her wand behind them on the couch when they were still her parents.

"Is it?" Bellatrix takes a step forward into the shaft of light illuminating the hall "It was quite the vogue among His closest followers for a while. Killing parents." Her clothes begin to neaten. A tear at her sleeve begins to stitch itself back together. "I would have liked to have killed my father"

She closes her eyes and angles her face up to the weak sunlight. "But the Dark Lord forbade it. Father had deep pockets and agreed with the Dark Lords' politics right until the end" She turns to Hermione and watches her from half lidded eyes "Does that shock you too muddy?"

"No" Hermione answers keeping her gaze cool and level with Bellatrix. She's struck suddenly by the thought that she knows this woman better than anyone alive. 

There's a sound, far off in the corridor behind Bellatrix. Then the creak of a door opening. Footsteps.

For a moment they both stare at each other, then Bellatrix blinks and stretches. She approaches Hermione through the gloom. Her whole body is langerous, but Hermione can still see  her alarm. She wonders if anyone else on earth can read Bellatrix by the shade of her eyes. Then they too flatten. Like shutters closing on windows. She rests a hand on Hermione's stomach, the other at her hip.

The footsteps are getting closer. Hermione fights not to let her attention wander from the face in front of her.

"We all would have killed him given the chance" The hand on her hip slips down and steals under the hem of her skirt. The one on her stomach stays, stroking idle patterns into the wool. Bellatrix watches her closely "Even namby-pamby Andy would have crushed his head with a rock" The questing hand arrives at the edge of her underwear. Hermione breathes through her nose, trying to give nothing away, no sound, or expression- "If she thought she could have gotten away with it" There's something desperate in the twist of Bellatrix's expression now. She cups Hermione, and the gentleness of it is what does it, Hermione breathes in sharply and -

"You're keeping us all waiting you know"

A tall man with a middle parting and a dark beard stands behind Bellatrix. He wears a black robe, and Hermione can see a curved knife and his wand tucked neatly into his belt.

Hermione squeaks, and tries to pull away from Bellatrix. The hand at her stomach has turned into a vice-like grip. They look at each other one last time. Hermione can almost taste the metallic tang of Bellatrix's fear. The other woman's nostrils flare, and she moves as if to lean in and then turns.

"Ah but Dolohov, it's such fun with my mudblood these days" Bellatrix breathes. Her voice is rough. Like she's run up all the stairs of Hogwarts Castle. Hermione closes her eyes, and tries to prepare herself. Everything from now on will be a test. 

Dolohov says nothing to this, but merely turns and walks further back along the corridor.

"Oooh, big bad Dolohov is angry" Bellatrix sing-songs, pulling a face as they follow, and Hermione hopes that no one else will hear the waver in her voice.

 

***

 

The Death Eaters have set up temporary headquarters in what was presumably to become the elder Dolohov's winter garden. There's no greenery, just empty plant beds, dusty wooden crates and several nude neoclassical figurines lining glass-paned walls.

The landscape outside is fogged up from condensation, but Hermione can make out a small slope of snow covered lawn and dense swirling mist. The air here is warm at least, but Hermione still shivers as they approach the semi-circle of Death Eaters, crowded around a dry fountain. Draco stands at the very end of the half-moon,and his eyes widen when he spots her. Rodolphus is closer to the center. He doesn't seem to notice her or his wife at all. His gaze is fixed towards the line of statues.

"Bellatrix" Voldemort's voice is quieter than she imagined. The wizard himself steps out from a laughing marble trio of female figures holding fruits, musical instruments and furled scrolls. His skin matches theirs. He cradles his wand with both hands. One long curved nail is stroking the wood gently, like an afterthought. There's the faint sound of whimpering from behind the statue. Somebody pushes Hermione forward. Bellatrix flits past her to her master. "I have been waiting"

Bellatrix all but slides to the floor. "Forgive me, my lord" She kisses the hem of Voldemort's robe. Carefully and much too slowly for Hermione's stomach "The mudblood was not fit for company"

Voldemort's face splits into a slow smile, as if looking down on a wily child. " You haven't been having too much fun?" He lets go of his wand with one hand, and hovers a hand just over Bellatrix's skull, ghosting along her jaw, and finally tilting her chin up with the lightest of touches.

"I work tirelessly to bring Potter to you" Bellatrix looks up and throws back her shoulders. Her cloak slips off, revealing the sleeveless dress underneath. Hermione does not miss how Voldemort's eyes track the skin revealed. "Any hour now, I will have him begging for mercy at your feet-"

"I do not doubt this my most loyal servant" Voldemort angles her face towards him again. "But I am curious how our other... endeavour fares"

At this his slitted eyes flit to Hermione who feels herself tensing everywhere. Bellatrix cups his hand with hers, then rocks forward on her heels, and turns. In three strides she's face to face. Hermione has one brief look at her frozen expression, then Bellatrix backhands her. Hard.

She falls, gravel stabs into her knees, but she does not cry out. She will not give them that satisfaction. Any of them.

"You will kneel in the prescence of the Dark Lord filth!"

Hermione flinches at the hissed words, but scrambles to right herself on her knees. Voldemort is still considering her. She can't read his expression. Behind her she can feel the Death Eaters shift. Someone laughs. Bellatrix's skirt takes up the left side of her vision.

"There have been no serious ... misshaps?" Voldemort asks, his keen eyes still on Hermione.

"I have resucitated her each time with magic" Bellatrix replies archly "There was only one... incident not directly in my power" Bellatrix shifts, and Hermione can feel true rage bubbling in her for the first time. She longs to touch Bellatrix's silk covered leg, or hold her hand or offer comfort somehow. She keeps herself very still. "My husband, MacNair and Greyback attempted to interfere with my property. I dealt with them"

Voldermort looks away from Hermione at this. "Greyback at the least should be aware of the nature of Miss Granger" He sweeps out his arm. "But come, see for yourself"

He retreats back behind the figurines, and Bellatrix follows. A tug of powerful magic yanks Hermione to her feet, and stumblingly, with one look back at Draco's pale face, she follows too.

Voldemort has led them to a smaller alcove. They are hidden from sight by the row of marble statues behind them. Its a small half-tower like space. The ceiling here is glass too with Victorian style iron work. There's a set of open crates here, and musty packing straw carpets the floor. On the floor are two people. One of them is dead.

"Hermione!"

Dean Thomas' skin is the colour of ash. There's big patches of hair missing from his afro. A fine network of teeth-marks span across his torso. 

Oliver Wood meanwhile looks like he's been dead for weeks. He's wrapped in his cloak, with rough rope binding the material at his neck and feet. One hand has slipped out of the material, and lays curled, like a question mark, on the ground. His eyes are open. 

"We thought you were dead" Dean continues "Everyone said so after the wedding. Everyone said so-" There's a note of hysteria in his voice. Hermione tries to think of something to say to him. 

She manages "Dean-" before a jet of red light hits Dean square in the face. His eyes roll back.

Greyback steps out of the shadows. " He never shuts up" He growls to Voldemort by way of apology. Behind him, Hermione can make out Dolohov, arms folded, expression carefully neutral. 

Bellatrix nudges Dean with the edge of her boot. "He's dead"

Greyback frowns but makes no move to come closer "That was only a stunning spell"

"Right to the brain, while the target was in a weakened state." Bellatrix wipes her boot on the ground "Did you attend school at all Greyback? Or have you finally become more mutt than wizard?" 

Greyback begins to growl low in his throat.

"Quiet" Voldemort's voice is icy. "Both of you"

Greyback bares his teeth at Bellatrix, but they both turn to face their master. Bellatrix looking more smug than contrite. 

"We began with three human horcruxes for three loyal servants" He looks at Greyback "One survives"

At this Dolohov steps forward "I didn't kill my horcrux" 

His voice is cool. Measured. Hermione wonders how he killed his father. Was it a quick death? Did his mother cry? How little can you care for your family? She thinks again of her own Mum. She prays the memory charm will hold until both of them die. She prays it's making her and Dad happy somewhere in the warm sun. Even if Hermione will never manage to release them from it.

Voldemort's eyes narrow "No" He concedes, and Dolohov seems to shrink into himself "His body rejected the fragment. An interesting aside, but still a failure"

"If I'd had a tasty morsel like that, my horcrux would still be living too" Greyback growls, eyeing Hermione. She feels more than sees Bellatrix tense beside her. 

Aprubtly he turns to Voldemort. "Make me another one" He licks his lips "Make it someone tasty, like the Weasley girl, or- or Lucius' wife"

Now Bellatrix bares her teeth "You dare- you mongrel half-breed-"

"Enough!" Hermione resists the urge to curl into a ball and cover her head. Even the hint of rage in Voldemort's voice is terryifying. The three Death Eaters shift uneasily. There's a tense moment of silence.

"I gave you gifts of unimaginable worth. Only Bellatrix has seen it fit to treasure hers" Hermione's heart starts beating at the curious inflection. She feels Voldemort's gaze on her, and stares harder at the gravel in front of her "Perhaps too much"

There's a pause. Greyback begins to growl again, low in his throat this time. The hairs on the back of Hermione's neck stand up.

"No my lord" Bellatrix finally says. She almost manages her usual arch tone, but at the last minute her voice wobbles. Hermione swallows. Please she thinks, wishing for the first time in months for the callous Bellatrix of her memory, for the torture, for the cruelty, for the two of them when they were nothing to each other-

Voldemort casually flicks his wand "Crucio"

Please. She's in a world of pain where no time exists. She wishes she could die. Please. She wishes she had no organs, no skin, nothing for the sandpaper pain of the curse to worry and bite until she would tear her own brain out, if only her hands weren't locked with shock by her sides-

At last it stops.

The sting of gravel in her cheek is soothing after the curse. She counts the eyelets of Bellatrix's boots and tries to stop hyperventallating. 

"Are you sure Bellatrix?" Voldemort's voice has taken on an almost light tone again. Hermione can see the diffuse outline of her own reflection in the shiny leather of her shoes. "I sense strange emotions in you"

The boots turn towards her and someone yanks up Hermione's head. The tip of a wand is pressed into the soft side of her throat. To Hermione's scattered mind it feels almost like the point of a blade.

"I will kill her right now if it will please you" Bellatrix sounds certain. She sounds like someone who never laughed with a muggleborn, or showed them her secret meadow, or kissed their lips without meaning to. She sounds like the witch she's meant to be.

Voldemort considers them both. Blood is pooling in Hermione's mouth. She feels it drip down her chin. Voldemort's eyes follow its trail. He's about to speak, then he stills.

A low hiss fills the alcove. Hermione feels something brush past her leg, and looks down just in time to see shimmering scales. Nagini curls herself around her master, tongue flickering with her strange language all the while.

Voldemort answers her in her own tongue. Her news seem to please him. He even bestows her with a smile. All of his teeth are pointed, like the snakes. Hermione thinks that knowledge alone could send her down into gibbering insanity if she let it.

"We will continue this coversation when I return" Voldemort's voice is distant, as if he's already far away from Dolohov's house, from this conversation, and from his loyal servants. Hermione sees the flick of his cloak, and then him and the snake are gone.

Greyback makes as if to move towards them. Bellatrix says tonelessly "Another step and you'll wish you hadn't killed your horcrux"

He takes a step anyway, and the wand, that moments ago was at Hermione's throat, lashes towards him with a bolt of purple light and a crack like a whip. He howls like a hurt dog, then turns on his heel and is gone. Dolohov watches all this dispassionatley, then sidesteps and disappears between the statues.

Behind her Bellatrix is still breathing too quickly. Hermione counts to ten, then twenty, then finally she turns, freeing her hair from Bellatrix's frozen grip. She touches her hip. That seems to jolt Bellatrix back into reality. Hermione sees her throat work. She sees the panic again. She feels as if the situation could turn on a dime. She doesn't feel like they tricked Voldemort into thinking anything but the truth.

"We have to go" She says, keeping her voice as low as she can. The Death Eaters have resumed their murmurs. Hermione supposes Dolohov must have told them of Voldemort's sudden departure. Bellatrix still won't move. Hermione takes her life in her hands and pinches the hip she's clasped.

That seems to wake Bellatrix up. She fumbles for Hermione's hand and pulls them further along the glass paned walls. They slip through a set of statues, and out on the summer terrace. Hermione has a glimpse of the half circle of dark shapes through the fogged glass. She hopes Draco is alright.

"What do you think you're doing?" Hermione's turns in time to mash her nose into the curls of hair at Bellatrix's ear. She smells most like herself there, like smoke and heavy perfume. The back of her corset is sharp even through Hermione's jumper. They've come to a standstill on a square of fenced frozen tiles. The wind is brutal out here. Hermione feels her teeth begin to chatter.

Rodolphus stands at the edge of the railing. In the months since she'd last seen him, Hermione had forgotten how unerringly stylish he is. His winter dress robes are a superb cut on his tall figure. He's grown his hair, and Hermione is struck once again by what a handsome couple him and his wife make. She wonders if Bellatrix spends her nights away from the manor with him. She wonders if he holds her after. Something constricts in her chest, and she has to mash her teeth into her lower lip to keep from snarling.

 Rodolphus' gaze lingers on their still joined hands. Bellatrix snatches her hand away. Hermione feels her palm hover in the cold air for a moment. She feels, ridiculously, like now is the moment she's finally going to cry.

"What are you doing Bellatrix?" His voice is lower now and he takes a step towards them "I have always supported you. Always when it really mattered" His eyes flick to Hermione again "But this? This is suicide." 

He takes Hermione's still suspended wrist and draws her away from Bellatrix. He does it so gently that it takes both of them by surprise, so that Hermione has walked a few steps with him before she comes to herself and stops. She looks back to Bellatrix. Rodolphus' grip has become like iron.

"Go home" His voice is melodious "I'll take care of this, and everything can go back to how it was"

The mist parts, and for a moment Hermione can see the outlines of hulking mountain range that the terrace faces. The moment stretches out like taffy. The three of them in the snow, Bellatrix frozen, like this is all too much for her, like they've reached a crossroads and she can't-

Rodolphus' grip tightens a little. Hermione doesn't know what sound she makes. She thinks it might be a whimper.

Bellatrix looks at her. Snow has caught on her eyelashes. Her lips thin and she nods, just once. She steps forward. Hermione thinks she's reaching for her right until she cups Rodolphus' face. 

"You're right my love" Her eyes are bright with tears "But - but let me. Then I'll come home to you" He frowns "To us"

She smiles, leans in and kisses him, at the same time gently prying his hands off Hermione's wrists. Her fingers fold around her forearm and-

Bellatrix stumbles away from her and into the open space of the meadow. Hermione collapses back into the soft winter grass, and damp black leaves and listens to her retching. She rolls on her side and curls into a ball. Hard peaks of frozen snow make for a cold bed. The woods surrounding the meadow are sparse, and the sound of the river is louder than ever in the winter quiet.

Suddenly someone yanks her over. For a moment she has a vision of Bellatrix hovering above her, framed by the white sky. She's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen she thinks. Then Bellatrix's lips are hard on hers and Hermione feels the teeth behind them. Tastes the sour tang of her vomit. She pushes her back by the shoulders.

"Experiment's run its course" It's not a question. Hermione's never been more certain of anything in her life. As soon as Voldemort takes more than a moment to think about what just happened, as soon as any of them - Dolohov, Greyback-do she's done for.

Bellatrix pales, but nods. "It was always a matter of time- I just - I didn't think-"

She looks so forlorn, sitting there surrounded by snow, that Hermione does the only thing that feels right. She kisses Bellatrix. She can't remember the last time she initiated a kiss. Usually she's as passive as she can be. Bellatrix freezes.

She kisses her again. One touch for each sharp cheekbone. One to the sharp curve of her upper lip. Then back to her lower lip. She worries the flesh with her teeth. Points her tongue and darts it between Bellatrix's unresponsive lips. Finally the other woman opens her mouth. Hermione pushes in past her teeth. She cups the back of her head. Hard.

She kisses a wet trail down Bellatrix's jaw, down her neck, she struggles with Bellatrix's corset for a moment, then fumbles for the silver knife at her belt and just cuts the laces open. She's never seen Bellatrix's breasts before. They're small and her nipples are surprisingly pink peaks. She kisses both of them and trails the silver knife down her chest, over the goosepimples beginning to form there. She cuts into the top of Bellatrix's underwear then drops the knife and rips the rest of the fabric.

Bellatrix is warm down there and Hermione's first feeling is relief because she's been so cold lately, so cold, and she drags her tongue along all that heat. Bellatrix breathes in sharply and it's the only noise she's made, the only noise she's allowed herself to make, and the thought of that suddenly hammers into Hermione, and she fumbles under her own skirt and into her own warmth. She moans and it's muffled by curls, and maybe it's the vibration of that noise and maybe Bellatrix has looked down and seen where Hermione's other hand is, but she begins to pulse all around her mouth. Hermione keeps licking and sucking until finally she feels Bellatrix wriggling backward, and she opens her eyes.

Bellatrix is flushed and beautiful. She's half naked in the frozen grass and the best and brightest and dearest being Hermione's ever seen.

Hermione begins to smile, feeling cut loose from it all once again. Our future is death, she thinks and I was silly to ever think otherwise. Bellatrix doesn't match her smile. Her eyes are strangely bright as she pulls the ruins of her dress back around herself.

"You have to go" 

If she'd taken the knife and stabbed it into the center of Hermione's chest it wouldn't have shocked her like this. "Wha-" She begins even as Bellatrix, pulls her corset back over her wet chest, and takes Hermione's still sticky hand.

There's another squeezing sensation and she's standing outside the ruins of the Burrow. "No! You can't leave it like this-" she begins, but Bellatrix is already gone.


Then it's just Hermione and the wind.

She allows herself one minute of shaking. She pulls up her underwear and woollen tights from where they've slipped around her knees. She touches her kiss-bruised lips. She closes her eyes, counts to one hundred, then opens them again.

The Burrow stands deserted before her. All its usually cheerful windows are dark. No chickens roam the front yard and the garden gate lays smashed just beside a stack of smashed pots. Behind her, what remains of the party tent, flies frayed in the breeze. The muddy ground is frozen. Hermione can make out many footprints, and for a second almost hears the panicked voices of their owners.

She eyes the top-most windows again. Ginny's still holds a windchime that glints weakly in the winter sun. She pictures her books and the shimmering bag next to her mattress on the floor. She'll have to look she decides. It's a thin chance, but one she's not willing to forego.

The kitchen is worse. It hurts something deep in her to see Molly's carefully saved for collection of Gilderoy Lockhart books torn and muddied on the floor. Nothing seems to have escaped whatever destructive wind swept through here. But she can detect a later hand too. The family clock is missing for one, so is a patched apron that always hung by the stove. It's comforting to note these missing items. She doesn't like to think of the Weasley's furtively sneaking back to canvas their home, but to sneak furtively means that they survived.

Upstairs is better. Fred and George's old room has been blasted straight off the building, but Hermione can see the edge of Ron's room over the bannisters. She'll check there next she decides. 

Ginny's room is nearly untouched. Her Hollyhead Harpies posters glare at Hermione, but thankfully keep their mouths shut. Ginny's rickety vanity table is still covered in Gabrielle's make-up. Only one bottle of scent has rolled off the edge and lays in pieces. Everything is covered in a thin layer of dust. Her bag isn't there. Hermione sighs and lets herself collapse on Ginny's bed for a moment. The blanket is woollen, obviously knitted by Molly, and Hermione rubs her face into the scratchy wool for one moment. How is she going to contact the Order? Night is setting in. She cannot stay here. She's wand-less, and without any means to contact anyone.

She rubs her face, hard, and little shapes bloom behind her eyelids. Right. She makes herself get up. Ron's room. Right.

The walk up the stairs is slow. She's beginning to realise how exhausted she is. It seems another life-time ago that her and Draco were collecting bowtruckles from the hedge.

Ron's bright orange decor blinds her as always, but then her eyes adjust. She's just about to step over the threshold when-

"Who are you?"

Before Hermione's eyes, a shape materialises out of Ron's orange shag carpet. It's a dusty figure at first, but then it solidifies, and Hermione finds herself looking at a near perfect copy of herself.

Dust-Hermione is still wearing the red party dress. Her palor is deathly, and the real Hermione notes with some distaste that someone has taken some liberties with the size of her eyes and the glossiness of the curls on her head, so that she looks like a quaint Victorian copy of herself.

"State your purpose!" Dust-Hermione continues, her too-big eyes narrowing dangerously. "You stand on my grave, are you friend or foe?"

Behind the figure, Hermione spots a painting that was definitely not in Ron's room before. A heel of shining armour is just disappearing out of it.

She looks back at the figure. "I didn't kill you" she says quietly. Dust-Hermione lets out a soft sigh, then disintegrates back into the carpet.

Downstairs there's the sound of glass breaking.

Hermione allows herself one last look at Ron's ugly carpet, then she turns back to the landing. She makes a detour past the hallway closet, and spends precious minutes rummaging in the growing dark, until her hand alights on an old beater's bat. She's nearly sure she just tripped the Order's alarm system, but no use in getting complacent.

On the final landing she hears voices.

"You have to stop calling us at any disturbance Cadogan" The Scottish lilt is more pronounced when Professor McGonagall is angry. "The Order is low on members as it is these days-"

"You accuse me of lying, good lady" Interrupts Cadogans booming voice "But I swear to you, on my honour as a knight, that I saw Miss Granger in Master Weasley's room not half a moment ago"

"Yes, that is the idea of the phantom charm we've placed there" McGonagall sounds exasperated now "As we have tried to explain to you the last half dozen times-"

"Umm, Professor?" McGonagall spins and looks up at her "He's right actually"

Hermione steps down the last few steps. McGonagall is frozen in place, her eyes huge behind her square spectacles. "It's me" Hermione adds.

She takes another step, right as McGonagall levels her wand. "Stay where you are"

Hermione freezes. 

"What book did I recommend to Hermione Granger in first year?"

Heart beating hard Hermione thinks, trying to remember-

"Seventeen Variations on the Transfiguration of Fauna" she finally remembers "You said I could begin second-year level homework in my free time if I felt like it" she adds hastily. "I read that book in two days" It had been pre-Harry and Ron she remembers now. Eleven year old Hermione had been more than a little pathetic in those easy days.

McGonagall lowers her wand. There's a tick going near her usually stern mouth. Before Hermione knows what's happening, McGonagall has crossed the distance between them and holds Hermione in a crushing embrace. It hurts some of her more recent bruises, but she finds she's hugging the other woman just as fiercely.

Finally they both step back, McGonagall a little awkwardly, but with bright eyes. "We all thought-"

"That I was dead yes" Hermione finishes for her "What happened at the wedding?"

McGonagall looks at her strangely. "You decided it was wise to take on Bellatrix Lestrange single-handedly" Her nostrils flare "What on earth were you thinking Miss Granger?"

Vague memories are starting to come back to Hermione. "I was creating a distraction" She says thoughtfully "So Harry and Ron could get away"

McGonagall sighs, and it's almost like Hermione is in first-year again, standing in front of a knocked out troll and lying her head off for her new friends.

"They haven't- he hasn't got them yet has he?"

"No." McGonagall suddenly looks old for the first time since Hermione's known her. "I'm sure we would find out within the hour of it happening"

"What is happening? How is the war going? What-"

"All good questions Miss Granger, but this is neither the place or the time" She seems to pull herself together "We need a safe house for you"

***

Shell Cottage is beautiful. The smell of the ocean tugs at some happy memory in Hermione, she thinks of all her Dad's trips to the seaside, until a vision of Bellatrix on her bed swims in front of her minds eye. Oh.

Bill and Fleur are shocked and delighted to see her. Fleur cries. It touches Hermione strangely. She never thought the other girl had much time for her.

"I have to return to the castle" McGonagall announces in the front garden "I've been gone far too long already. The Carrows will demand an explanation"

And then Hermione is left alone with Bill and Fleur. She turns to them, bracing herself for the questions- but Bill just puts his jacket around her shoulders. "Wash up, then bed"

Hermione could cry from relief.

 

***

 

She spends most of the next week in bed. The first few times she wakes, she's feverish and disoriented. Sometimes Fleur is there, knitting and singing softly in French. Once or twice she manages to make Hermione drink some thin broth and nibble on a little bit of bread. Mostly she just strokes her hair until Hermione falls asleep again.

Once when she wakes late at night she swears she sees a figure sitting in the moonlit window alcove near her bed. A hand touches her forehead gingerly, and Hermione feels a peace settle over her as the iron rings touch her face. But the room is empty and sunlit by next day so Hermione just chalks it up to a fever episode.


 

***

 

"So you don't remember anything?" Hermione traces the stitched flowers in her coverlet with the edge of her nail. Bill sounds as close to exasperated as he's ever gotten with her over the last month. It's sweet and infinitely stupid how gentle they are being with her, the nasty Horcrux part of Hermione thinks. She catches them giving each other worried looks sometimes, but apart from that, and this salient, nightly, question, she's never detected as much as a whiff of anger from either of them.

They let her take her morning walks along the rough shore. They feed her breakfast, and don't force her to join them for dinner. They don't complain about the number of hours a day she spends in bed, either asleep or reading. She wonders how long the Order will allow her to hang in limbo like this. No one has visited since McGonagall brought her. She tries not to listen to any Order business. She tries to be as seperate and as comatose to the war as she can.

Hermione has advanced to reading on her own these days. Fleur has a surprisingly large library of the wizarding and the muggle classics. "For my English" she says when she shows Hermione the room they're kept in. It's heartening to sit with a cup of tea and revisit Anna Karenina's suicide, or to walk the streets of Dicken's London, or to follow Shukhov through the hell of his gulag camp. All of Fleur's books have a pretty Ex Libris label pasted into them and Hermione enjoys the way her pages smell of jasmine.

Sometimes she sees a figure, far up the beach, on her daily walks. The sea spray creates a haze most mornings, and Hermione is nearly completely sure it's just one of the muggle fishermen. There's something familiar about the curve of the silouhette. She always manages to put it out of her mind by lunchtime.

Yes, she thinks to herself, watching another sunset illuminate the sandy hills leading to the beach, yes I can fritter away the war here.

***

It's the back door crashing that wakes her. For a moment she's disoriented. Is she late for lessons? Transfiguration with Professor McGonagall, no with Mrs Malfoy, no-

Another crash. Hermione rolls out of bed and looks out the window just in time to see Bill racing down the path to the beach. She throws the dressing gown Fleur lent her over her night shirt and squashes her feet into some old gumboots next to the front door. By the time she's down on the beach and running towards the group of people clustered on the wet sand, she's crying. She was prepared for Death Eaters, for a fight to the end, for Bellatrix's face, lovely and cruel in the morning light-

She wasn't prepared for the mop of messy black hair and the shock of red next to it.

She wasn't prepared for Dobby, tiny and still, in the center of their circle with a familiar silver knife sticking out of his chest.

She wasn't prepared for Luna's pale eyes to light upon her and say not without some bitterness-

"Oh Hermione. You're alive."

 

***

 

"She tagged along" Ron is scuffing the dirt at the edge of the old miller's wheel Fleur and Bill use as an outside setting. "After the explosion"

Harry sits next to her, eyes far off behind his round glasses. His arm is touching hers on the stone table. They haven't talked, but he hasn't moved away from her since the beach.

They'd buried Dobby together. Not with magic. Fleur had taken Luna, Mr Ollivander and Griphook upstairs. There were cuts all over Luna and she couldn't seem to stop shaking. So that was their first act as the reunited Golden Trio. To bury Dobby in Fleur's flowerbeds. Hermione wishes she could shake the feeling that it's their last act as the Golden Trio too.

"Stuff just happened 'Mione" Ron continues, a pleading note coming into his voice. Hermione knows she has to focus on what he's obviously struggling to tell her. That's her role after all. Making sense of his self-centered sweet loyal self. "And I thought-"

But she can't.

"Who tortured her?" She interrupts. There's a long silence.

"Bellatrix"

It's Harry that answers. Ron just turns the colour of slimy oats. He sinks down next to her at last. Hermione closes her eyes.

"It was awful" Something breaks in Ron's voice "She was screaming like she was going to die Hermione. And Bellatrix kept laughing."

The tears feel hot across her face. An arm goes around her. She tucks her face into Harry's neck. Ron puts his arms around both of them. They sit like that for a long moment. Hermione feels something right itself in her. Here is her family. The people she'll always long to come home to.

"What happened Hermione?" Harry's voice is rough, but when she looks up at him, his cheeks are dry.

Hermione takes a deep breath, and tells them.

 

***

 

Of all people, Ron has her beaded bag.

"You gave it to me when you went to get us drinks, remember?" He says, handing its wonderful familiar weight back to her.

She doesn't but she doesn't bother to tell him that just opens the drawstrings, and there-

The knot she's had around her heart since waking up in Black House loosens slightly. Her books sit in wonderful piles, leather bindings gleaming in the weak overcast light.

"Turned out to be a lifesaver too" Harry nudges her out of her happy daze "A tent, and portable fire-"

"And socks" Ron interrupts "Who'd have thought you need that many socks."

Boys, she thinks fondly, drinking them both in in the weak sunshine.

 

***

 

She didn't tell them everything obviously. But she consoles herself with thinking that they don't need to know about the other thing. The strange Horcrux-borne attraction between her and Bellatrix doesn't need mentioning. Nor its consequences. They wouldn't understand. Especially not as she watches Luna limp around the garden in the days following, Ron always hovering closely behind. It's enough to have told them about the Horcrux and to feel the way Ronald flinches away from her now.

"You alright?" Harry nudges her and she can see he's ready to listen to her, ready to console her heartbreak. She smiles at him instead. He looks a bit disconcerted by that. She's caught that look from both of them half a dozen times these past few days. She supposes she's not who she used to be either.

"I want to help with your plan" She says instead, tucking her hair behind her ears against the sea breeze. A gull calls somewhere far above.

She sees his misgivings before she's even finished her sentence. She quickly pushes on.

"There's three left right?" She counts them off on her fingers "The cup, the diadem and the snake"

Harry nods, green eyes intent on her. She's struck once again by the feeling that he's gotten older than them. Another Dumbledore to their first year selves.

"Let me take care of the cup" She says "If anyone can impersonate her, I can. I'll take the sword and Griphook, and you can sneak into Hogwarts and get the diadem."

He frowns, but she pushes on.

"We have her wand,her hair, we have the sword, and we have Griphook" His hand is cold when she clasps it "Everyday is another day closer to him realising what you're doing Harry. Let me help you."

Harry frowns again, but she can see that she's got him.

"After this is all done" He says drumming the fingers of his free hand on the stone "We'll get rid of yours too"

She nods tightly and hates that the tears are in her eyes again. Only Harry and his goodness can do this to her now. He's always been like something out of a fairytale. A dumb boy occasionally sure, but with a whiff of King Arthur before the fall about him. She hopes the feeling in her gut is wrong. She hopes after all this is done, they cut this shard out of her together and go back to what they were.

"Careful!" Ron squeaks and Hermione looks up in time to see him catch Luna under the arms.

Well, almost to what they were.

 

***

 

Bellatrix polyjuice potion tastes like wildflowers and honey to Hermione. There's only the faintest hint of bitterness. Like sour almonds lingering on the tongue. She makes herself shudder extra hard for the others benefit. Ron still looks dubious. He's holding Luna's hand. Only Harry doesn't betray any emotions. The three of them are dressed in Snatcher robes, and have altered their appearances by magic. Nothing that would fool a Death Eater, but enough to pass through Hogsmeade and into the Hog's Head.

Griphook stands a little apart from them watching the sea. She's never spoken at length to a goblin. Their conversations about plans, and dragons, and cart manual overwrites have been stilted and kind of awkward. 

After her skin has at last stopped rippling, Hermione smooths her hands down her skirt. She'd taken some of Fleur's clothes and spelled them black. It's a very tame outfit by Bellatrix standards, but it's the best she can do. It was stranger how well Bellatrix's stolen wand worked for her. Like an extension of her arm. She wonders if Bellatrix can feel her through the wand. She wonders if she went back to Rodolphus like she promised. She presses one hand against her nape. She's sweating.

"Alright?" Harry asks, disguised face beginning to frown.

"Yes" Hermione answers, and feels Bellatrix's arch voice vibrating through her.

Harry nods tightly. "Good luck then. See you at Hogwarts" He turns and with a pop he's gone. Ron manages a half smile and an limp wave, and then he too is gone. Luna watches her for a little bit longer. 

"What?" Hermione finally snaps. 

Luna doesn't flinch. Her pale blue eyes just keep resting on Hermione. There's still an ugly bruise near her temple, that even the disguise hasn't fully covered.

"Be careful Hermione" She finally says "Don't let her eat you up"

When Luna finally leaves her alone with the wind, only then does Hermione let herself tremble. Too late, Luna she thinks too late, too late, too late. She had no idea, no idea how it would feel-

Bellatrix's body is pure power.

Hermione's never experienced anything like it. Her very hair feels charged and pulsing with barely contained magic. Is this how Bellatrix feels all the time? How doesn't she go insane? Hermione clenches and unclenches her fingers, feeling Bellatrix's long nails cut into her palm. It helps her focus a little. She could do anything- she could shatter Shell Cottage itself just with a flick of her hand-

"Are you ready Miss Granger?" She looks down to Griphook watching her sharply. She bites her lip, feeling her teeth cut through the flesh.

"Yes." She tastes the metal of her blood. Licks her lips. Looks to the distant wave-capped horizon.

"Let's go rob Gringotts."


Diagon Alley has changed.

Aside from the posters plastering every available surface (Undesirable No. 1, Harry's face bliking sheepishly at her) the whole place has gotten a dank, subterreanean feel. It's as if they've taken the shopping arcade of her childhood, full of happy bright memories, and plunged it into the deep ocean. A few people nod to her. Fewer still mumble a good day. No one questions Griphook by her side. She touches the beaded bag again. She's looped it around the thin belt she's used to give Felur's dress more shape. Soon she'll have time to read her books. Soon she'll extract Bellatrix's soul fragment like a splinter from a wound. Soon.

She flexes her fingers again. A toothless snatcher nods to her in front of Flourish & Blott's. Behind him are a woman and her two children. The children are huddled close to their mother. The witch is trembling. She could pull out all the blood from his body. She could turn his skin inside out. She breathes out through her nose and makes herself nod back.

Gringott's comes into sight slowly. Even the bank's white walls look grimy in the rainy London spring day.

She reads the inscription warning thieves waiting for the fear to hit her. It doesn't. All she feels is Bellatrix's power, humming under her skin, just daring anyone to attack her.

"I want to access my vault" She says to the goblin at the desk as snottily as she can. She has to bite her tongue not to add 'please'. 

The goblin is old, and he peers at her a moment, dislike evident in his beady eyes. Then his eyes drop to Griphook.

"He's in my service" Hermione supplies before he can ask " He will be assisting me in my vault today"

Slowly the goblin nods. Hermione fights not to show her relief on her face. He waves for a cart to be readied.

 

***

 

They pass through the maze of tracks unquestioned and unmolested. Once, a shower of something that feels like water pours over them, but when Hermione checks herself she's dry and still in Bellatrix's shape. 

The Lestrange vault is a monument to years of conspicious consumption, but Hermione expected nothing less. Griphook and her step inside quickly. He's looking at her, not at the fabulous wealth all around them. She supposes he must be used to it, but she sweats under his gaze nonetheless. Can goblins see things humans don't? Like how well she feels in this body - how it feels like slipping into a glove? Or perhaps the shock of how many vaulted rooms there are is showing on her face. How many gliterring chests and piles of gold can a solitary couple own? There's a whole section just devoted to books. Hermione runs her hands along the gold inlaid spines and tries not to think if we lose at least these will be mine to read.

Her and Griphook comb through the Black family's ancestral wealth one room at a time. She hears him muttering darkly every time he finds something Goblin-made. She thinks about the sword in her bag, and Harry's whispered instructions not to give it to Griphook until all the Horcruxes were gone.

Finally, in the eighth room, they find it. It's perched atop a set of Regency living room furniture. There's real Hornback tooth ivory inlaid into the wood. Griphook is just about to reach out and touch it when Hermione stops him. 

"Let's just destroy it" She whispers "There might be a curse on it"

He turns to look at her. "You're planning to trick me" He finally says, long fingertips still poised over the curved metal "You and Mr Potter"

Hermione considers lying but finds she's already nodding. "Yes" she swallows "But if we destroy this cup, I won't"

She reaches into the belt at her waist, eyes on Griphook all the time. "Here" She says and feels his leathery fingers close over the ruby grip and her hand. "Together"

Griphook nods. 

***

The weak sunlight outside Gringotts feels surreal. Hermione keeps blinking, knowing she should move but taking another deep breath instead. They did it. Another thread anchoring Voldemort to life is gone. Griphook is already out of sight, sword wrapped in a thick leather pouch he'd produced from nowhere. Hermione wonders what she's going to tell Harry. She looks at Bellatrix's long nails some more.

The ruins of the cup are stowed safely in her beaded bag. Helga Hufflepuff, in Hermione's mind at least, always seemed like a kind and talented witch. Hermione hopes that once this is done the cup can be restored and returned to Hogwarts. She hopes everything that was damaged by Voldemort and his cronies can be repaired. She'd like to go back to the school one day.

She runs the sharp nail of her index finger along the soft pad of her thumb again, considering the fingers that have been inside her. How slight they are. She turns her hand over.

And keeps looking. Something niggles at her.

"It should have worn off by now" She says out loud. A few people hurry a little faster past her.

Sluggishly, she does the mental math. She took one lot of the potion this morning. She has another dose in a tiny bottle also tied to her belt. By the sun, it must be well after midday. She hasn't taken her second dose. Yet when she looks in the warped glass shop window closest to her, it's still Bellatrix blinking back.

Heart beginning to beat faster, Hermione makes herself start walking down the street. The thin stream of afternoon shoppers part before her. She catches a woman staring at her with pure hatred. It makes her panicked heart pound even more, and she's flicked her hand before she knows it. The woman's face crumples and Hermione spots the beginning of a heavy nosebleed, something settling with satisfaction in her chest-

Oh no - she forces herself to breathe and count her steps. The panic has a curious effect on the magic coiled inside this body. Hermione feels like she could really hurt someone. Feels like she's on the wrong side of a bottle of Fire Whiskey. Feels like she'd like to bite down on something and not let go.

It's not until she's out of the Leaky Cauldron and on the muggle high street that she walks a little slower. The next part of the plan was meant to be apparating to Hogsmeade and catching up with Harry, Ron and Luna. But no one would show her the way to those three the way she currently looked. 

Just have to wait for it to wear off ... however long that's going to take.

But what if... she touches the bag at her side again. But maybe this is the perfect opportunity. She does want, no need, to read them. Her books. Her salvation. Always, all her life they'd helped her, and they'd save her now. She knows it.

A fierce longing for her usual perch in the Hogwarts library hits her. She needs to find somewhere to read. She can't very well go to a muggle park or library. The second someone sees her pulling a full book out of a party clutch she's done for. Shell Cottage is also out. They snuck out without Bill or Fleur's knowledge of this part of the plan, so waltzing back as Bellatrix Lestrange will probably get her killed by Bill and every Order member on call.

She stops. 

No. She couldn't. She wouldn't dare.

 

***

 

Black House looks the same as its neighbours from the outside. A fancy London townhouse. Even the garden is just the right shade of manicured. Hermione supposes there's a charm that takes care of that. Somehow she can't picture Bellatrix getting on her knees amongst the flower beds.

She's leaning against the iron fence of the little park across the road. She's been there for the better part of an hour, first inhaling a sandwhich and a coffee from a nearby cafe, then just watching the dark windows. There had been a middle-aged business man behind her in the line for the counter. He'd made a quiet remark about her 'sensual' fashion sense then written his number on her take-away cup. Hermione had been so stunned that she'd given her parent's old landline when he asked for hers. She didn't think stuff like that really happened outside of trashy romances. She'd eyed Bellatrix's reflection in parked cars on her way to the park and supposed that to some people they did.

The house looks smaller than she remembers. She cranes her neck and tries to see if her pigeons are still squatting on the roof. But no luck from down here. Her plan is flimsy at best and she knows it. It's built on a lot of ifs and whats. Bellatrix hasn't been home in months, that much she's nearly sure of. Pentus is still at Malfoy Manor too. That leaves Rodolphus and-

The front door opens and she sees Rodolphus' tall figure briefly before he apparates away. She'd guessed right. He must have been home for lunch. Alright. Hermione clenches her teeth. All she needs is a few hours of undisturbed reading.

Time to stop being a coward.

 

***

 

The front door creaks when it swings open. Hermione had expected to need something more complicated than a simple Alohomora, but maybe the house recognised Bellatrix's wand, and let her off easy. Nothing much has changed since she last visited. A few candles burn dangerously low in their holders, but otherwise the place is unchanged.

"Hello?" She takes a step into the dim entrance hall. Nothing moves. No Pentus and no Bellatrix. Right.

She sets herself up in Bellatrix's study. It's neater than she's ever seen it. No powderd potion ingredients are on the floor. All of Bellatrix's papers are neatly stacked on the edge of the desk. A fine layer of dust covers everything. It loosens something in her stomach to know that Bellatrix hasn't been home. Hasn't been in her husband's arms. For a moment, she sees herself as she last was in this room. Unsure and full of it, and starting to realise that there'd be no easy way out of this one. She feels a lot older than whoever that girl was.

A lone bone hairpin rests on top of a pile of unfinished correspondence. It's shaped like the skull of a bird, and there's something just so completeley Bellatrix about it, that Hermione's laughing before she realises it. Her laughter turns into sobs and it sounds very lonely in the quiet house.

She sets out the books she wants to read once she's got herself under control. Right.

 

***

 

It hits her like a clear bell ringing three hours into the reading.

She'd prioritised five of the more disturbing books, full of illustrations that she tried to spend as little time as possible examining. She'd laid her old school notebook on the table, wishing just a little for the blue one left behind at Malfoy Manor. She'd even made herself a cup of tea.

It's embarrasing really. She could have gotten there herself. She didn't need these books. All the months she'd spent wallowing, having lessons with Draco Malfoy of all people, putting the boys in danger when the answer was just here, sitting dormant in her memory.

The way to break any enchanment, ancient or modern, she thinks, almolst hearing Professor McGonagall's lilting Scottish accent, is the application of sudden force or time. The object must be seperated from the spell or curse acted on it. It is one of the elementary laws of spellwork.

In other words, to get rid of the Horcrux, she's going to have to, at least temporarily, die.

She leans back into Bellatrix's writing chair, letting the revelation wash over her. All these months, all she needed to do was to remember a very basic lesson McGonagall had given them in third year for Merlin's sake-

How am I going to do it?

Hermione closes her eyes. She can't believe she's even contemplating this. Death. For Merlin's sake. Temporary death she reminds herself firmly. A new start. A way to get back to Harry and Ron-

Bellatrix's potion room is not as well stocked as the Malfoy dungeons but it has plenty of options.

Crushed Roasary Peas with an infusion of dried bezoar, she decides. The abrin in the seeds will stop her heart, but the bezoar should bring her back before she gets any brain damage. It won't be comfortable, but at least she won't throw up everywhere like with Nightshade. Plus she can brew it into a tea with honey so it won't taste too strongly of goat.

She sits in the middle of the study with her steaming cup. She's piled pillows from the sofa around her. Bellatrix's hairpin is holding her hair back from her face. She's locked the doors to the study, once with magic and once with the deadbolt that did nothing against Rodolphus and his pals last time. She has plenty of time until the Ministry closes for the day but she wants to be sure.There's also a web of pretty nasty intruder charms aimed at him clustered around the study. Hermione plans on leaving those once she's done. 

The cup is from Bellatrix's usual antique tea service. It's delicate and painted with blue ink. There's enough mistakes in the little moving birds that Hermione knows it was done by hand. She blows on her death. In the oval surface she sees Bellatrix's face. Hopefully this will take care of that too. She takes one last look around the study, at the familar book spines and at the window. She remembers Bellatrix outlined by the sun. She wonders if it will tug on her heart the same way once she wakes up.

She drinks her tea in one long sip.

At first nothing happens. She's burnt her tongue on the hot liquid and her heart is beating hard.

She sets down the tea cup and saucer. She can't seem to aling the cup with the saucer. There's a raised lip of porcelain, where the cup is obviously meant to sit, where she's placed thousands of cups before. Hermione lines it up again, and licks her lips. They're awfully dry, almost chapped. Bellatrix should invest in a lip balm instead of all that lipstick. This time she misses the saucer completley and the cup rolls away from her. She lets it. 

She swears she can hear someone screaming. Even though she's sitting still, she can feel the wind on her face, as if she was rushing very fast. Her heart beats harder.

Now the screaming is nearly hurts her ears. Her heart feels like it's about to hammer its way out of her chest. Her ears keep popping and her whole mouth is dry. The room tilts, and a she remembers to be glad she thought of cushioning because cracking her head open would be one way to end it. Clever Hermione, her Dad's smiling voice says from far away, always thinking ahead-

Her head doesn't hit the pillow. It hits soft dirt and grass. She knows she's in the meadow before she opens her eyes. It's twilight. Her favourite time. A white pair of butterflies circle lazily in the darkening air above her. A pair of lovers Hermione thinks dreamily, just like-

"What are you doing?" The thin face of a dark haired girl comes into view above her. Her lips are pulled back in a snarl. "What in Merlin's name do you think you're doing?"

She blinks. The face shifts. Bellatrix looks down at her. Hermione has never seen that expression on her face before. It's pain she realises after a dreamy moment.

Bellatrix shakes her. Hermione coughs. Her whole mouth seems to be full of foul goat-tasting powder-

"No" she croaks and promptly begins to cough harder. Her tongue is burnt. She tries to roll away from Bellatrix but the other woman has her in a vice grip. She didn't die, the Horcrux is still there camping out next to her heart, "No" she coughs again, and struggles out of Bellatrix's arms successfully this time.

Her sleeves are too short and Hermione sees her bare feet slipping out of Fleur's black slippers and understands before she spots the MUDBLOOD carved into her arm that she's herself again. Bellatrix is kneeling on the study floor. There's pillows all around her and she's breathing hard and staring at Hermione. "I didn't die"

Bellatrix snarls low in her throat. Her knuckes go white.

"No. You're not dead."

She crawls forward like a cat, and pins Hermione  by degrees to the floor. "I didn't release you for this" She hisses. Hermione feels her knees coming to rest on either side of her waist. Bellatrix's thumbs are pushing into her wrists. Her face is much too close. "I didn't-" Hermione manages thickly. Her whole body wants to arch up. "I didn't lose my position, my husband's trust and the Dark Lord's favour for you to-"

Hermione cranes her neck up and smashes their lips together. 

It takes a moment before Bellatrix responds. She pushes her tongue in Hermione's mouth. Her hands release her wrists and begins frantically to pull off the loose clothes of her disguise. The belt stops her. With the dress is shoved down around her waist Bellatrix palms and pinches her breasts before raking her nails down and scratching the skin over her ribs. Hermione moans and pulls Bellatrix's hips closer to where she needs it, where she's needed it for weeks-

With a pop she pulls out of the kiss and scrambles backwards. Bellatrix's nails have scratched red marks into her torso and her lips feel puffy already. 

"Shit" she hisses, trying to pull up the loose dress to cover herself. Bellatrix just watches her. Her lips are red. She tortured Luna last week. Her silver knife pierced Dobby's chest. "Shit" Hermione says again.

Bellatrix opens her mouth to speak and then winces. Her sleeves are wide and trailing today, so it takes no effort at all to push one up and there- 

The skull of her Dark Mark is as black as Hermione's ever seen it. It's almost pulsating off the pale skin of her arm. Against her better judgement, Hermione releases the front of her dress, feeling the fabric fall away from her chest, and reaches towards Bellatrix, hovers her open palm above the tattoo, feeling, incredibly, the heat pouring from it-

"My loyal followers" Voldemort's voice booming through the house makes them both jump. Hermione pulls back her hand. "Potter's time has come to make his final stand. Join me at the Forbidden Forest and let us fight for a new Golden Age of magic." 

Hermione and Bellatrix stare at each other a moment. Then they both lunge for Bellatrix's wand, discarded at beside the empty blue china cup. Feeling her hand close around the curved wood, Hermione tenses to roll backwards, but Bellatrix's teeth come down on her wrist. Hard. She screams and drops the wand. Bellatrix scrambles back, rights herself and points her curved wand down at Hermione.

"Oh no you don't" She says, breathing hard "You're going to stay here, safe and out of the way"

There's something manic in her eye that Hermione hasn't seen in a long time. She holds up both hands, as if to a wild and dangerous animal. 

Bellatrix makes a few complicated motions and to her horror, Hermione sees a bright circle flare up, then disappear, around her feet.

"If I kill Potter he'll allow me to keep you" Bellatrix says, pleadingly as if Hermione was being unreasonable "I have to keep you pet. Don't you see? I can't live without you. I've tried these past few weeks you see" Bellatrix's eyes glitter "You have no idea how many times I nearly came to that pathetic cottage and just snatched you away" 

Something lead-like settles in Hermione's stomach "Please don't do this" She begs "We can leave- we can leave and never come back-"

"And feel that today"Bellatrix's eyes flit to the tea cup "Without warning"

She closes her eyes. She looks like she's trying to bring herself back under control. Finally she opens her eyes again, and some of their usual coolness has returned. There's a new flatness to her voice at least.

"No. You're better off with me in the Dark Lord's new world" She nods, more to herself than Hermione "I'll keep you safe. I'll kill anyone who tries to hurt you."

And then she's gone.


The spell is a good one. It's the best one Hermione's ever seen in fact. She pushes against it's invisible borders for the better part of an hour without detecting any sign of weakness in the fabric of the magical cage. She feels like last years Hermione again. Trapped in Black House with no way out.

And Bellatrix's words eat at her. She thinks they might gnaw a space clean through her chest at this rate.

She's lost it again. a shrill part of Hermione all but yells. The murderous psychopath has lost it again, surprise surprise!

But a Horcrux resting in her knows that's not true. That's the dangerous part. She's frightened by Bellatrix's promises yes. But also flattered. She thinks about her life in Voldemort's new world. As Bellatrix's mistress, or her pet.. or whatever and a part of her wants it. Wants the pleasure and the mindlessness that will come with it. No more worrying about saving the world. No more responsibilities. Just Bellatrix and her mouth and her love and her sweet dark laugh. The want of it makes her burn with shame.

The door to the study creaks. Hermione freezes. The sun's barely down, Rodolphus should be in the Forbidden Forest- no one should-

Griphook opens the door. For a moment she can only stare at him "What-"

"I've watched you these past few days Miss Granger" He says without preamble, eyeing the room darkly "Your wizard friends are blind to subtler magic but I could see it like a stain."

Hermione stills "I'm on Harry's side. I'd never do anything to jeopardise his fight against He-Who-Will-Not-Be-Named" She feels herself shaking with the truth of it. And just like that, the possibility of the other world where she lived as something secondary to Bellatrix melts away.

Griphook watches her. "You honoured Mr Potter's promise"

"Harry would have done the same once the war was done" She replies quickly. Harry who could be facing Voldemort right now. She thinks again of the sharp teeth, the cruel fingernail absent-mindedly stroking the strange wand. Something plummets in her stomach. She should be there. He can't go into his final battle with only Ron and Luna of all people.

"Nevertheless, you honoured it when it was promised" Griphook scuffs the edge of his shoe along the edge of Bellatrix's spell. "And in return I'll do something for you"

Griphook holds up a single gnarled finger. For a moment nothing happens. Then, the circle flares and burns, leaving nothing but a faint line of ash on the carpet. 

"How-" Hermione says stumbling out of the ring "How long were you following me?"

"Since Diagon Alley" He answers "You should have never gotten through the Thief's Waterfall with your disguise in tact. That's when I knew true Dark Magic was at play"

"Everyone always underestimates non-Wizard magic" Hermione mutters and Griphook inclines his head. She sticks her hand out. After a moment Griphook takes it. "Thank you" She says, wishing she had something more articulate to say, something to better convey how this unexpected act has touched her.

"I'm going to Hogwarts" Hermione adds after a long moment "To fight. Will you come?"

"Us goblins have no part in your wizarding affairs" He releases Hermione's hand, and clicks his fingers. With a huff a merry little green fire bursts into being in the empty fireplace "But you have my full hope behind you. You, like Mr Potter, are not like others of your kind. I hope you find a cure to this thing that has captured you"

Hermione steps towards the green fire.

"I hope so too" she says quietly.

 

***

 

The castle is already under attack when she lands in the Gryffindor common room's fireplace.

It's taken longer than she'd like. She had to tear upstairs to her old attic bedroom and find the sturdiest of Andromeda's old skirts, a pair of familiar woollen tights, and a vintage t-shirt she had some semblance of arm movement in. Tripping over Fleur's over-long dress mid-battle would just be her luck. It was nearing dark by the time she yelled 'Hogwarts Castle!' and narrowly avoided swallowing a mouthful of ash.

Now, a shocked Colin Creevey stares at her, arms full of Weasley Fireworks. "Hermione? We all thought you were dead!" Hermione is about to reply but another explosion shakes the walls. A few books fall out of the common room bookshelves. Colin looks to the windows nervously then nods towards the portrait hole "Come on! HQ is in the Great Hall!"

It doesn't take long to spot the Weasleys. Molly sweeps her up in a tight hug. Arthur pats her arm in an absent minded sort of way. There's a bandage around his head and blood's seeping out of it. "I've got to get back Molly" he keeps saying over his wife's protests. Ginny just looks pale, her arms folded, pacing the length of the Gryffindor table. 

"Have you heard from Harry?" She demands just as Hermione asks "Where's Harry?"

Ginny's lips thin. She looks more careworn than Hermione remembers her. 

"Death Eaters have taken the East Entrance Hall, I think that's where the main fight is at the moment" She looks to the great locked doors. "If anyone would let me fight that's where I'd be too instead of hanging around here-" Hermione ignores the rest of the sentence and runs to the other end of the hall. There's a corridor she recalls from the Marauder's Map that should lead her right through the lower courtyards and into-

She sees MacNair's ugly bald head before he sees her. She doesn't have a wand, but the castle has lost a few bricks in all the explosions.

He drops like a sack of dirt after she whacks a piece of stonework over his head. He lands on another bit of broken masonry and his neck makes a cracking noise. 

"Blimey Hermione!" She looks up to see Ron and Luna, the former's arms full of Basilisk fangs, and the latter holding a bent sapphire studded tiara. She understands nearly instantly. She steps over MacNair and into the entrance hall.

"You did it."

Ron smiles her favourite smile of his, a sort of pleased shy thing that only happens if he is really proud of something. "Yeah, I mean, someone had to step up and be the brains of the trio without you there"

"I destroyed the cup too" She says. Ron pumps a fist in the air, dropping nearly all the fangs in the process. He pulls her in for a hug, still holding one snake tooth in each hand. Hermione can feel Luna watching both of them very intently. She pushes Ron away.

"Luna found the diadem huh?" He looks at her for a moment, and Hermione tries to ingrain the moment in her memory, the last time the two of them would ever be what they once were. Then Ron turns to Luna.

"Yeah she was amazing. Me and Harry would have never known about this Helena Ravenclaw business without her, much less the Room of Requirement" Luna tilts her head down, but Hermione can see her shy smile. 

"Where is Harry?" She asks.

"No idea" Ron turns back to her " I did see Malfoy and Crabbe skulking about -"

Her stomach drops. She's afraid for both of them. Harry and Draco cannot be allowed to hurt each other.

"We have to find them" She carefully moves the teeth behind a statue. "We can take one tooth each and one extra for Harry. Best not have too many on hand in case we're beaten. Someone will have to finish it one way or the other."

"You always have good ideas" Hermione looks up with surprise. Luna squeezes her hand and helps her push the last of the teeth behind the plinth. Another explosion. A shower of dust falls from the high ceiling above them.

There's a thunderous crash outside. "I think that's the fight" Hermione says. She sprints over to MacNair and takes his wand out of his cooling hand. She tucks the tooth into her beaded bag.

"Only the snake left" She says to Ron and Luna. Ron looks at her with something like wonder. "Only the snake" he echoes.

 

***

 

The main walled yard is in chaos.

Flitwick is fighting Rodolphus, Bill and Charlie are shooting spells at a huge giant that's trying to rip down the outer stone walls, and about two dozen Hogwarts students have pitted themselves  against the hordes of snatchers pouring in through the destroyed gate.

Hermione has no time for any of that. Her eyes are on Bellatrix fiercely duelling both Lupin and Tonks in the center of the yard. Tonks' robes are singed and she's barely keeping up. 

"Bill! Charlie!" Ron is off like a shot, wand already at the ready, Luna close behind him. Hermione turns back to Bellatrix, just in time to see her shoot a jet of green light directly into her niece's chest. Remus lets out an piercing howl, and throws himself at her, throwing away his wand in the process, skin rippling into fur-

He's stopped and Hermione sees the glint of another silver knife sticking out of his chest. Briefly he whimpers, then staggers back to fall next to his wife.

Bellatrix tilts her head back, breathing in deeply, and Hermione sees the long pale collum of her neck. She looks like that when I fuck her. The thought nearly makes her physically ill.

She takes a step forward. There's an explosion behind her. An arm curves around her waist. It's so gentle that at first she doesn't even register the restraint. A wand comes to rest against her temple. She freezes.

To her left she can see Flitwick, trapped and struggling under a pile of broken stonework. The arm that holds her is gloved, and the man's chest is moving rapidly, his heart beating into Hermione's back-

Bellatrix smiles and seems to return from whatever high she was on. Her eyes open, fix on Hermione, and her face turns stony.

"Let her go" Her yell only has the edge of panic. Mostly it's the voice of a commander in full control of her troops. Hermione wonders how everyone else can keep fighting, when clearly Bellatrix's voice is louder and clearer than everything, than the war, than the castle crumbling-

"The Dark Lord has ordered her death nearly as highly as Potters" By his voice she knows Rodolphus is scowling. The same kind he used to direct at her when they'd disagree about an especially salient event of the second of the Great Goblin Wars over dessert.

"Liar!" Bellatrix counters, Hermione can see her scanning the field, she's working out a plan-

"You know the Dark Lord despises romantic attachement" Rodolphus continues "Your weakness for her has been noted. Remember our dear friend Snape."

For the first time something like panic creeps into Bellatrix's eyes. "It's not the same."

"It's exactly the same" Rodolphus' hand at her waist creeps up and closes around her neck. It's cool agaist her skin. "And Lily Potter's quick death was a mercy for a service rendered. You have done no such favour. Unless you're still hoping to kill the Potter boy?"

Bellatrix draws herself up proudly. Suddenly Hermione sees all her hope for their future. A future which is impossible and always was. Rodolphus sees it too. He laughs. It rumbles into Hermione's back.

"It won't do you any good. He wants to kill the boy himself you know that Bellatrix" Rodolphus' voice is mollyfying "Just close your eyes if it bothers you that much. It'll only be a moment. Like shooting a deer in the spring."

His stubbled cheek touches Hermione's. He angles her head back, and brushes his lips the edge of her mouth. His breath is warm and smells faintly of fire-whiskey. His eyes remain fixed on Bellatrix.

"I will do this for you my love" He says softly enough that goosebumps rise on the back of Hermione's neck.

Bellatrix blinks. Something seems to happen to her face. A transformation. Like she's surrendered to something that she's fought a long and bitter battle against. Then she closes her eyes.

Hermione gulps. Something clenches in her chest. This is heartbreak. This is pain. She closes her eyes too.

For a moment nothing happens. Rodolphus breathes, the sound of the battle continues, but far away now, like she's hearing it through a thick wall of water. The only real things are the three of them, each waiting quietly on a battlefield. Then Rodolphus breathes in "Avada Krevad-"

Something knocks into Hermione. A warm rush of liquid spills over her shoulder. There's a squeezing sensation, and then silence. A bird calls.

 

 ***

 

Someone is breathing much too quickly.

Hermione opens her eyes and finds Bellatrix, half across her body, eyes intent on her face. Blood is flowing in a steady trickle from her nose. It hits Hermione's cheek in steady droplets.

"Hey" She angles them so Bellatrix is in her arms. She's freezing. Hermione rubs her hands up and down her arms. Her eyes still haven't left Hermione's face. "Hey-" Hermione begins again.

There's a groan a few feet away from them. Bellatrix tenses and rolls away from Hermione. She pushes herself up on her elbows, holding a placating hand on Hermione's shoulder to stop her from doing the same. Hermione cranes her neck and sees Rodolphus, smoking slightly from his singed robes, getting to his feet a meter away from them. The grass around him is flattened, like had fallen with great force. Or was pushed.

"What-" He begins, holding his wand tightly and touching the blood at his hairline. He looks up.

Bellatrix raises her wand. She finally manages to get to her feet. It looks like it takes some effort.

Rodolphus looks around. The meadow is quiet in the gloaming of the day. The grass sways around them in a nearly undetectable breeze. Moths are on the wing and  a few scattered crickets have just begun their monotone chirp. It's very quiet after the roar of the battle.

"Here?" He says finally. Bellatrix's hand convulses on Hermione's clavicle. Then Rodolphus begins to laugh. It echoes in the quiet of the clearing.

"Oh this is rich Bella" He snorts after another moment.

His laughter stops just as suddenly as it started. Even his smile falls away like a mask. "Is this were this little romance developed? Did you tell your little mudblood about dear Dad's hunting cabin by the river?"

Bellatrix snarls. But she doesn't strike Rodolphus. Hermione wonders if he can see every part of his wife is coiling, tensing. If he does, he doesn't seem to care.

"Poor little Bella, never the favourite like Narcissa, but good enough for the occassional-"

"Enough" Bellatrix growls. "You know nothing about it. Nothing."

Rodolphus points his wand lazily at Hermione. "And she does? Did you tell your little mudblood all your deepest, darkest secrets my love?"

He seems to catch something in Bellatrix's expression. This time Rodolphus' laugh is hollow.

"Thought not"

There's a tense moment of silence. Hermione wonders if she can prise MacNair's wand out of the waistband of her skirt without either of them noticing. It seems unlikely, but she shifts anyway, smoothing one hand up the length of her skirt, and pushing herself into a low half-crouch.

Rodolphus lowers his wand.

"She's going to die Bellatrix" He finally says, and for the first time Hermione hears a note of pleading in his voice "Either by my hand or by someone else's"

Bellatrix shakes her head. There's a childish stubborness to it. "She won't"

"And you" For the first time Hermione sees the full measure of his hate for her. For everything she is - from the contaminated blood he believes flows through her veins, to the countless opinions she's voiced to him over last years dinners. She's impressed with how well he's hidden it all these months. "My wife seems to be stupid enough to think you'd turn your back on Potter, but I don't believe it for a single minute."

Bellatrix lowers her wand too. Her breathing has a funny rattle to it now. Hermione longs to check her over, perhaps there's a grievous wound hiding under all the layers of expensive fabrics, or under all that unbrushed hair-

Bellatrix half turns to her. Rodolphus' question plays in her eyes. Hermione gulps. She should lie. It would be easy and safe, and anything else would be incredibly, outrageously stupid-

"I wouldn't" She says, very quietly "I love Harry"

Bellatrix closes her eyes. The skin of her face has taken on a waxy pallor that Hermione would worry about, but for now she has to soothe the more obvious wound, because every truth has two faces, and Bellatrix must know, Hermione can't let her live for even a single minute thinking-

"I love you too" She says hastily realising that this isn't a lie either "But I couldn't do that- you know I couldn't-"

"Let us finish this Bellatrix" Rodolphus begs, taking a tentative step forward "This was a mistake. Nothing more. None of this has to leave this place."

He still doesn't know about the Horcrux Hermione thinks vaguely. Or perhaps he does. It's gone beyond keeping half of Bellatrix's soul somehow. Hermione tries to remember how long ago it stopped being that simple. How long ago she stopped being a vessel and turned into a keeper, a guardian over something strange and dark and precious. Something she would be loath to destroy. Something she couldn't hurt if she bent all her will to it. Her false suicide had only ever been a way of opening a cage, and attempting to coax whatever lived there out into freedom.

Bellatrix takes a sharp breath in, then stumbles. Her left ear has started bleeding. Something's happening Hermione thinks and stops to wonder at the thought. Something happened. A hand with chipped nail polish on a wrought iron fence. Bellatrix, coin-like profile framed by the golden hour sun, turns to her in her study. Two white butterflies float against a winter sky. Something's happening.

"Bellatrix!" Rodolphus makes as if to reach for her, but Bellatrix levels her wand again. Her hand shakes.

"No" She says, and Hermione wonders how she remains upright. "No." She repeats, a little stronger, and the next moments happen as if in slow motion. There's a flash of green and Rodolphus drops, still reaching for his wife, surprise etched on his face. Hermione only has a fraction of a second to understand this, before Bellatrix starts falling too.

Hermione catches her waist, and bears her down to the grass. It's damp she thinks and wishes she had a cloak or something to rest Bellatrix's head on. She angles her head to look at where Rodolphus has fallen-

"Uh-" Bellatrix's eyes are wide with fear. Heart hammering in her ears, Hermione abandons all thoughts of leaving her. Even for her comfort. 

Remorse, she thinks. A horcrux can be undone, but only with remorse. Sometimes it kills the wizard. Sometimes they live.

Hermione arranges Bellatrix in her arms. Her body is pliant. She settles down next to her, pulling her arms around her shoulders then resting her own around the familiar corseted waist. She looks into the blackness of Bellatrix's eyes. Traces the familiar features.

"You can do this" she whispers. Bellatrix is the most powerful witch she knows. She's the best and the worst person Hermione has ever met. If anyone can do this she can. She must.

Bellatrix wets her lips. She begins to speak but only a croak comes out. She closes her eyes, a little line appearing between her eyebrows. She opens her eyes. The capillaries are too big. Under Hermione's gaze one bursts and fills Bellatrix's right eye with blood. 

"Huh-" She croaks again. Her throat works and she gulps again like she's choking. Hermione, panicking, clutches along her back, perhaps has something stabbed her after all, but it all feels fine, the smooth familiar shoulderblades, the thin arms, everything feels just the same as always so why-

"H- Hermione." Bellatrix manages finally and Hermione sees with horror that her mouth is full of blood too. Bellatrix leans forward and kisses Hermione, very gently and very chastly. Her breath is warm. They both keep their eyes open.

Hermione sees the exact moment when she dies.

She pulls back from the kiss. Bellatrix is still looking at her but there's nothing behind her eyes. No love, no malice, no clever laughter. Nothing. Hermione kisses her again. On the lips. On her sharp cheeks. On her brow. She pinches her hip. "Bellatrix!"

Kisses her again.

Then she just looks at her.

 

***

 

Hermione doesn't know how long she remains there. At some point she remembers to close Bellatrix's eyes. The blood drips into a pool under her right cheek. One streak from her eye, one from her mouth. Blood in the mouth means something happened to her heart Hermione thinks. She thinks she cries too but she can't remember. It's only dawn, pale and pink, that rouses her at last. She sits up. Bellatrix's arms fall away from her. 

The meadow is pretty in the early morning too. She looks up at the thin moon. She doesn't try to guess where she is.

Slowly and painfully she collects sticks and branches from the enclosing forest. She makes as good a pyre as she can. She understands Harry wanting to bury Dobby without magic now. She wraps Bellatrix in her cloak and levitates her on the pile. She leaves Rodolphus where he is. Let the insects have him. Let him rot and feed Bellatrix's blue haven of flowers. It shocks her how slight the other woman is. She always seemed like a unmovable prescence.

She means to burn Bellatrix with her wand, but Macnair's wand won't produce so much as a spark for her. She takes the hooked wand carefully out of Bellatrix's folded hands, feeling the warm rush of connection. Something near her chest twinges. The Horcrux-

'Still here mudbaby' 

The quiet voice shocks her so much she steps back, stumbles, and lands smack on her rear in the dew-wet grass. 

"Bellatrix?" She asks looking around the gloomy meadow, all senses on high alert, because it couldn't be right, she didn't just hear- 

'What's the use of dying of remorse if you don't even let my soul go Hermione?'

Bellatrix's voice, and it's her, there's no faking that fancy Pureblood accent, is full of her usual derisive darkness. The only thing missing is a cauldron bubbling between them.

"I don't-" Hermione answers, feeling tears welling up again. She'll die of dehydration at this rate. Human beings can't be made to weep this much "I don't know how to."

'Then it's worse than I guessed pet'

Hermione starts to cry in earnest at the familiar endearment. 

'Go ahead'  Bellatrix says, once Hermione has gotten herself under some veneer of control 'Burn me.'

She flicks Bellatrix's wand.

The pyre catches on fire. There's a long minute where she swears she sees the distinct angles of Bellatrix's face framed by the golden glow. A black collum of smoke rises past the trees. She wonders if she should have said some words. It feels strange, a witch as powerful and distinguished as Bellatrix Black Lestrange, to be watched only by Hermione, her dead husband and the dark wall of trees. 

"I have to go back" She says to the burning outline after another long moment "Harry needs me"

'It's already happened Hermione. The Battle of Hogwarts is done.'

She wants to ask Bellatrix how she can possibly know that, but the words ring true somewhere in her heart. It's been hours. They've either killed the snake, and ended Voldemort, or they haven't. Either way Bellatrix is dead, and Hermione is so, so tired. 

She rests.

***

 

She wakes with a start. The fire is nothing but an oblong pile of smoking coals. The spring day is bright and sky a startling robin's egg blue. She's cold and stiff.

Rodolphus stares at her, milky-eyed and pale, when she toes the edge of his flung-out arm, still cradling Bellatrix's wand to her chest.

She takes one last look around then apparates home to Hogwarts.



 SEVEN YEARS LATER

***

Mrs Weasley has a knack for flooing Hermione at the worst possible times. She's in the middle of a meeting with the Trans-Atlantic Board for Magical Domestic Servants, when Molly's red head appears in her fireplace. It's an important meeting. One she's spent months setting up. If she's ever going to get them to agree on a minimum wage for house elves she needs to keep herself in their good books.

She makes shooing motions, but the Weasley matriarch has a knack for ignoring those too.

"Hermione dear, you know I wouldn't bother you usually" Hermione can almost see her twisting her hands in her apron on the other end of the fire as she tells this, frankly gigantic, fib "But it's Ginny"

It's always Ginny, Hermione thinks darkly, as she shakes hands with the Vice President after a meeting she only half-way managed to salvage.  Ginny and her bloody problems. Ginny and her bloody Guinevere-after-the-Fall-of-Camelot complex.

'Now don't be cruel Muddy'  Bellatrix's voice whispers in her ear 'You haven't exactly been a barrell of laughs these last few years either'.

"But I keep to myself!" Hermione hisses to her empty office. "Ginny is always pulling everyone into her bullshit. It hurt all of us that Harry died. Just because we didn't pop out his ruddy kid in final year, doesn't make our grief any less real"

A pinch near her temple. Hermione presses her thumb against it. Blindly she reaches into her desk. Searches amongst the miniscule glass bottles until she finds the right potion. She still brews them all herself. She knows it drives Florence, her long suffering assistant, wild. 'Taking unregulated medicinal potions daily is like... is like playing Russian Roulette with only one chamber empty!' 

With her eyes closed, she can almost see the girl's fluttering hand gesturing to accompany this lecture. Flo graduated at the top of her Beauxbatons class three years prior and thinks she knows everything. Muggle-born and deeply opinionated, she reminds Hermione sharply of how she might have turned out given better circumstances. The pain mellows after she's downed the second big glass of water out of the pitcher Flo keeps on her desk. Only then does she open her eyes.

"It's not that I'm cruel" she says out loud. These kinds of conversations are precisely why she had the office magically soundproofed last year. "I'm just tired. We're all trying to keep our head above water, and Ginny has a way of pulling us all back down"'

Bellatrix doesn't say anything to that.

"Fine." Hermione says "Fine, I will go see her but it will be the ruddy last time."

 

***

 

The address Molly's given her is in Shepherd's Bush, a half-way decent area at least, even if the overwhelmingly Australian population is a tiny bit tedious.

Hermione prefers them in their homeland. They're quieter there and less rowdy. She's been to visit her parents twice, once to lift the spell, and the other time to attend her Dad's second wedding on a historic farm in countryside Victoria. "Give us a break love" Was all he'd said at her raised eyebrows "Your mum's gallavanting all over the Pacific with that new toy boy of hers. Be happy for me." 

She'd attempted to catch up with her Mother on the same trip, but somehow their schedules hadn't managed to line up. She supposes she understands. Robbing a person of nearly two decades worth of memories and a big chunk of their personality would take some time to forgive. Even if the thief was your own flesh and blood.

In any case she's glad Ginny's partying phase seems to be done. She hates the smell of sick. 

She rings the doorbell five times, and knocks twice after a pause. She's just about to turn around and leave, when the intercom buzzes to life.

"Who is it?" Ginny's voice sounds raspy, and Hermione is forcibly taken back to Victoire's christening when Ginny had turned up, two hours late, and on a massive come down to boot.

"It's me" She says. Adding "Hermione" after a few moments of silence.

"Oh" But the door buzzes and lets Hermione in.

 

***

 

After Ginny's made tea neither of them seem to have anything to say. Hermione would ask how Ginny is except that she really doesn't care or want to hear about it.

"How's work?" Ginny breaks finally "Good" Hermione answers.

They lapse back into silence. Hermione traces the gold stars on her mug, and wonders how long she's expected to stay, and if perhaps she will be able to finish that copy of the amended rights bill tonight for Flo to send off in the morning. If only half her co-worker's wouldn't be so pig-headed about the whole business. Really, how hard would it be to pay someone a single galleon a week to essentially take care of your entire household-

"Did Mum send you?"

Hermione looks up. Ginny's brown eyes have narrowed. There doesn't seem to be anything to say to that but the truth. "Yep"

Ginny rubs her face. Her fingernails are bitten down to the quick. A muggle-style woven friendship bracelet hangs on her left wrist.

"Merlin I wish she'd stop doing that"

Ginny's annoyance at her mother she can appreciate at least. Hermione nods, looking around the small kitchenette. It's nice as far as shitty apartments go. Ginny's obviously in the middle of cleaning. A mop and a bucket of soapy water stand abandoned near the sink. There's a row of potted plants on the windowsill, and a few unmoving polaroids stuck on the fridge. Mostly of James. But there's a few of other grinning people their age that Hermione doesn't know. Muggles, by the look of them.

"She sent Lavender Brown last month"

Hermione groans, turning back to Ginny "That twat? Really Molly?"

Ginny snorts. For a moment Hermione remembers that she used to think the youngest Weasley was the tougher girl out of the two of them. It's odd to think of it now. She wonders what else has changed. 

"Remember when Ron was dating her and-" Ginny stops herself and looks up at Hermione wincing "Sorry"

"I wish that you lot would stop treating me like I'm still pining after Ron" Hermione says, but the words come out milder than she intended.

Ginny looks at her for a moment "Did you get their wedding invitation?"

"Merlin yes" Hermione rolls her eyes "Bright yellow, with a scratch card to see whether you've got an infection of Gurglewurps"

"It's Luna all over isn't it?" Ginny's grin dissolves into a honk of laughter. 

They're both quiet again after that, but the quiet has a new comfortable texture. Hermione is just sipping her tea, thinking how alright all this turned out, how Bellatrix will have no cause to lecture her on attending more social funtions when-

"So are you going?"

She blinks at Ginny "To what?"

"To my prat brother's wedding" Ginny looks at her expectantly. Hermione hadn't really thought about it. She would have probably scheduled a work trip right around then. It would certainly mean feeding more fuel to the gossip of her still being in love with Ronald. Witch Weekly certainly kept that rumour well stoked with a splashy article every other week. Skeeter's work, Hermione's sure, even if the byline always credits another reporter.

"Because we could go together if you like?" Hermione just stares at her. Ginny colours all the way to the tips of her hair. It's impressive. 

"Why?" She manages after a while.

"Mum will flip if I don't go, and if you're there it'll be like having a friend" 

Hermione frowns "You have friends"

Ginny's rolls her eyes. "Ron has friends. Loads of them for some reason. I have weird fans. He's marrying my only friend." 

Hermione shakes her head "That's not true- you have lots of -"

"Harry had friends. He had you and Ron and I was always jealous of that" Ginny looks down at her tea "Look I'm not trying to make you do anything you don't want to do. I just figured. You don't have any friends either. We can do each other this one favour"

"I suppose we can" Hermione says.

 

***

 

It turns out to be a lot more than one favour.

They go to the wedding together and it's awful, more awful and bright yellow than Hermione could have anticipated. But with Bellatrix in her ear and Ginny at her side, both making snide comments, Hermione manages not to give anyone the cold shoulder, or hex Ron into next week when he tries to kiss her at the reception for 'old times sake'.

And life has a way of continuing. She gets promoted. 'The Youngest Interspecies Relationship Minister Ever' as the Prophet takes care to point out. Underneath the giant head-line of 'Brains of the Golden Trio Scores Top Job' of course. Ginny comes over after that one with a bottle of wine, and no ear for excuses, and they end up not quite tipsy, but loose and warm, telling stories about S.P.E.W and Dobby and mostly Harry. It doesn't make her sad to talk about them for the first time in nearly a decade.

"I'm thinking of taking my Auror exams" Ginny says casually over lunch one day. Hermione looks up from the report she's approving for one of her Junior Ministers. They're sitting in her office, eating cheap, but excellent, Muggle take-out that Ginny has a knack for finding. James is stretched out on her office couch, reading a comic. They're going into town to catch a movie after lunch. Hermione knows Ginny's been playing in the semi-professional Quidditch Leauge as a Chaser, but this is a heavier step for her. Real responsibility.

"Good idea" she says, looking back down at her report. Over her glasses she sees Ginny smile.

Ginny aces the admission tests. But as the months pass and her training wears on she's tired all the time, and Hermione can tell she's stressed and over-indulging on muggle junk food. She worries about the youngest Weasley slipping back into other bad habits. Calling on Molly would feel like a betrayal. So Hermione finally offers to have her stay in her town house. "That way at least Flo can set a meal plan for both of us. She'll love that."

"You really want me to?" Ginny asks, and there's another question in there, wrapped neatly inside the words, but Hermione's been terrible since Bellatrix at working out hidden meanings. So she just says "Yes". It seems to be the right answer. Ginny's face lights up like the sun.

Bellatrix never materialises as a physical prescence in her waking hours. Sometimes Hermione wonders how she'd stay together without that dark lilting voice at the edge of her consciousness. She sits through some real nightmare meetings in her first year of her new job. Wizard-kind don't take kindly to having their privileges over other creatures questioned. It's only Bellatrix's voice, making snide observations about her opponents that keeps Hermione from bursting into angry tears every other argument. How can people be so blithely unaware?

'That's what people are Hermione' Bellatrix's voice floats to her at the edge of sleep 'Cruel and selfish'

Hermione begins to dream about kissing her in bed. The rough texture of her lace dress, the curl of her hair, her grimy teeth- all of this feels so real that one morning early on in the job Hermione seriously considers if it wouldn't be better just to go back to sleep. She wonders what this means about the Horcrux. Is it sliding deeper and deeper into my soul like a hot knife through butter? 

The next night Bellatrix slips one leg between her thighs and Hermione finds she doesn't care.

 

***

 

Ginny starts dating again.

Hermione barely registers them. A handsome South American Auror, a guy from the local pub, one of her female team mates from the league. One day Ginny comes home with a tattoo, and then another. She shows them to Hermione, defiantly almost. The first is a thin black band around her left forearm and the second the delicate outline of a small grosbeak on the curve of her freckled shoulder. Hermione doesn't ask what they mean.

But the townhouse is empty more often than not, and it's depressing to sit alone every evening with only a snide Death Eater for company. She begins to see Draco every other week again. It's a habit they picked up when she got back from her final school year abroad in Japan. They don't talk much, just wander around the Malfoy Manor grounds, Draco pointing out the odd nymph, or salamander. The whole excercise reminds her strongly of their brief bout of shared lessons. They had a brief break when Draco first met Daphne, but they've settled nicely into wedded bliss and he seems to be allowed to have friends again. 

Daphne in any case is nearing the end of her second trimester, and is slowly merging into a pitch-perfect, if mousy brown haired, copy of Narcissa. Hermione doesn't even have the heart to tease Draco about this. All she wants to do is walk through the Manor's park with him and be silent. Once he tries to get her to join him on a deer hunt. It doesn't end well. She hates the sight of death.

"Something on your mind Granger?" Hermione emerges from her thoughts and glances over to him. Draco's hair has receded somewhat with age, but he still makes a stylish picture, dressed all in white and sitting on Narcissa's antique lawn furniture in the early summer day. 

She thinks about how to answer him. Draco knows more about her than most, but there's still secrets she'll never tell him. There's certainly questions he's never asked. She noticed he's taken down teenage Bellatrix's silverpoint portrait from the upstairs hallway, but has decided not to probe that wound. Draco is allowed to move on, allowed to attempt to make a life for himself post-war, even if it is at the expense of memory.

"How's your mother?" She settles on finally, turning back to the lawn, kept perfectly by Gilly to this day.

"Well" Draco answers "She's summering in Florence this year. She says the climate does wonders for her health"

Hermione smiles. She's glad. Narcissa did not fare quite as well as her son in the years immediatley following the war. After Lucius' death she'd begun spending most of her time abroad. 'It's easier where no one knows you Miss Granger' she'd said to Hermione last time they'd spoken. Hermione knows the truth of that. It had been restful, so sublimely restful, to arrive in her quarters at the school in Kyoto. To be just another exchange student with a lot of catching up to do.

"She asked after you in her last letter" Draco adds, leaning forward and snagging a pumpkin pastie off the table "She always does"

"Hmm" Hermione says, feeling Bellatrix shift and sigh. She always gets morose when the subject of Narcissa comes up. "Tell her I asked after her as well"


"What about you Draco?" She watches him use a cream cloth napkin to dab at non-existent crumbs on his face "How are you these days?"

"Oh you know" He waves his hands vaguely "Worrying about Daphne, she's taking this pregnancy awfully hard, and just the usual. I'm thinking of expanding the company interests into Senegal"

Hermione feels her lips thin of her own accord. Draco knows how she feels about his potion supply company. It's chiefly precious wood and rare plants at the moment, but she's heard talk of him expanding into wand ingredients, even though it's a time-honoured tradition for wand makers to source their own, small-scale supply. She supposes life would just be too perfect if she agreed with everything Draco Malfoy did and thought. Still, she'll have to tell Drewell from Agricultural Acquisitions to keep an extra close eye on him for the next few months. 

"Don't scowl like that Granger" Draco scoffs "Your face will get stuck. And you know I have to keep the family pile somehow"

 

***

 

She spends the bulk of the rest of the day in her office.

Flo attempts to type memos for her in silence, but Hermione sends the girl home at midday, because at least one of them should have a life. She gets hardly anything done anyway. The Scottish business looks like it won't be blowing up in her face anytime soon. That's something. Anyone else would call that a success.

'But you're not like anyone else'

Hermione's not going to dignify that with an answer. Sure, she's more focused than some of her counterparts. Ron seems to be quite content lounging his life away on the Reserve Auror Force and helping George with Wizarding Wheezes long-awaited expansion into Hogsmeade. Luna will surely announce good news any day now. Hermione shudders to think of what they'll name their poor first-born.

At least Ginny seems to have some of her former fire back. Hermione's been hearing very impressive things about the youngest Weasley's progress since she passed her final tests and became a full fledged Auror. Mostly through Flo's smart ear to the ground, but also through her rising public profile. There was a terribly stylish capture of a ring of Voldemort loyalists in Chengdou. The papers had a field day with pictures of the youngest Weasley, hair spelled an icy blonde and still in a long evening dress, literally leaping over train carriages to catch two of the suspects. And then that trickier business of exposing an ex-pat American warlock as a serial killer in Yorkshire. That had gotten less coverage, but had impressed Hermione more. Ginny was brave, but she hadn't let her own ego get the better of her.

It would be nice to see her more though. It's a self-pitying thought, and it surprises Hermione. She knows she has many faults, but pining hasn't been one for a while. She's better off than most. A familiar image springs to her mind unbidden. Dean, naked from the waist up and chewed to hell. 'We all thought you were dead' He'd said, he'd been so scared, nothing more than a boy half out of his mind with terror, and what had she managed before he was killed? A few spluttered words. No comfort. Nothing. 

The headache starts behind her left eyebrow today. She fumbles for her bottles and finds the drawer empty. Shit, she thinks, it's been so busy she hasn't had the chance to do any brewing. She presses another finger against the nerve. You deserve this a tiny part of her whispers. They're all dead, Harry, Dean, Oliver, Fred, Tonks, Lupin - but you're still here. Even after you spread your legs for her. Even after you refused to let go of her rotten soul.

Apparating is out of the question with a migraine coming on, so Hermione has to make the long journey from her office to the communal fireplaces. She shields her eyes with the back of her hand. Light has taken on a funny pulsating quality, and she knows that this is a sign that it's going to be a really nasty one. Thankfully, the Ministry is all but deserted on the weekend. She's nearly makes it too, and is just walking across the polished marble floors of the entrance hall when-

"Hermione!"

Ginny skids out of a bright burst of green to her left. She's wearing a muddy jersey and soft rugby shorts that have also seen cleaner days. Her hair is tied in a long braid. A few fly-aways float around her face. The bridge of her nose is sunburnt, and Hermione remembers vaguely that she also received an invitation for lunch at the Burrow, she'd just forgotten it in the midst of all the other reform business. But Ginny is smiling, and it reaches all the way to her eyes. 

"I was just coming to find you" She grins apropos of nothing, and Hermione squints blearily around her headache, because she can't recall ever seeing the other woman this... exultant. Not since that last golden summer at Hogwarts, all of them together and so very determined and hopeful-

"I've just come from Mum and Dad's" The words are fast and Hermione has the distinct impression Ginny is holding her hands back from grabbing Hermione and twirling her around the marble hall. Thank Merlin for small mercies.  "They've agreed to let me have James back"

She blinks again. Ginny's bright hair flashes. The nerve behind her right eyebrow begins to throb. Her mouth is dry.

Ginny still waits expectantly. "That's- that's wonderful Ginny" Hermione finally grits out. 

Ginny's face falls a little. "I mean yeah" She says "I just- I came to tell you first because- I mean-"

A lance of pain stabs right through her eyeball. 'Hurry hurry' Bellatrix's voice croons in her ear 'This storm's coming in fast. Wouldn't want it to carry you off-'

"Look, I have to go" Hermione says, cutting both of them off. "Sorry. See you at home alright?" She throws over her shoulder. 

"Yeah" Ginny's reply is faint, but Hermione's too busy throwing powder in the flame and stepping into the licking flames-

The flash of green of floo travel is nearly unbearable. She stumbles through the living room, into her kitchen, rummaging through the cupboard, past Ginny's neatly stacked protein powders, and there. There. A small cache of bottles. She downs one in one gulp. Leans her hip against the counter and feels the intensity of the world mellow to a comfortable low hum again. Ginny's face flashes in front of her eyes.

'Not your best work muddy' Bellatrix sounds carefully neutral. It's a tone she's taken up whenever conversation veers to Ginny these past few weeks. 'I think you might have really hurt the puppy this time'

"Shit" Hermione says to the empty kitchen.

 

***

 

Ginny doesn't come home until Hermione has nearly dozed off on the couch reading reports.

The door slamming jolts her enough to let the glasses slide off her nose. Ginny seems to be set on ignoring her, shouldering off her training bag, and tip-toeing up the stairs-

"Ginny?"

The footsteps halt. Then they return. She's changed into muggle bleached jeans and a loose hoodie advertising 'The Flaming Pixies' whatever that is. It surprises Hermione not at all how easily Ginny steps between the wizarding world and the muggle world. She's certainly refused enough invitations to the pub and various social events to know that Ginny has expanded her social circle far outside their former Hogwarts classmates.

"I'm really sorry"

Ginny shrugs, toeing the carpet, and shoving her hands in her front pockets. Something in her whole attitude is so pathetic that Hermione pushes her reading glasses off her nose and sets them aside. "It was unforgivably rude of me to act the way I did."

Now Ginny tilts her head. She looks at Hermione for a long moment. Hermione wonders what she sees. "It's okay"

She throws herself down on the couch next to Hermione. "You wanna watch tee-vee?" She makes a special point of drawing out the syllables. Okay perhaps Ginny's free-falling through the muggle world more than anything, but Hermione finds the effort strangely endearing to watch.

"No" Hermione says "I want to talk about James coming back to live with you"

Ginny smiles. Then she frowns, picking at a machine-made tear in the cotton at her knee "It's a little terrifying honestly. I mean the last time I lived in close quarters with the kid it was in my childhood bedroom and Mum was always there."

"That sounds fun" Hermione quips drily.

"Oh it was a regular rave every night" Ginny grins "Probably the worst seven months of my life honestly" She looks guilt-stricken immediately. "Not because of James. I was just-"

"You were seventeen" Hermione supplies. Ginny nods.

"And Harry was dead, and everyone else was moving on with their lives and I couldn't"

Hermione stays silent watching her. Ginny has obviously needed to say this stuff for a while. A better friend would have asked her by now. But Hermione has been content to let their friendship live mostly in the present. Ginny's next words surprise her however.

"What was it like in Japan?"

"It was alright." Hermione casts her mind back to that isolating year. She doesn't think about it much if she's honest. It had felt like taking a leap and plunging into the center of her own loneliness. Her own insignificance. "Not like Hogwarts." She settles on finally "Very quiet. Very ordered. Just what I needed I think"

"I missed you"

Ginny's words are quiet, and Hermione casts a sharp glace over to her. The other girl has gone back to picking at the fraying fabric near her knee and won't meet her eye.

"I missed you too" This is a lie. She missed exactly one person. It had nearly swallowed up her entire life that year. But Ginny doesn't need to know that.

Ginny stops toying with the loose string and regards Hermione for another long moment. "Can James and I stay?"

Hermione knows she could play it dumb, ask 'what do you mean?' and let Ginny's answer give her another minute to think. But the truth is she doesn't need to think about it. As soon as the question hangs between them the bit of her that misses Harry and Ron, misses the golden warmth of their trio, clambers on top and all but shouts 'yes'. But that's not right either. Ginny is no stand-in for Ron, and despite appearances, James isn't a carbon copy of his father. They're both people Hermione likes in their own right. They have their own bright hue that they cast over her lonely life.

"Yes" She says "As long as you like"

 

***

 

It's all a bit of a panic after that.

Well, it's mostly Ginny panicking and Hermione making her calming cups of tea. She resists the urge to slip an actual soothing draught in there. Ginny has a right to her emotions.

They muck out Hermione's home office, the one that she never uses anyway, because her office at the Ministry has Flo, and better parchment, and the distant rumble of crowds to keep her out of her own head. It's a small space, only two-thirds the size of Ginny's bedroom, and they only need half a tin of navy blue paint to cover it."It's not as big as his room at Mum and Dad's" Ginny keeps saying, chewing on a strand of her hair in a way that Hermione has come to know signals another crisis. "What if he doesn't like it?"

"He'll love it" She assures Ginny as they lug another heavy cardboard box into the room. "He'll love it because he loves you" She adds as they begin the tedious process of assembling Swedish furniture. 

It's the truth. Hermione's pretty sure only his half-legendary Dad rates higher in seven-year old James Potter's mind than Ginny Weasley, Auror and regular subject of the Quidditch posters that plaster his room at the Burrow. "And anyway, he's still spending most of the day with Molly. You pick him up once work is done, and then we just have to survive dinner and breakfast before he's out of our hands again"

Ginny blows a sweaty strand of hair out of her face. "I know" She straightens and looks at Hermione over the half-assembled bed between them "That worries me too. It's not exactly a normal upbringing is it?"

"It's full of lots of people who love him” Hermione pushes one more screw in, then also sits back, reaching for the instructions, because somehow there's three more screws than there should be ”I'd say it's alright."

They make the bed with violently Chudley Channon orange sheets that Mrs Weasley sent over. Ginny balances on a chair and sticks glow-in-the-dark stars on the sloped ceiling. Hermione fills a small wooden bookshelf with boxes of books Flo had ordered at her request. Gulliver's Travels, Aesop's Fables, her own beat-up copy of The Complete Works of William Shakespeare amongst others. She wants James to be comfortable in every world he steps into. Ginny adds her own little pile, pilfered from her childhood bedroom. A wooden trunk in the corner is filled with expensive toys from the joke shop. George mailed it over. Hermione goes through each one carefully even though Ginny rolls her eyes. Luna's gift is an amulet against Thornybeasts that looks suspiciously like a raw onion. Ginny hangs it on the doorknob after they've both stopped laughing.

'It's not exactly... subtle pet'  Bellatrix remarks once they stand back and look at the day's work. The room is colourful and warm. They've added a little reading nook by the window with magic that a seven-year old Hermione would have particularly adored. Even Ginny looks pleased.

"Well we'll find out what he thinks tomorrow night" She says, and Hermione is glad that she sounds calm at least. "I mean he's seven. He can't hate it right?"

"Hmm" Hermione hums in answer to them both. She leans against the door frame, arms folded, oddly pleased herself with the little nest they've created. She doesn't remember last time she felt so satisfied with the results of any of her efforts.

Ginny seems to realise she's not going to get another answer out of her because she sighs too.

"Alright let's just call it done and order take-out"

Hermione exhales. There's the magic words she's been waiting for.

 

***

 


Some sort of tricky manouvering happened over the weekend, and by Monday morning Hermione is looking at a leadership spill when all she really wanted was to finally, finally push forward the Education Reform that would allow Goblins to once again to set up their own schools outside of the subjects of banking and arithmacy in Greater Britain. It wouldn't amount to much in the short run, but Marbeak had clear plans for the way his people might once again be allowed to rise from indentured servitude. 

Flo ignores her orders to go home this time, and it's just as well, she'd probably have been there until midnight rescheduling otherwise. As it is she manages to pack up her things at a quarter to, and arrive outside her townhouse at eight on the dot. She looks up apprehensively. The light in the kitchen and upstairs hallway are on, but none in Ginny's bedroom.

"Hello!" James is at the door a moment after she opens it. Was Harry's hair always that messy? And was he truly that skinny? The boy looks like a stiff breeze could blow him away. He takes her hand and all but drags her down the corridor. The light in the kitchen is on. Ginny sits on the counter, eating a slice of pizza and reading the latest issue of Which Broomstick. There's a dark shape at the table, but when Hermione blinks it's gone. Ginny looks up when they enter.

"Pizza's kinda cold but still edible" she says around a bite. James pulls Hermione down to join him at the table. His plate already has three chewed crusts, but he reaches for another slice anyway. Hermione's about to ask if that's a good idea when he deposits it squarely on her plate. He grins and for the first time seems a little shy. Hermione reaches to squeeze his hand. A flicker at the edge of her vision catches her eye.

Bellatrix sits opposite her.

James has returned to his comic, and Ginny still perched on the counter is reading her magazine. Hermione has a feeling neither of them could see their old mortal enemy anyway.

Bellatrix looks just like Hermione remembers her. Her hair is piled haphazardly on her head, her chest pushes against a corset at least one size too small and black lace casts floral patterns over her pale skin. She's looking at Hermione very intently, like she's trying to drink in every detail. Her eyes are black and dear. A smile plays around her mouth before she opens it.

'Hello pet'

Hermione must breathe in sharply or make some sort of noise because Ginny looks up, straight past Bellatrix, brows lowering with concern. 'Alright?'  She mouthes, eyes flicking to James, still engrossed in his reading. Hermione nods fiercely. Squeezes James' hand and feels him squeeze back.

Ginny gives Hermione another long searching look, then shrugs and returns to her reading.

Bellatrix's dark eyes still hold Hermione. She tilts her head and smiles again. She reaches one hand forward, and Hermione, under the guise of reaching for another slice of pizza, reaches forward as well. Their fingers touch.

Here it is, Hermione thinks and, feeling the sharp nails against the pads of her outstretched fingers, stops to wonder at the thought. Here it is at last. 

A room full of people she loves. A house in which she is safe. 

A home at the end of the world.

 

 

"The way down to hell is easy. The gates of black Dis stand open night and day. But to retrace one's steps and escape to the upper air - that is toil, that is labour"
