Her knuckles paled as they gripped the edge of her seat, the hat sat firmly on her head. She noticed it was a lot heavier than it appeared and as her shut her eyes she swore she could feel its awesome magic tickling her scalp. After only a few moments of sitting there the entity above her let out loud “Gryffindor” and was hastily removed from her head. Around her cheers erupted from a table filled with other children in red and gold and a warmth grew in her chest at the thought that for once there was a group who actually wanted her. With a wide grin on her face Hermione looked around at the room filled with her peers, eventually her eyes drifted to the Slytherin table where the only celebration was a forced clap. Amongst the sea of green and black Hermione noticed a bowed head, as she stared the curly mop on the girls head swung up and she met eyes with a girl who appeared to be a year or so her senior, her hair was so dark brown it appeared black and her eyes were a similar shade, so dark that you almost missed where her pupils began. They were a striking contrast to her pale, almost luminous skin and plump rosy lips. Hermione’s smile had long been forgotten and the warmth in her stomach had spread to her chest as she stood transfixed looking at sharp cheekbones and a perfect jaw, she noticed the old tattered book on the table and a flutter of excitement flushed her face. There were people here just like her, suddenly the dark eyes across the room met hers, Hermione dared a small smile, in return the stranger studied her face for a moment but lost contact as Hermione was engulfed into the large table of her new house mates.

 


Hermione woke with a start, she kept having that stupid dream of her first day, she was happy to remember joining her house, that was where she met her friends who she now considered family. But her brain decided to focus on her, soon after that day Hermione had learnt who the beautiful face belong to, she also learnt what mudblood meant. The warmth and curiosity she had initially felt had now been replaced by fear and anger whenever she saw Bellatrix black. It had been 5 years since then and Hermione had endured so much torment from Black that she could barely stomach to think about how she had gotten even more beautiful since that day, Bellatrix was now in her 6th year and had learn over time how to tame her curls into flowing ringlets that looked both wild but controlled, and her time as Slytherin’s seeker had gained her a fit and very well proportioned body. There was no logical way to deny that she was beautiful and intelligent and witty, but it was also impossible to deny the fact that she was spiteful and cruel when she was in the mood. Therefore, Hermione avoided her like dragon pox, luckily, they had no lessons together thanks to the age gap, but Black had a talent for popping up whenever Hermione was alone to make jabs at her. She had always gotten the worst of Black’s treatment since last year when Hermione had almost by chance realised that mad eye moody was not who he said he was and Dumbledore had managed to get to Harry and prevent Voldemort’s return for good, unfortunately Cedrick couldn’t be saved but the ministry, with the help of Dumbledore, were able to destroy Voldemort and all the dark magic that had been sustaining him, even finding a way to remove the part of him from Harry. There had been rumours that Black’s father had been one of the main death eaters aiding Voldemort’s return and he was swiftly sent to Azkaban and so it was only logical that Black would hate her, that and he was muggleborn, Hermione always wondered if it was that fact that made black target her over her friends, or perhaps she just sensed a weakness in Hermione and so did it for some kind of sport. Regardless Hermione didn’t let it get to her and instead got her revenge by challenging Black’s test scores every year with her own, the most gifted witch of their time was undoubtedly one of them, so the competition was quite motivating, not that she would thank Black for that. With that thought Hermione rolled over and closed her eyes in the hope the dreaded dream of dark eyes and a sculpted jaw wouldn’t come back.

 


The next week or so flew by, the beginning of the year was a blur of people asking her Ron and Harry loads of questions, they’d been nicknamed “the golden trio” after facing Voldemort over the years and finally defeating him for good and were getting used to the new level of fame. It was so busy that Hermione had forgotten all about her weird dream, that is until one evening whilst browsing the library, she turned down a random aisle and there she was, book in hand with a clam focussed expression. Before Hermione could even attempt to silently flee, the young woman before her twitched in recognition of someone’s presence and turned her head to look at her. As Bellatrix’s smirk grew, the dread in Hermione’s stomach did too. “well hello there muddy, been following me around again? And here I thought you’d grown out of that”, Hermione stared at Bellatrix’s face, ignoring the jab she had made Hermione’s mind was on her dream. This was almost like a parallel, with Bellatrix holding a book and her dark eyes examining her. Hermione noticed the candle light catching the silky curls around Bellatrix’s face and her mind flashed back to the tournament ball where Hermione had walked in with Krum and saw Bellatrix in a tight black gown, makeup sparkling in the lights around the room. The expression on Bellatrix’s face had been blank when she saw Hermione and she didn’t see her again that night. “hello?? Something on my face Granger or have you finally burnt out that pea brain of yours” the bold voice shook Hermione from her thoughts and she immediately looked down, her face flushing red. Why was this happening now, in private was tolerable but with Bellatrix Black staring down her nose at her? She must be coming down with some sort of fever causing some confusion. “whatever black” Hermione mumbled as she turned to leave, embarrassed. “Ooh come now Mudblood, whats got you all quiet, don’t tell me you’ve lost the guts for a tiny comeback, I need some entertainment in my life”, Hermione looked a little panicked, unsure what to say and now more urgently backed away. “well if you’re so shy about it why don’t I have a look, Legilimens” Bellatrix threw the curse with ease and a chuckle. Hermione tried to think of something else, anything else, potions, her books, Ron and Harry, but her mind was in panic and the thoughts came back with full force. They flicked through her head faster and faster, Bellatrix looking at her, the smell of her perfume and lavender shampoo when she had barged past her, her perfect white teeth as she laughed in Hermione’s face. Suddenly it stopped and before anything could be said Hermione ran from the library, abandoning her books and seemingly her dignity. Finally she was back in her dorm room and without a word to anyone she closed the curtains around her bed and with a silencing charm in place, began to cry.



Hey, this is my first fic so constructive criticism is appreciated but please don’t rip me to shreds (I’m a sensitive flower lol). Hope you enjoy it and if so I will do my best to upload as often as I can

The next morning Hermione groggily gained consciousness, the night before immediately replaying in her head. She groaned and for the first time in her life, debated faking an illness. Its not like they wouldn’t believe her, if Hermione Granger insisted she needed to stay in bed then chances are they would assume she was on death’s door. It was tempting but morally she couldn’t. The minute she sat up Hermione could feel the knot of fear in her stomach. I wonder how many people she’s already told, maybe she’ll tell everyone I’m gay. Hermione wasn’t sure what she was, but she was sure she’d rather keep it private. After dragging herself into her robes, Hermione went to the common room to meet Harry and Ron, could she tell them what had happened? What would they even say to it, after all they knew she’d never really had a romantic interest in any man and simply preferred them as friends, even after her slight experimentation with Krum, so maybe they had their suspicions already. The whole thing made her nauseous, it was like disaster had sent an owl to say it was on its way.

Distracted she found Harry and Ron by the fireplace “hey Mione, late night last night?” Ron asked with a cheerful grin. The colour drained from Hermione’s face “w..what?” She stuttered. 
“Well you left your books and half an essay down here, so you must have been pretty tired” he chuckled “not to worry though, me and Harry have been guarding it” Harry turned to Hermione and gave her a smile, a half written essay of his own sitting in his lap that was likely very similar to hers. She sighed in relief, not even having the thought to reprimand their plagiarism. For a moment there she thought rumour had spread from Slytherin to Gryffindor already. Quickly regaining herself she went and bent over the table to grab her things. But... she didn’t bring these back from the library with her? In fact, she’d forgotten them completely until just now. How could they have gotten to the common room when she hadn’t been with anyone in the library? Except Bellatrix of course, but how and why on earth would she return them? Hermione considered the possibility of Bellatrix somehow breaking in to drop her things off and quickly dismissed it, she wouldn’t have gotten in and even if she could she would be more likely to hex Hermione in her sleep than return her work. It must have been someone else or a house elf or maybe some oddly altruistic invisible beast that Luna had read about. Hermione made the decision to let that loose end be, since this was probably the day she was made social pariah of the year, golden trio or not.


It had been a week, a whole week of lessons, a Hogsmeade trip and even a stupid Quidditch game and there hadn’t been a whisper of anything. Not even a funny look in a girl’s bathroom or a comment behind her back. She had practically been sweating bullets all week in anticipation for what she imagined would be school wide torture. Ron and Harry had been asking her almost every day what was wrong, but she insisted it was just the work load getting to her now that it was O.W.L examinations year. This wasn’t exactly a lie, it was stressful and getting stuck in early was priority, but the real reason still had to be hidden, she wasn’t ready to have that conversation. Not yet. 
So the question was, where was Bellatrix? They usually came across each most days since Bellatrix liked her daily dose of tormenting Hermione, but suddenly it was like she’d turned to smoke. If this had of happened a year ago then Hermione would have thrown a party, but now it just put her on edge. It was mostly because of scary unknow of what Bellatrix had planned, but also it was just routine now to see Bellatrix every day, watching her swing her hair back as she sauntered away after making some remark, or seeing that bored “shoot me now” look on her face when someone made an announcement at dinner. Merlin, she had to stop paying that girl so much attention. It really wasn’t helping her case.

It had been a gruelling week, it had gotten to the point where Bellatrix’s dormmates had abandoned their shared room just to escape the wrath of her record short fuse. It had only taken a day to send the message that she didn’t want to talk about her new-found level of isolation, after that people let her be. She knew she was being stranger than usual, but she had needed time to think and in doing so had allowed a rage to grow inside her. I bet this is the mudblood finally getting her own back by playing mind games, any fool knows you can alter memories and she thinks I’ve been fooled. Bellatrix let out a huff as her cheeks burnt, so she had been fooled briefly, so she had coaxed a first year out past curfew to leave Grangers books in the common room, big deal. It wasn’t like she genuinely believed Granger really looked at her that way. No, she’d just found an unexpected angle thinking it would throw Bellatrix off and then…? And then for Bellatrix do what? Turn around and say she felt the same so Hermione could expose her in front of everyone? Bellatrix had never even hinted at such disgusting ideas. So what if she noticed that Granger wasn’t exactly ugly or dumb. It didn’t mean she liked her! Bellatrix felt a familiar niggling voice in the back of her head hinting at something otherwise, “SHUT UP” she forced through gritted teeth. The stupid know it all was going to regret making her even think about this crap. With some slammed doors and frightened peers in her wake Bellatrix stormed out of the Slytherin dorms and made her way to the 7th floor, at least there was somewhere she could cool off without actually killing anyone.

Harry’s words rang in Hermione’s head “well if she’s not on the map, where could she be?”, she had asked to look at the marauders’ map to search for Bellatrix, claiming she was heading to the library and didn’t want a run in. Harry had always insisted Hermione report Bellatrix or let them get their own back, but she always insisted she preferred to handle it herself. After another attempt to change her mind Harry had sighed and searched the map with her, where Bellatrix was nowhere to be seen. Now here Hermione was, actually looking for Bellatrix Black, she never had been patient, but this was pure insanity. It’s not even like she could get in even if Black was hiding in the room of requirement, and yet here she was sauntering about the 7th floor. Eventually Hermione walked to the large gap in the corridor wall where Harry had shown her a few times, it had never actually opened for her, but then she’d never really thought to try it alone, since she was always with the boys, and what would them three need it for? With a sigh Hermione leant back against the wall and allowed her eyes to close for a moment, she should probably get back to bed before Filch starts his rounds. She firmly pushed off the wall intending to leave, only to find the surface supporting her was no longer firm brick, but a wooden door that had unfortunately come free from its latch. Hermione’s feet caught on the lip of the door and with a wave of her arms she slumped backwards through the newly appeared hole in the wall and thumped loudly against cold hard floor. Flustered, she scrambled to her feet and quickly darted her eyes around her new environment. It was a majestic room covered floor to wall in grey marble, with a large, black fireplace roaring in the centre of the back wall. The space in the room appeared to be filled with demolished sparring dummies, bits of wood littered across the floor and small patched of burn marks blemished the marble. Suddenly movement caught her eye and out of the far dark corner of the room walked Bellatrix Black, the light of the fire showed the light layer of sweat on her face, and her hair was pulled up in a rushed bun. She was still in her uniform, but she had removed the top layers down to her shirt and loosened her tie. It looked as though she had been in a fight, as her wand was out and firmly in her grip, unfortunately for Hermione it was now pointing directly at her.
 

 

Bellatrix cackled at the sight of her, of all the cosmic jokes and this is what happens, not only for the one person she hated more than anything to turn up to a place she assumed was impenetrable, but for her to actually fall through the door. It was so funny she could just scream. It wasn’t fair that that mudblood had tried to embarrass her, tried to make her pity her or feel something. Who did that FILTH think she was. A force bubbled beneath her skin, the familiar flow of magic through her veins had turned to an angry itch. It’s why she came here, to soothe it so she didn’t kill anyone and here was Granger trying to ruin that too. She wasn’t weak, and she was going to get that through the mudblood’s thick skull. With a flick of her wand Bellatrix slammed the door behind Hermione shut, the bang of heavy wood leaving a suffocating silence in its wake.

 

Merlin, she had made a mistake, who goes looking for someone who makes their life hell, someone with a newly renewed source of information to mentally beat her with. Although, Hermione wasn’t sure that it would be verbal abuse this time, she could see a look in Bellatrix’s eyes that she had never seen anywhere. Hermione slowly allowed her wand to slide down her jumper sleeve and into her hand. She was used to the odd life or death situation, after all she was a part of the golden trio. But not like this, never alone, never in a duel with someone she knew was more skilled. She knew this because she had felt the hexes and never even heard or seen them coming, but this time was different, Bellatrix had trapped her in and was pouring all her predatory attention into Hermione. The first swipe came quickly, a practised hand slashing its weapon in the air sending a flash of red at Hermione, she threw her own wand up “protego” she belted. The block had come from a place of pure instinct, but unsure of how far that would take her Hermione started to move away from Bellatrix and further into the room. Just as Bellatrix flexed her arm to throw another spell, a rumbling caught both their attention, before either could react, sparing dummies began to flood into the space around them, creating a human shield of false wooden bodies. Bellatrix furrowed her brow at Hermione’s new entourage, even the building loved mudbloods she thought. peering around the mass looking for any openings the Slytherin began her carnage. Hermione heard “diffindo” rip from Bellatrix’s throat and watched as her oak army tore into shreds before her. Much to Bellatrix’s frustration, the chunks of wooden corpses would reform with the closest comrade to maintain the obstacle, like pulp into paper. With a scream she sent an incendio curse to the entire mutation and sent it immediately up in flames. Hermione watched helpless as the burning form suddenly turned to ash, leaving not a trace of smoke. On a desperate whim she pointed her wand at the ash and sent it flying at Bellatrix and quickly followed with an expelliarmus. Within a second Bellatrix’s wand had flown into the air and back down into Hermione’s hand.

 

They stood staring at each other, in a pressurised stalemate, the younger girl was unsure if she would be able to curse Bellatrix. But the chance never came, as Bellatrix suddenly charged and tackled her to the ground, Knocking the air from Hermione’s lungs and the wands from her hands. They both rattled off towards to wall. More silence… Bellatrix had her prey’s wrists trapped beneath her hands, their faces so close that Bellatrix could smell her. She smelt a slight woody scent mixed with vanilla, sweet but not sickly, warm and subtle. The smell made Bellatrix fill her lungs with air, she felt…better? So much so that she focused now on the girl caught under her weight, whose eyes were glazed with fearful tears that she was clearly trying hard to keep from rolling down her cheeks. Bellatrix felt a twist of something in her stomach and immediately took her hands from Hermione’s wrists, almost as though they were molten hot. The emotion in her face amplified Hermione’s eyes, they were so bright hazel, it reminded Bellatrix of the leaves that coated the school grounds in October. The twist Bellatrix had felt spread into a hot uncomfortable feeling that spread from the depths of her stomach to the back of her throat, it made her very aware of the fact that she was straddling the girl’s waist. She stood and backed up, allowing Hermione room to stand.

 

 As she sat up from her position on the floor she tried her hardest not to blink, she knew it would push the tears down her face and this had been awful enough. Once on her feet she turned her back to her attacker, a seemingly foolish move but, she knew that it was over. She quickly wiped her face and took in a deep shaky breath, she wasn’t going to give Bellatrix the satisfaction of her fear anymore. Hermione had come here looking for some form of closure, evidence that the incident in the library wasn’t some strange nightmare. It made her insides burn to think she had chosen to come here alone, knowing what it was she was intending to find. Slowly Hermione walked over to the corner of the room where their wands laid and picked them both up, listening intently for footsteps. Then she turned around and walked back until she was opposite Bellatrix again, this time a little closer than when she had first stood.

 

“what, didn’t want to lower yourself to muggle combat” Hermione spat out, “or were you worried I had an advantage”

 

“Well… I wouldn’t say that I suspected an advantage” Bellatrix replied, there was no anger in her voice now and she had adopted a more casual stance as she fiddled with her nails.

 

“What is wrong with you, really, please explain to me why one second you’re psychotic and trying to kill me inside of Hogwarts and then the next minute you’re back to your aloof annoying self” Her face was growing pink with every word she threw, how could she stand there looking almost sheepish after nearly tearing her to shreds.

 

“Look mu…Granger, I come here to avoid killing people, to unwind you know. So, imagine my surprise when someone, who I know hates me, bursts in here without warning, what else was I supposed to do? “. Bellatrix didn’t look directly at Hermione, but instead scanned the room around her. It was the easiest thing to do considering the gurgling guilt within her.

 

“hates you? You…still think I hate you?” Eyebrows raised she stared at her attacker, “so, we weren’t in the same head, in the same library? Or are all pure bloods this ignorant” she knew she was overstepping, but since this was probably the last time she would ever have Bellatrix unarmed, she might as well push her luck.

 

The pure blood glared “you mean that pathetic little attempt at tricking me, at making me pity you or something? At what point did I lead you to believe I was capable of such useless emotions.” Bellatrix wished she had her wand, that way she could leave and maybe even seal the door on her way out.

 

Initially Hermione wanted to laugh, but then she thought about it. Bellatrix really thought that the most likely explanation was a mean trick to play with her emotions? Her anger was replaced by a jolt of pity. It was easy to guess that Bellatrix probably hadn’t had loads of positive interactions with others. Considering her father and most of her friend’s parents were death eaters, life for her must have been cold… “It wasn’t a trick”. Hermione knew she was giving up her dignity to make her long-term bully feel better, but in that moment, she didn’t really care. “I was waiting for you to torture me over what you saw and tell everyone. When it didn’t happen I came looking, I guess I just wanted to know rather than keep waiting. I don’t really know why I came alone in the dark though, since I know you can be pretty ruthless, obviously…since you just tried to kill me and turned all those dummies into saw dust”. Hermione scanned the debris littered around them and looked awkwardly away from Bellatrix’s piercing gaze and terrifyingly unreadable expression.

 

Granger wasn’t as smart as her, but surely she wasn’t that stupid. She threw her mind back to the imagines she had seen of herself in the younger girl’s head, the focus that had been on her features, logically it only alluded to one thing. “So, you were just…ogling me?”

 

“ogling, I wasn’t. no NO, of course I wasn’t ogling. I was just looking at you, that’s just how I look at you. For whatever illogical and self-destructive reason. It’s not like I meant anything by it, it was you who decided to look through my head with zero warning, who even thinks to do that for no reason” growing flustered the words came tumbling out of her, she should just throw Bellatrix’s wand and run, what is wrong with her.

 

Bellatrix felt a warmth in her stomach and chose to ignore it. “Granger, you certainly get yourself into some sticky situations. So, what I read your mind, I didn’t expect to find out you were a raging pervert.” Bellatrix now had her signature smirk back on her face.

 

Hermione’s face on the other hand was now bright red and burning, she should have expecting humiliation. A naïve part of her had wondered if telling Bellatrix the truth might have revealed a hidden part of her, soften her somehow. Either she was wrong, or she wasn’t pushing enough. “I suppose that’s why you ran off and hid from me for a week then, that really makes sense”. Hermione tried her best to throw a smirk back.

 

“Maybe I didn’t want to risk you trying anything, wouldn’t want filth touching me” Bellatrix was getting heated gain. Her buttons were being pushed and she knew it, but her temper had a much more imbedded grip on her than logic.

 

“You really believe all of that pure blood rubbish? To thing we’re meant to be competing for brightest witch of our age” Hermione forced a laugh, hoping it was convincing.

 

“You’re the Mudblood with hots for a pure blood and yet I’m the one being stupid?” Bellatrix made a loud “ha” at her opponent and did so with a step forward, testing how brave Granger wanted to get.

 

Hermione tried to control her reaction to the slur, it struck her every time, less so with time but still, it always managed to upset her. “oh please, just because you’re nice to look at doesn’t mean I feel anything for you, I’d have more fun flirting with a troll.” She maintained her stance, refused to step back in fear.

 

“You are such a liar, I’ve seen inside that frizzy head of yours. If it wasn’t a trick like you claim then you must have some sort of masochistic crush on me and you are simply trying to brush it off, so I can’t use it against you. Not sure if anyone has told you this Granger but you’re as bad at lying as you are at duelling.”

 

“It wasn’t a trick but that doesn’t mean I have a weird crush on you or anything, perhaps you just want to believe I have feelings for you, that’s vain even for you Black” Controlling the colour from spreading to her cheeks was hard but Hermione produced the words smoothly.

 

“Just admit it Granger, you can’t lie to me”

 

“Why do you care anyway hm?” Granger was running out of things to say

 

“I just want you to say I’m right because I know I’m right” Her voice growing louder

 

“whatever Bellatrix believe what you want, I’m going to bed”

 

“For Merlin’s sake just admit it” Bellatrix’s train of thought was lost, all she felt was an urgent need for Hermione to admit what she felt, the desire was without logic, all she knew was that the drive for it was impossible to ignore now.

 

“what is with you” The façade of confident indifference had fallen, and she was now beginning to feel uneasy at the way Bellatrix was insisting on a confirmation on her strange attraction, that she herself was yet to figure out.

 

“Fine… I’ll prove it” Bellatrix closed the distance between them, her smooth porcelain hands moving to firmly cradle Hermione’s face. Without hesitation, she planted her lips against Hermione’s, a calming scent filling her nose once again. On instinct she aligned her body, so she was close enough to feel the warmth of the other girl without them touching beyond lips and Bellatrix’s hands, one still against a warm cheek, the other now resting on the younger girl’s shoulder.

 

Mind blank, Hermione was frozen, eyes wide she felt soft lips pressed against her own, they were warmer than she had imagined, and softer than she could have ever anticipated. For the first time ever, Hermione reacted without thought and returned the kiss, her eyes falling closed to submit to it. Her body buzzed with emotion, but her hands remained as fists around their wands, stiff at her sides. She felt Bellatrix’s hand move to her shoulder and with the increased proximity the kiss deepened, the meeting of lips now becoming faster with playful nips of teeth and swipes of shy tongues. Suddenly the hand from her face dropped and pulled her into Bellatrix by the waist. The fast union of bodies jolted Hermione’s senses and she pushed Bellatrix back by the chest, trapping Bellatrix’s wand between her palm and the older girl. They both heaved in the tense air, maintaining unbroken eye contact.

 

After what seemed like many minutes Bellatrix spoke, “told you, you like me”, it was uncharacteristically quiet. Her hand drifted up and clasped the wand held against her, her fingers brushing the edge of Hermione’s palm.

 

With the contact The Gryffindor darted her hand away, “we better get to bed” she finally averted her eyes from the witch across from her and turned towards to door. When they were through to the other side they looked once more at each other in the now dark corridor. Without words Hermione began to walk away, her heart thundering in her chest.

 

“Granger” Bellatrix whispered.

 

“yes?”

 

“Goodnight”, As soon as the word was out she turned and headed the opposite way, back towards the Slytherin dorms.

 

Hermione’s pulse was in every muscle of her body and the heat that radiated from her smiling cheeks felt capable of warming the whole castle. She watched the older girl stride away until she was no longer in sight before turning and heading to her own dorm. By the time she laid down to sleep her cheek ached from her persistent grin and her fingers lightly touched her lips as she thought back to the kiss she had shared with the older girl.

 

The room was dark, with cold green decor, a large fire was crackling at the far side of the room, making the figure before it tiny as it curled up in a grand leather arm chair. The figure was dressed in silk pyjamas and a black dressing gown and her untamed curly hair hinted to multiple attempts at sleep, yet here she was wide awake. Bellatrix stared into the flames of the Slytherin common room’s fire, a small house elf had seen her sat there and lit it for her, it reminded her of the house elves at home who has basically raised her, and it brought her a bit of comfort. It felt like it had been days since she had been in the room of requirement with her, but in fact it had only been a few hours, what was she going to do? She was the one who had kissed the other girl, so it wasn’t like she could shed the blame, and she couldn’t exactly pretend it didn’t happen, Granger wouldn’t take that lying down. Could she beg a Gryffindor to keep her secret? Fake her own death perhaps? Or…wait and see what happened next? No, she had backed herself into a corner for some stupid kiss.

 

Bellatrix sighed as her eyelids lowered shut, yet again her mind was back in the room of requirement. The heat from Hermione’s soft cheeks radiating into her palms as she pressed her rouged lips against rosy ones, the growing fear at the younger girl’s hesitation and then the blissful relief of her affections being returned. Grabbing the Gryffindor’s waist to bring her closer had all but happened without her knowledge, her body simply needed the contact, the sudden push back had brought her mind back into her head. Yet, she wasn’t angry at the rejection, she had felt breathless and shaky. She recalled turning and saying goodnight, tempted almost to turn back and kiss her again, knowing this could never happen again. All evening it had been that final thought that had kept her awake, her throat going tight with the knowledge that she would have to close off the vulnerability she had allowed out of herself. There really was no other way than to move on coldly and hope Hermione would get the message, if her family found out she would be excommunicated and left with nothing, as her eldest sister Andy was. It wasn’t as though she could send off an owl and live with her and her mudblood husband and their new offspring with that ridiculous name she struggling to place, she had found the news in a letter to her other older sister Narcissa before it was thrown on the fire and banished from mention, unlike Bellatrix she was a talent at obedience.

 

Eventually morning came, and the sleep deprived young woman was getting ready to face what was to come: the heartfelt confrontation about the previous night, the piercing look of disappointment and hurt and then the inevitable avoidance. Thoughts of curly brown hair and an intoxicating smell popped into her fatigued head, she shook them away berating herself, the kiss was a strange whim after all the adrenaline and she was stupid to be having such thoughts. With a final stern look at herself in the bathroom mirror, Bellatrix Black left the Slytherin dormitories, her usual mask of indifference and spite set perfectly on her face.

 

Elsewhere in the grand hall sat Hermione, face fresh and content as she sat across from Harry and Ron, they were talking about the previous year. Hermione had gone to simply speak to Professor Moody, for what reason she couldn’t even recall, and had watched a ripple across the false face, immediately she thought back to the changing of her own face years ago as she had watched herself ripple from cat back to girl. She had rushed to tell Ron, who had the level head to inform Dumbledore. Watching the headmaster demolish the maze within moments was a sight engrained into them all, his wand had subdued the towering hedged into weeds and the creatures within the maze had cowered out of his way. As others detained crouch a handful of teachers had investigated where the Triwizard cup had been. All in all the group effort took only a matter of minutes and a large dose of Veritaserum to find where Harry and Cedric had been taken and prevent the return of Voldemolt. The conversation grew quieter then, as they passed over the part where they had been too late to save Cedric, instead they wondered if the death eaters that had been detained that day were all the death eaters left. The curly haired girl remembered their faces plastered all over the papers, she especially recalled Cygnus Black, his regal and handsome face twisted in disgust as it stared out, as though he could sense Hermione’s heritage through the paper. When she had imagined Bellatrix’s father she had expected the high symmetrical cheekbones and thick dark hair, but she wasn’t expecting the piercing blue eyes. Bellatrix had dark eyes that almost looked all black in certain lights, at times they scared Hermione and yet at other times they seemed to drink in her attention, making her want to stare for hours. Cygnus’s eyes were purely unsettling, as though they weren’t natural and had instead been implanted into his head to intimidate wherever he gazed.

 

A growing rumble of muttering from across the room captured the attention of the trio, they followed the eyes of the majority of the Slytherin table to the door of the great hall and saw Bellatrix striding in with her head held high, it was the first time she’d been seen outside of lessons or her dorm in a week, the refreshed fear of her victims was almost tangible in the air. Harry and Ron grew uninterested immediately and changed the topic to tomorrow’s Gryffindor versus Slytherin match, however their female friend’s attention was still thoroughly occupied. Hermione stared so intently her eyes began to sting from lack of blinking, at which point she looked down at the cup of juice on the table and instead stole glances every now and then at the girl she had been thinking about all morning. As she watched the Slytherin join her friends she noticed that she hadn’t tried to look towards the Gryffindor table and already Hermione could sense what was going to happen next, same old Bellatrix Black but with extra denial, though disappointed she was not at all surprised and forced her attention back onto Harry and Ron who, without her knowledge, had been watching her with puzzled expressions.



The day had dragged by painfully as Bellatrix waited for Hermione to track her down, she had aimlessly teased some of the younger years and had a productive chat with peeves about how to best avoid being caught teasing the younger years. Eventually the final lesson of the day was finished with Snape reeling off a list of homework tasks. Feeling the itch for action Bellatrix decided to head to the library to look for the irritating Gryffindor, she needed to put all this abnormal behaviour behind her for good. Bellatrix strode though the tall shelves, allowing the heavy smell of the pages to soothe her nerves, if there was one thing she enjoyed, it was an empty library. Taking her time, she passed row to row scanning the barren seats with a sense of déjà vu. Finally, she spotted a frizzy mane. As she walked closer to Hermione’s side she saw her face leaning on one hand and her eyes dropped down at the thick volume on the desk, her attention clearly wavering as the afternoon matured.

 

“Trust you to pick something easy and exciting Granger” Bellatrix was surprised that Hermione didn’t jump at the sudden sound.

 

“exciting might be my thing, but easy clearly isn’t” The younger girl sat back in her chair to look up at the new company and delivered her wit with a relaxed grin.

 

That was brave thought Bellatrix as she huffed out a short laugh “the little lion does jokes, and here I thought you were in bad spirits today”

 

“oh? Why would I be in bad spirits” Hermione replied with faked ignorance

 

“I guess I just assumed since you’ve been out of sight all day, forgive me for expecting a run in Granger”

 

“My first name isn’t cursed you know, Bellatrix. Also, I know you seem to think all us Gryffindors are optimists but I’m not an idiot, I know what’s coming next and I didn’t like the idea of doing it in a populated corridor”

 

“What is it you think it going to happen then, Hermione?”

 

“I think that you’re going to get scared and try and cut me off to stop yourself feeling anything other than indifference” Hermione tried to keep her voice calm as she produced the words, but she couldn’t deny that she felt a throb of frustrated rejection.

 

“well, I think you’re the one making assumptions now” Bellatrix purposely avoided the other girl’s eyes and considered her next move.

 

“So, I’m wrong, am I? You’re here to confess you like me or something?” Hermione threw up a sceptical eyebrow and crossed her arms, waiting for an answer.

 

“For Merlin’s sake Muddy it was a simple lapse in judgement and you’re acting as though it was a big deal, I was just coming to tell you that as a courtesy, so you didn’t start hassling me about it” Bellatrix spat the words, waiting on the expected reaction to divide them for good as she had planned.

 

Hermione winced slightly at the name but didn’t hold on to it long “right then, glad we cleared that up.” She turned back to the desk and forced her eyes to the book.

 

Bellatrix had essentially achieved her goal and yet, she wasn’t remotely pleased. She shifted her weight and thought for a moment, she should leave, but the niggling notion that she had been dismissed bothered her greatly. “I won’t lie Granger, I was expecting a touch more resistance”

 

“I don’t see why, it was you who kissed me, not the other way around” Hermione felt a flutter in her chest, and the hint of a smile on her face she kept her face turned away.

 

“I think I recall you kissing me back” Bellatrix threw back

 

“well like you said, a lapse in judgement” With that Hermione rose from her seat, performed a quick spell to shrink her book and put it in her robe pocket as she began to move past Bellatrix, she turned her head and said “goodnight” with a smirk at the attempted reference.

 

Bellatrix’s hand on the younger girl’s arm had stopped Hermione before her brain had decided why, she needed more time, but for what reason she didn’t know. She looked at the other girl, her hand lighting gripping her arm still as Hermione turned her body to face her completely.

 

With little warning Hermione moved forward, trapping Bellatrix between herself and the desk behind her. With bated breath she leaned in and pressed her lips against the other girls. There was no hesitation this time, instead their mouth began to move in a slow rhythm, Hermione gently placing her hands on Bellatrix’s waist with nerves still sitting in her chest.

 

The pace increased, and Hermione allowed her body to move closer. The older girl carried the aroma of rich roses mixed with a subtle musk of leather, it was a sweet but majestic and Hermione could imagine the perfume being wildly expensive

 

Suddenly slender but strong hands wrapped around Hermione and spun them around, swapping their positions. With the new advantage Bellatrix deepened their kiss, sliding her tongue across Hermione’s lips and nipping her bottom lip. Bellatrix gripped the desk behind Hermione, her body pushing against Hermione until the younger girl had unconsciously mounted the desk and thrown her arms around Bellatrix’s neck which allowed Bellatrix to stand between her legs and hold her flush against her.

 

The minutes had blurred when suddenly a soft thud somewhere close by brought them back to earth, instantly Bellatrix jumped back as though scolded, her pale cheeks now rosy as her chest heaved in air. Hermione stared back at her, equally as breathless. Both looked around to see no one around them before the Gryffindor spoke.

 

“Do you still want that talk?” Hermione croaked out

 

“Maybe we could…talk about something else?” the older girl replied, a rare expression forming

 

To Hermione’s surprise Bellatrix gave her a genuine smile that sharpened her rosy cheek bones, for a moment no thoughts came to Hermione, only a feeling of awe before she agreed and sat with Bellatrix.

 

Hours went by as they spoke of funny stories and book they enjoyed. Hermione told Bellatrix all about her time as Millicent Bullstrode’s cat, the obstacles to the philosopher’s stone and her crisis about the lack of wood to defeat the devils snare. In return Bellatrix spoke of the elaborate pranks she would play on her sisters and fondly recalled a week where she had made her sister Andy bald with a rather potent potion. They laughed easily at one another’s adventures and both girls found themselves growing more comfortable as they went back and forth about some book or idea after another. It was only when the sound of a passing owl made them realise that the evening had long evolved into the night and with shy smiles they left together still chatting easily before coming at to the stairs where their paths were forced to part.

 

“well, goodnight Gr…Hermione” Bellatrix rocked on her feet, feeling nervous but strangely giddy.

 

“Goodnight, maybe I’ll see you tomorrow? At the quidditch match?” the Gryffindor asked tentatively.

 

“maybe you will” Bellatrix winked and turned on the spot to walk away.

 

Yet again Hermione was left watching her go, her chest swollen with emotions.

 

The first thing he heard, was the light familiar snores of his nearby friend as he sat up in his bed and rubbed sleep from his eyes. It was the first time in months that Harry had awoken troubled. Since Sirius had been cleared of criminal charges paid reparations, he had begun a new and relaxed life in a cosy house with his Godfather, tentatively building the relatively young relationship. He had become blissfully used to a lack of impending demise, yet today his thoughts were suspicious and sinister. As he swung his legs out of bed and headed to the bathroom, he thought of the night before. He had grown worried for Hermione since the night she asked to look at his map and had asked Sirius about what Bellatrix might be capable of, from what Sirius knew of that half of his family, she could do a lot worse than a couple of hexes or spiteful rumours. In an attempt to protect Hermione he had followed the Slytherin witch under his father’s cloak and listened, until the sound of small bumps and rustles pushed him to check if his friend was okay, and he was met with a very unexpected sight. With only one minor bump he made a hasty exit and had rushed straight to bed and laid thinking of what he was to do next. Was it real? Or is this a sick plan to hurt Hermione or manipulate her into doing something. Harry knew that his best friend was smart, but he also knew how trusting she could be and after everything had calmed down from last year, he had begun to notice how lonely she seemed sometimes. He and Ron had spoke about it and assumed it was about Krum, but Hermione assured them of her lack of interest and her desire for only platonic relationships with all her male friends. Ron had heard the message loud and clear and they all decided that Hermione’s taste in partners was to be an untouched subject, that is until now, because he had to tell Ron if Hermione might be in trouble, right? Or should he just talk to Hermione? Or maybe just to Sirius for the time being? He wasn’t at all sure, but as fellow Gryffindor’s began to flood into the bathroom he realised he was late to the pre-game meet up.

 

The blaring band and screaming students filled the pitch with a vibe of adrenaline, Bellatrix drank it in as she strode alongside her team, ready to make quips at their opponents. Before long she was face to face with the Gryffindor team, her messy hair subdued into a bun and her hand grasped tightly around a beaters bat. She grazed across her possible victims, noting the lack of eye contact, that is until she landed on the scruffy seeker. Potter was staring back at her, seemingly with no intention of looking away, his face was stern and threatening but carried no obvious grimace. Slightly confused Bellatrix shifted away her gaze first, attempting to look as though she had barely noticed him at all.

 

Above the tension sat Hermione, staring hawk eyed at the tiny players below, her thigh bumping into Ron’s as she speedily jigged her leg.

 

“‘mione are you cold or has someone hexed your feet?”

 

“Sorry Ron, just nervous for them I guess”

 

“Ah yes it’s because of your interest in Quidditch, how did I not think of that” Ron nudged at her playfully

 

“well, the amount you and Harry go on about it, some of that dedication must have rubbed off” She nudged lightly back with a smile.

 

Down on the pitch the players had mounted their brooms and flown to their positions, Bellatrix could feel Potters gaze still tracked on her and she grabbed her bat harder, she wasn’t clear on what the problem was, but she was planning on giving him another one if he didn’t stop staring. With that thought she painted a sinister smile onto her face a swirled her broom around to face him, just as the whistle blew she gave a wink and they both shot off in different directions.

 

The speed of the game immediately became intense due to the harsh rivalry, Bellatrix was skilfully weaving between players of both teams, looking for the bludgers and keeping an eye on where Potter was. Suddenly she heard the squeak of another player as a bludger narrowly missed their head and she manoeuvred herself into its erratic path, picking a red and gold target at random, she swung her bat with might as sent the bludger in a straight shot towards the tail of the other player’s broom, knocking them into a spiral. Before they could even look to see their attacker, Bellatrix had moved. Players always expected her to wait and gloat and they had used that against her before, so she had learnt to always keep moving as to never be caught off guard. Suddenly she saw a mass flying towards her side at speed and she dipped her broom, so it passed over her.  Scowling she looked above her to see Potter, pretending he had noticed nothing.

 

The game played on for another few hours, Harry growing frustrated at having not yet seen the snitch and even more frustrated at having watched Bellatrix knock Fred off his broom while managing to kick the quaffle to her team mate at the same time, an impressive move that had the entirety of Slytherin roaring. He allowed his eyes to scan the crowd until her found his friends, Ron was watching red faced and beside him was Hermione, tracing her line of sight he found her to be following all of Bellatrix’s movements, her eyebrows raised and completely focused. He looked down at Bellatrix herself, weaving through the players like air before swinging her beater with a force her slender frame looked incapable of. The sight of her made him angry, thinking of the horrible things she was planning to do to Hermione, embarrass her, blackmail her or try and break her heart out of strange spite. And that’s when he saw it, a flicker of gold near the Slytherin witch’s foot, with a smirk he tipped his broom forward and began his descent towards it. By the time he was by Bellatrix the snitch had begun to make large jerky circles around her, and so he followed suite, circling with speed as the dark haired girl in his way grew more and more angry. As he closed in he saw almost in slow motion as a bat flung and sent the snitch flying away, he shot after it as Bellatrix went the other way, but the golden ball slowed and then pinged back as though on a rubber string and went soaring back towards the Slytherin girl with Harry in tow.

 

Bellatrix saw the snitch and Potter both trailing closely and upon instinct she darted away, dodging through people to try and shake off the stupid little ball. She began to fly lower and lower, getting angrier with every breathe she heaved in, until finally she had enough and flew towards a stand post, deciding to cut up at the last second regardless of what happened to the boy and the abnormal snitch. As she grew dangerously close she cut up, only to find Potter flying above her and with a swift but slight kick to the tip of her broom he stopped her ascent and Bellatrix crashed through the thin cover of the stand and into something hard.

 

 

When Bellatrix woke it was dark, and her whole body felt like it had been stood on by a troll, she took a deep breath in and winced as several ribs screamed in protest. Despite the pain she sat up and looked around into the ashy dark, beside her was a couple of cards from friends and an empty potion bottle. She thought back to the match earlier, to the scruffy Gryffindor kicking her broom, if it weren’t for the pain she would have happily gone to choke him in his sleep. She thought about trying to stand but at the look of early morning approaching she decided against it and slumped lower in her bed, turning her head back towards the night stand with a huff. From the new angle she saw an untouched envelope laying beneath the potion bottle and shifted back up to grab it. The blank cover gave her a hint at its sender, she popped the wax seal and slid out a small, neat note.

 

 

Bellatrix,

I Hope when you read this you are not in too much pain, I overheard that you broke quite a few bones. I know you’re probably ready to kill Harry, but if it helps he’s already had an impressive lecturing, which you may know is also quite painful (that is a joke). I never knew how good you were at quidditch, it almost made the game interesting (another joke).

Maybe when you feel a bit better I could come and visit?

Get well soon,

H

 

The dark haired girl fiddled with the edges of the paper as she read a second time, smiling a little at Hermione declaring her own jokes, she could imagine her writing it and getting flustered at the thought of Bellatrix thinking she was being serious. As she placed the letter under her pillow her mind bounced between seeing Hermione and getting revenge on the Potter boy. They had played against one another before, but never before had he tried anything, even after her father had been involved with the whole Triwizard cup thing. Clearly the boy had a new hatred, which could only mean that somehow, he knew about Bellatrix and Hermione, right? And why else would Potter attempt to maim her unless he was jealous. If that was the case then Bellatrix needn’t plan revenge any at all, she smiled slightly to herself.



A couple of days had gone by and Hermione was yet to see Bellatrix, visiting would look extremely strange but she was hoping Bellatrix might contact her with a time she wouldn’t be spotted. She had overheard Slytherins talking about her multiple breakages and assumed it would be a few days before she was allowed back out of the hospital wing. She had sent a letter via friendly house elf but that’s as close as she had come. Despite a slight feeling of confusion and shame still, she couldn’t deny that she missed seeing Bellatrix. She didn’t know her all that well yet but, she missed the electric feeling of just being around her, the smell of her perfume and the curls in her hair. Even when focusing on school work, her mind would always come back to her, and worryingly she had an inkling of what they may mean. Lost in her own thoughts Hermione didn’t notice a small dark owl sitting on the window sill of a nearby library window and so jumped when it pecked its little beak against the glass. She looked swiftly around and saw what she already knew, that she was alone, and so went and let the fluffy bird in. Within its beak it held a small rolled up piece of parchment, it dropped it in front of the young witch and departed back out through the window and into the sky. Sparing no time Hermione unrolled the parchment.

Hermione,

If I’ve guessed correctly then you’re in the library and have received this note. Meet me tonight at 10pm outside the hospital wing, I’ll be waiting.

B

 

Hermione’s heart leapt with excitement as she read the little note, there was no hinting to what might happen or what mood Bellatrix might be in, but over the past few weeks she had come to the conclusion that knowing was better than not knowing. So, when 9:45 came she checked herself one more time in the mirror, having made an effort to reduce the frizz in her hair, and left for the hospital wing.

 

10:05pm. Hermione looked at her watch again as she stood alert near a gap in the wall where a knight stood, ready to hide if she heard footsteps. She thought again of the note, I will be waiting, and grew a little more uncomfortable. What if Bellatrix wasn’t coming, what if she was caught or too sick or suddenly hated her again. Suddenly she felt a soft tap on her shoulder and whipped round with speed, there stood the Slytherin witch. Bellatrix was fresh faced with her hair up in a messy bun, her normal rouge lips were paler but no less beautiful, and she was wearing a green Slytherin jumper over…pyjamas? Hermione’s eyes dropped to the older girl’s lower half, yes, pyjamas and slippers which made Hermione realise that Bellatrix was actually shorter than her.

 

“they won’t let me have normal clothes until I can leave the hospital wing” Bellatrix stared at her slippers and willed her face not to flush.

 

“so, you’re wearing pjs and slippers” Hermione stated, still taken back by the vulnerable sight.

 

“so, I’m wearing pjs and slippers yes, 10 points to Gryffindor” Bellatrix threw it playfully, trying to hide her embarrassment. “well come on then we haven’t got all night” she said as she put out her hand.

 

Hermione, still shell shocked, hesitated slightly before grabbing it.

 

Through the hours of the night they walked the castle and Bellatrix showed her all the secret passageways she knew, they exchanged facts about the castle and about themselves. Trivial things like the fact that Bellatrix’s favourite colour was green and Hermione’s blue. Hermione even pushed the boat out a little by explaining some muggle concepts, and to her surprise found Bellatrix to be quite interested in how things like TVs and kettles worked. By the time 2am arrived the Slytherin girl was growing increasing tired, her injuries aching at the strain of walking for so long, and it gave her a brilliant idea. She seized Hermione’s hand and took whisked them away, keeping her evil plan secret until they arrived. Eventually they stood outside a large wooden door on the fifth floor, Bellatrix smirked and whispers something that caused the door to click open. She then motioned for Hermione to go first.

 

Before the younger witch was a swimming pool sized tub, made of stone, surrounded by beautiful glass windows. At the side of the pool was a number of different taps that, when Bellatrix flicked her wand at them, spewed multicoloured spouts of water. It dawned on her that she was in the prefect’s bathroom, in front of a hastily running bath, with Bellatrix standing behind her and her mouth went very dry.

 

“uh… you fancied a bath?” Hermione spluttered going tomato red. “Do you want me to keep watch or something or um turn around” she nervously laughed.

 

“Of course not silly” Bellatrix waited for the look of relief to settle on Hermione’s face “I want you to come in with me” Riding the wave of her confidence Bellatrix began to strip to her bra and underwear, black and lacy obviously as she refused to purchase anything less. When she was ready she walked into the bubbly hot water and felt as though she could moan at how it relieved the pain in her muscles. She then turned her attention to the bright red girl near the bath stair and waiting with a sultry smile on her face, “what are you waiting for Granger? The water’s lovely”

 

The urge to run was present but the warm tingle that had ran through Hermione’s body at the sight of Bellatrix in underwear had rooted her to the spot. She couldn’t back down now, she had to rise to the challenge. So, with careful but fact movements she began to de-robe herself, wishing she had worn nicer underwear. When she was down to her plain pink underwear and horrifically unmatching purple bra, she quickly threw her hair up to save it from the water and sped walked down the steps and into the warm water. There with gracefully slow movements Bellatrix came towards her, and immediately put her hand on Hermione bare waist. The feel of her small but firm hands on her made her feel like she might die, the warmth of her hands under the water radiated through her body like a curse, but immediately the younger witch knew she wanted to reciprocate the contact. With all her courage she moved forward and placed her hands a little lower on Bellatrix’s hips.

 

Both were rosy cheeked, and Bellatrix wondered if it was the heat or the boundaryless contact but Hermione looked very pretty, upon instinct Bellatrix moved forward and kissed Hermione. It was soft and slow and after the older witch opened her eyes and gave a looked that asked permission to continue. In reply Hermione kissed Bellatrix softly back and inched their bodies closer slightly, with each sensuous movement the kiss deepened with the experimental introduction of tongues. Bellatrix couldn’t help but occasionally nipple on Hermione’s lower lip and they stayed in their embrace.

 

When sun began to stream through the glass windows they both knew it was past time they were to leave and they quietly dried with magic and dressed themselves. They walked for a while towards the hospital wing, completely silent and with their hands intertwined. Around them the deep orange light of sunrise filled the silent corridors and awakened a fresh smell of a new morning. Too soon the time to separate came and they did so simply with a peck, with neither feeling the need to offer more than a peaceful smile as a goodbye.

 

When Bellatrix walked into the breakfast hall on her first day back, she heard a roar of applause from her house’s table and she smiled cockily and slid into a seat next to some friends, who all began to fill her in on what she had missed. She listened to the murmur of their words as her eyes scanned the room for one frizzy haired girl in particular and frowned when she failed to find her. Still she kept an easy smile on her face that seemed to have remained on her face since the other night with the Gryffindor girl. Midway through talking about the quidditch practise she needed to make up for, she heard a squawk from above as a letter dropped down in front of her, the dark and sophisticated stationary made her stomach drop. With reluctance, she turned the object in her hands to reveal her own family emblem waxed upon the seal, as soon as she touched it, she felt a prick upon her finger and the seal popped open having checked her heritage. The Black family had always been suspicious types, hopefully it was a letter saying some rich old uncle had croaked and left her something she thought as she slid out an elegant letter.

 

Bellatrix,

The pain of my time spent in Azkaban pales in comparison to the pain of having raised such a disappointment. Those who wronged your own blood and murdered your Lord roam free around you, while you appear to do nothing. To hear of your accident at the hands of the Potter boy further adds to injury, knowing you are seemingly at their mercy. When the time comes to show your loyalty, these mistakes will not be tolerated.

You will hear from me soon,

Black
 

The moment her eyes scanned her father’s name, red cracks began to spread across the paper and in a flash the letter was illegible ash in her hands. The shock had distracted her and with her attention now in flux she noticed the number of eyes on her, she looked around and saw a hushed room of students stealing glances at her. Her fear rising in her throat quickly twisted into a roaring rage as her eyes darted faster looking for an explanation, when the boy across from her slid across his issue of the morning paper.

 

GANG OF DEATHEATERS ESCAPE FROM AZKABAN: PUBLIC WARNED TO STAY ALERT

 

Below, amongst the group of faces was the snide scowl of her father glaring out at her, she read and reread the headline. Her mind struggling to concentrate as she felt the number of eyes on her increase, the whispers around her growing louder until she swore she could hear her name being hissed out over and over until it all sounded like one chillingly familiar voice hissing poison into her ears. She stood abruptly and left the hall, shoving a younger child out of her way. When no one seemed to be around her she ran out into the grounds and towards the lake, until the burn of her breathing masked her urge to scream.

Many people within the hall had watched the Slytherin witch storm out, leaving behind a thick tension, amongst the spectators was a very old man looking at the pile of ash she had left behind over his mooned spectacles. Dumbledore was smart enough to have kept an eye on all the children of death eaters throughout their time at Hogwarts but was also wise enough not to assume they held their parent’s beliefs. He had watched how energetic Bellatrix had appeared the week after the Triwizard tournament, many assumed her teasing of others was out of anger about her fathers arrest and yet the headmaster saw the twinkle in her eye that suggested the only spite involved was faked to save face. He had also noted the new involvement Bellatrix had with Harry and Hermione which was pointed out to him by the incident at the most recent quidditch match, which she surprisingly hadn’t retaliated to. Instead it seemed she was sneaking around the castle with Miss Granger. With a sigh he took off his spectacles to clean them, it was a relief that Miss Black didn’t seem to have ill intent, since he was going to have to leave the school as soon as possible.



The water of the lake was still as the late October sun lazily rose over it, but its beauty went unnoticed by the girl sat under a tree at the scenes edge, deep in thought. Bellatrix’s new reality without the constant pressure of her father and his “cause” was crumbling through her fingers as fast as her father’s letter had. She would likely see him eventually and this time she couldn’t even try to defy him, not after his capture. Bellatrix knew that despite the dark lord’s death, the most loyal followers, those who had nothing left to lose, would be thirsting for revenge. It must be a horribly strange thing to be locked away in a box of a room, with nothing more to think about than the people who put you in it, what you may do to them if you ever felt the sun on your face. The thought makes her shiver, if she did enough of her father’s bidding, that might just be the place she ends up.

 

The day dwindled past her as she sat in the cold, casting the odd charm to warm her feet when it became hard to bare, the sunken sun created a long shadow approaching her and she looked up to see the girl she had been searching for this morning, in her hands was a tube-like container. The younger girl gave her a small relaxed smile and settled next to her on a tree root, screwing the top off of the object in her hands and filling the lid with the liquid inside, the next moment Bellatrix had a small cup of hot chocolate in her hands. She looked at the girl sitting slightly above her, searching her face for pity or an unspoken question, but still only found that easy smile. In silence they sat and watched the world turn dark, then Hermione rose and offered her hand to her. On the walk back Bellatrix broke the silence, “I don’t think I can go back to how things were before. He…isn’t a good person, let alone a good father. If he could see me right now, us, right now, he would kill me on the spot.”

 

Hermione looked at her with saddened eyes and softly grasped her hand, “I’m sure they’ll find him, and in the meantime, you’re safe here.”

 

“I hope you’re right”

 

 

Far from Hogwarts a skinny man sat in the stinking bowels of an abandoned house, breathing in the damp air and fiddling with a small sharp blade. His sharp face twisted into a satisfied smirk as he looked down at the water warped desk in front of him. On its surface sat a shiny old locket that whispered to him faintly in the dark and made the tattoo of him arm squirm in reply. He had been called many things in his life, evil, wicked and sadistic. But above all else, he was dangerously patient and soon his efforts would be handsomely rewarded, he would soar beyond his previously high status and be a household name for every wizarding family in the world. He would bring back his Lord and change the world by his side. No matter the cost.


A new day had begun, and Bellatrix was lost in hazy thought, her body exhausted from restless nights. Constantly she woke up with dreams of her life before her father’s arrest, walking on eggshells around her parents, never daring to speak out against any of her father’s belief. Though she supposed that hadn’t really changed, her life was different now. She had Hermione, someone who saw everything she wanted to see in herself. They had spent a number of weeks meeting in the night to talk and sending notes to each other in the day, clever ones with codes and hints to books. In a moment they could go from easy fun to dark conversations about their pasts and fears and for once Bellatrix felt as though she was truly being heard. She felt they both challenged and complemented each other in such an unexpected way and that fragile goodness terrified her. She couldn’t risk losing Hermione now, she needed her. If she wanted things to stay this way and to grow in this direction, then she her father needed to be out of the picture for good. The end goal was to remove her father as a problem without losing Hermione. In the letter her father had suggested Bellatrix enact revenge, but really all he wanted was Potter, since that was the dark lord’s main target for some reason. She couldn’t make a deal for Hermione but perhaps she could convince him to just take the boy.

 

“The fact that most people forget about the killing curse is the effect it has on the witch or wizard doing the casting, some say it tears the soul in all instances and other believe this is only when taking the life of an innoc…”

 

If there was one thing Bellatrix was familiar with, it was dark magic. She could simply sit with her thoughts and not miss anything she didn’t already know. Hearing the curses aloud made her think of her father, and how he had shown them all the curses so that they would never forget them she though darkly but that was the past. Now, all her father wanted was Potter, for a bit of revenge over his lord. He would do as he planned and then be shipped back to Azkaban. He was a very capable man and if he were to get Harry then Hermione would likely be with him. The only time he was alone was in summer, but Sirius and the rest of them would have him safer than a Gringotts jewel. So, her father would try for him in transit at some point, unless she did something to sway his methods. She hadn’t a way to stop her father, but she could at least keep Hermione out of the way. Besides, the Potter boy had had it coming for a while now.

 

 

“You’re in good spirits Hermione” Harry said as they walked to their next lesson. He smiled genuinely but seemed overly interested.

 

“Well It’s a nice day and I’m ahead in all my work so I have an easy week” This wasn’t technically a lie she thought, just a touch of omission. She was truly happy, despite the recent bad news about her father, Bellatrix seemed calm. Hermione supposed that logically Bellatrix had put off worrying until Christmas which is when she would be most likely to see her Father. Hermione did suggest telling Dumbledore about the letter, but to her surprise he has left on “urgent business” so instead they settled into sweet comfortable denial. Sweet being the main point as they had continued their night time rendezvous and had even got into the habit of exchanging coded notes with Hogwarts: a history being their codebook (much to Hermione’s delight).

 

“Fair enough ‘mione... so anyway. Have you sorted out a date for the Halloween ball?” Harry casually questioned. “I was going to ask Cho but… I think me, and Ron are just gonna go it alone, or we could just all go together? If you fancy it?” Harry wondered if Bellatrix had asked Hermione about the ball, he doubted she would compromise herself like that.


“Oh, the ball, I completely forgot. Um… I’m not sure actually so I’ll uh, let you know” She chuckled nervously and went a little red, it would be stupid to ask Bellatrix. Yes, she confirmed as they walked into potions class, stupid.

 

Maybe she should ask Bellatrix as a gesture, since they were meeting in the middle of the night to be more than friendly, unless she did that with other people as well. Not that she couldn’t since they weren’t official or anything. Hermione was calmly swirling her quill on parchment as her mind made leaps and bounds to various scenarios. Maybe Bellatrix had a date and Hermione was just a bit of experimental fun, or she might not even be going after all. But, how will I know if she’s going unless I bring it up, she might even ask me first. Don’t. Be. Stupid. Hermione. She might like you enough to kiss you, but that doesn’t mean she’s ready to admit that to other real human people. It’s fine, I’m just going to ask her what her plans are and then play it really cool. Not that she was a stalker, but she knew that Bellatrix currently had defence against the dark arts. She could linger nearby and hopefully the Slytherin girl would come over to “bully” her. They knew that neither was ready to be open about their new relationship…or whatever it was, and so had agreed to maintain their previous roles as bully and victim in order to not arouse suspicion. Hermione began the walk slowly, knowing she couldn’t be waiting directly outside the door, mulling over her words as she did. It was difficult to decide how to bring the subject up, or if she should at all. The more the doubts creeped in, the faster she walked. Perhaps it was better to leave it, and not risk being seen with her. Suddenly as her eye refocused she found herself staring right into the eyes of a brutish seventh year in green robes.

 

“Move it Mudblood” he barked as he puffed his chest out and nudged past her.

She didn’t even know him or recognise how he could have known her. She was used to taking these things on the chin so often, but in her inattentive state it had left her a little bewildered. It was funny how magic could heal wounds and stop time but couldn’t stop the human nature to be cruel.

 

“Well hello there Muddy”

 

Hermione turned to meet Bellatrix’s hollow expression of disgust, she knew it was fake, but the twist of pain came regardless. Instantly she began to walk around the older girl, who in turn followed her for a few moments to an abandoned stairway.

 

“I assume I’m not just following you for fun, Granger” Bellatrix jibed, leaning coolly on a bannister.

 

“Um…it actually doesn’t matter.” Hermione went to walk away again but Bellatrix stepped into her path too quickly.

 

“what’s wrong?” With the words came Bellatrix’s outstretched hand hooking loosely around Hermione.

 

The younger girl looked down at the gesture, that was new. Touching definitely wasn’t but tender affection in broad daylight was. “Sorry, just when you called me that name I just, had a run in with another Slytherin so I guess it just stung a little today” 

 

“who was it? I’ll go set fire to their bed or something” Bellatrix replied with a smirk.

 

“I don’t care about him saying it, it was when you said it “Hermione dropped the other girl’s hand.

 

“oh, you know I didn’t mean it, we just agreed to keep up the whole act, so I just assumed it was fine”

 

“You can keep up the act without using that name”

 

“I just, didn’t think it bothered you that much” Bellatrix shrugged

 

“Well, you would think that wouldn’t you, not like you know what its like to be treated as less than, little miss pure blood” Hermione shot back, the colour rising in her cheeks.

 

“Merlin sake, if you didn’t want me to say it then you should have just told me” Bellatrix sniped back, trying to keep her voice low.

 

“I just thought you were smart enough to know the weight of your own words, my mistake” with that Hermione stormed past Bellatrix towards the nearest crowd.

 

 

Hermione walked fast and breathed slow, if only she could argue without her eyes instantly watering. At least she had an answer about the ball, since it was tomorrow night and there was no way Hermione would be asking Bellatrix about it now. she just wouldn’t go, it wasn’t like it was her scene anyway. She was just going to have some time to herself and take advantage of a mostly empty castle. Lost in thought she barely saw the figure blocking her way into the Gryffindor common room.  

 

“Hi Hermione” a soft voice caught her attention.

 

“Oh, I’m so sorry Luna I didn’t see you there, uh…what’s up” Hermione hoped it would be quick, she liked Luna sure, but they were very different.

 

“well, I was speaking to Harry about the dance tomorrow and he invited me to go with him and Ron, he said you were thinking about coming so I came to see what you’d decided.”

 

“oh uh… I was actually just going to stay in, dances have never really been my thing.” Hermione flushed slightly and brushed her hair back hoping that her eyes didn’t look as watery as they felt.

 

“you know, I haven’t had much experience with friends, but I find being with them makes me feel better when its been a trying day. We can go in together if you like and meet the boys there, maybe have some girl time as they say” Luna gave the request tentatively with a small but hopeful smile.

 

Hermione felt her heart ache for Luna a little, she didn’t often think about how lonely it must be for her, and instantly she felt lucky, not only to have Harry and Ron, but also to be able to help. “You know what that sounds great Luna, the dance starts at 7 so why don’t you meet me here at 6:30 and we can do our hair together”

 

The soft smile on the blonde girl’s face grew into a broad one “that sounds great, I’ll see you then”

 

 

Hermione had just finished putting the last touches onto her makeup, she had pushed the boat out a little by wearing a dress her mum had snuck into her trunk in the hopes she might have a date at some point. It was a thigh length, white dress with thin straps and flowing material making up the skirt, she had matched it with some golden eyeshadow as her mum had suggested. Despite her lack of experience, she decided she looked okay when she passed a mirror on her way to fetch Luna from outside the common room.

 

“wow Hermione, you look like a tribute to a very dashing hippogriff I would say” Luna said with a hearty smile, she was wearing a lacy, ice blue dress with a lot of layers. Odd by pretty, as was fitting for the girl.

 

Hermione knew to take her statement as a compliment “Why thank you Luna, you look lovely”

They headed up to the dormitory to do their hair. Hermione had never tested bringing a non-Gryffindor into the common room before, but the fat lady just waved them in. She was so curious about how the castle’s magic was so fine tuned to people without ever being obvious. She shook away the thought and carried on, they had some hair to sort out.

 

Luna decided to create an eccentric up do for herself, Hermione on the other hand had used her wand and a heating charm to create a flow of ringlets in her hair, turning her usually somewhat frizzy hair into a neat build of curls. Just as 7:30 had passed, the two girls decided to go and meet the boys at the party. When they walked in, everything was already in full swing and they went in seemingly unnoticed, Hermione allowed her eyes to scan the room for her friends, but also for Bellatrix. It didn’t matter if she was mad at Bellatrix or if she didn’t want to talk to her, she still always searched for just a glimpse of her, almost like she was a drug. She didn’t find the raven hair but did spot a mop of ginger and so began to lead Luna towards that instead of continuing her pointless search.

 

In the corner of the room near a freshly spiked punch bowl stood Bellatrix, hidden by a circle of her friends. She had just dumped the contents of a healthily sized flask into the punch when she saw two girls enter the party, her face had flushed at the sight of the young Gryffindor. She looked just like an angel, and the serious expression on her face as she had scanned the room made her eyes shine. Then Bellatrix had seen the girl with her, a petite blonde whose name escaped her, she was odd looking, but undeniably pretty. Bellatrix felt a rage bubble in her stomach as Hermione, her Hermione had grabbed the blonde’s hand and led her away from view. Bellatrix took a large swig of the punch and began to strut to a better vantage point of the younger girl, leaving her friends in confusion. After a short search she found the girl and her blonde with Potter and the Weasley boy. Was Bellatrix a bit of secret side fun? Had Hermione been with this blonde all along? Long enough for Potter and ginge to embrace her so warmly, since they hadn’t all come together, it felt like a strong possibility. Well, fuck her then. Bellatrix downed her glass of punch to clear the horrible, tight feeling in her throat, and scanned the people near Hermione’s group. She spotted a good looking Slytherin boy in her year, she recognised him and knew instantly his father had died a death eater, he wouldn’t say no to a dance. She walked over and tapped his shoulder, he turned to give her a surprised but cocky look and instantly accepted her hand.

 

Getting Hermione’s attention without actually doing anything to get her attention was difficult. Then, as the music was slowing down, Bellatrix allowed the naïve boy to pull her closer and when they turned she looked across his shoulder and saw Hermione. Her eyes were glassy and her face red. She pulled the glass up to her mouth to cover it as she took long painful glances at Bellatrix whilst trying to maintain her conversation with her friends and a few others who had joined them. Then her eyes shifted to the male hand sliding down Bellatrix’s back and suddenly she excused herself. The Slytherin girl watched her go and realised the blonde wasn’t there anymore, but instead seated across the room with some chubby boy, laughing and patting swatting around his large head. She instantly felt sick and rushed out of the hall in search of Hermione.

 

 

The stone beneath her was cold as she sat down, she was in a deserted hallway sitting on a step to a dead-end doorway. All around her was silence, and so she let the tears roll down her cheeks. She had been stupid to believe that their secret meetings and notes and talks with Bellatrix were anymore than a few weeks of fun for the older girl. She had been used as a play thing while Bellatrix was out there pursuing real relationships with athletic Slytherin boys, the types she was destined to marry. As she waved her wand across her face to remove the stupid makeup, Hermione heard the click of heels going at a fast pace. Before she could sense where they were coming from, a figure appeared at the end of the hall. As it came closer, she saw a short, tight, shoulder-less dress clinging to curves, the dark material causing the red painted lips to pop out of smooth large curls that hung around the figure’s face.


“Hermione I…”

 

“save it” Hermione sniffed “I get the message so just leave me alone” she stood to leave but before she could move far Bellatrix was in front of her, with a guilty expression.

 

“Look, I saw you come in with the blonde girl and grab her hand and my mind just started jumping to conclusions, so I went over to that random guy to get back at you. Until I saw blondey flirting with that chubby kid and saw my mistake. It was a mistake, okay” Bellatrix went to grasp Hermione’s hand.

 

“You really thought that after one small argument I would just find someone new? In the space of a day?!” Hermione shook her hand away from Bellatrix’s, her sadness turning to anger.

 

“I might have wondered if she was a permanent fixture and that I was just a new temporary thing for you” Bellatrix looked away, annoyed at her own impulsivity.

 

“And you didn’t try and talk to me about it, you just decided to find the first guy you could and get back at me. How far do would you have gone?” Hermione braced herself for the reply

 

“What are you even saying it was just a dance and it would have only ever been a dance” Bellatrix raised her voice a little.

 

“If you say so” Hermione went to leave again but Bellatrix grabbed her wrist.

 

“It was a mistake because I was jealous, I don’t know what we are, but I know that I want it so just, don’t leave okay” Bellatrix softened her grip and looked deep into Hermione’s eyes, hoping the younger girl would see her honesty.

 

Hermione looked at the ground but didn’t move.

 

“I just want you, Hermione” Bellatrix tentatively lifted the other girls chin up and leant in slowly to kiss her.

 

Hermione reciprocated the slow and simple peck and suddenly she let go of something inside of her that was keeping her still. Her arms were around Bellatrix in a second and she had struck for another, more passionate kiss. She felt the older girl’s arms grip her tightly as they embraced and allowed their lips to steal each other’s breath until they were forced to stop for a moment, for fear of suffocating.

 

“Let’s go somewhere” Bellatrix huffed out as she composed herself, her eyes dark and predator-like. She took Hermione’s hand and walked fast until they came to an empty classroom in a soulless part of the castle. Bellatrix dragged Hermione in and flicked her wand to lock the door. Then, with delight, she ripped some heavy curtains from a nearby wall and laid them on the floor, luckily the room had a fire place too and with its quick lighting, an ambience that mirrored their passion was created. Bellatrix grabbed Hermione’s waist and kissed her again before lowering them both onto the nest of curtains. She made quick work of Hermione’s dress by lifting it over her head as she knelt opposite her, she then did the same with her own. Then, she slowed just to look at the other girl. The orange glow of flames lit up her hungry eyes and casted shadows across her smooth breasts and bare stomach. Bellatrix felt as though she could drink the sight in forever, but Hermione’s hand was snaking around her own bare stomach, and the need to feel hot skin on her own was undeniable. They came together again in a kiss as Hermione worked her way to unclasp Bellatrix’s bra and Bellatrix mimicked the movement to do the same to Hermione, until their uncovered chests were pressed together as their tongues swiped at each other. Naturally, Hermione leaned back until she felt the curtain covered floor beneath her, and Bellatrix held herself above the younger girl. Bellatrix took a steady inhale and determined her next move, she wasn’t exactly a sex guru, but she knew enough. She began to pepper kisses across Hermione’s body, starting at her neck and working down across her breasts, shifting her pace from delicate frenzied passion to delicate anticipation. She pecked every faint freckle she could find splayed across pale ribs and felt the increased breathing beneath them. She worked down Hermione’s stomach, where she slid off the other girl’s underwear, she felt Hermione tense and quickly moved her kisses to the bottom of her thigh, where she slowly made her way up, before switching to the other leg and teasing back towards the girl’s centre. Finally, she drew her tongue in one long sweeping motion up to Hermione’s clit. Instantly she let out a long high moan that made Bellatrix almost melt as she continued her movements.

 

“Bella” Hermione whispered as her thighs began to lightly tremble and her lungs heaved in air. The more she trembled, the more Bellatrix would concentrate her tongue on Hermione’s clit, getting faster and firmer as she went. Before long a hand came down and weaved its fingers into Bellatrix’s hair, desperately holding her where she was until shaking thighs let out a violent shudder and Hermione’s head was thrown back in bliss, her mouth open but silent. Bellatrix rose slowly, drinking in the beautifully dishevelled girl beneath her, before leaning in to let Hermione taste her plump lips.

 

They spent hours exploring one another, touching and kissing to the point of ecstasy. They mapped every inch of each other’s skin, every scar and freckle until they lay, tangled in one another on the curtains in front of a dying fire. Hermione played with the slim strong fingers of the girl whose head laid on her chest.

 

“Bella” She whispered

 

“Mm?” came a tired reply

 

“We have to go; the sun is coming up” She looked out the window and heard the birds beginning to chirp.

 

Bellatrix groaned and turned her face toward Hermione to hide, but after a few moments reluctantly rose. They got dressed and put the room back in order, stealing looks and touches as they did. It wasn’t long before they were strolling down the hallway in the direction of their beds.

 

“Mione. so I know we can’t really advertise ourselves just yet but, I want you and me to be a real thing, not just secret meetings you know?”

 

“so…you want me to be your girlfriend” Hermione smirked at the Slytherin.

 

“I guess that’s what I’m trying to say, yes” Bellatrix blushed but smiled.

 

“hmm…well it doesn’t sound too bad so…alright” Hermione jibed, expecting a nudge back. Instead Bellatrix brought their clasped hands to her mouth and pressed a kiss to Hermione’s knuckles with a soft smile. The gesture widened Hermione’s eyes and throw a lump into her now tender throat.

There was something so beautifully untouched about the way she laid, her hair in their natural messy curls with a perfect ringlet here and there. It was almost as though a painting had come to life as a cloud shifted and allowed a ray of sun to light up her face. Bellatrix felt the warmth of their heating charm on her own skin as they lay beneath an old tree a little bit from the lake, it made her sleepy and relaxed. Every now and then she would throw a stick in the air and watch as it slowed slightly through her invisible fortress before falling back to the ground. She had set them up a barrier to keep them hidden in plain sight, camouflaging them as shrubbery was the easy part, the hard part was the charm to make wanders suddenly remember an urgent task when they got too close. Managing the charm was worth the impressed look on Hermione’s face and her eagerness for the older girl to teach her it. Despite the biting cold of November, they had made a habit of setting up a warm little hideaway beside the lake, it was the easiest way to talk freely without worrying about the hundreds of others that may be walking around and listening in.

“So where did you learn all of those charms? I didn’t think Hogwarts taught stuff that complex?” Hermione questioned, trying not to feel intimidated.

“My father taught me and my sisters a lot of survival spells, basic um… dark magics also” Bellatrix stared straight up at the sky, nervous to meet the other girl’s eyes as she spoke of her family.

“What are your family like?” Hermione braced herself for a negative reaction or an excuse to leave.

Bellatrix paused, they had always skated over the subject “well, my father was essentially the dictator, he wrote the script and we all played our part really. My mother has always just been an extension of him I suppose, not as cruel though. Um…Narcissa is doing a very good job of becoming a little version of my mother. she wasn’t always that way, but she’s married now with a son now so she’s changed, we don’t talk that often anymore” Bellatrix paused again, hesitant to fill the final gap “And I imagine you know of my other sister Andromeda through Sirius. She’s…very much her own person but, I haven’t spoken to her since she left about 5 years ago so ”

The short silence when Bellatrix had finished was heavy in the air and Hermione double checked her words before she let them free “I’m sorry it was like that Bella” She turned to the older girl and gripped her arm rubbing her thumb across the fabric of her jumper.

At the touch Bellatrix turned to look at Hermione, looking at the seriousness in her face, but it didn’t look like pity and was relieved. She smiled back a her, she had never called her Bella before, but she liked it “So, what are your family like, ‘mione”

Hermione smiled shyly with her nose crinkling a little at the exchange of nicknames. “it’s just me and my parents, but they’re lovely. We’re kind of like a little team really” After only a moment she spoke her thoughts aloud “I like how you listen to me”

“what do you mean” Bellatrix furrowed her brow as she readjusted her position to be more comfortable as she watched the younger girl.

“I guess people tend to switch off sometimes, because I talk a lot. But, you haven’t yet” She blushed as she said it, worried that Bellatrix would laugh. Instead Bellatrix gave her another gentle smile and leaned in to kiss her softly.



 

“Look Harry mate, I’m not sure this is a good idea.” Ron increased his steps to keep up as Harry weaved through students and out of the castle.

“You saw the map with your own eyes Ron, we have to go and help Hermione” Harry picked up his pace as they now moved across the grounds.

Ron had seen the map with his own eyes, but he had also seen the way Hermione had been acting for weeks, the constant smile on her face since she snuck out with Bellatrix on Halloween. He wasn’t the most observant person in the world, but this was obvious. Though there was still that little part of him that twisted at the sight of Hermione’s affection for someone else, he knew what love looked like and strangely he had a feeling it wasn’t one sided.

Harry strutted, his map in his hands and Ron in tow until he saw two figures walking back from near the lake. They stood close, their hands catching each other at moments as they looked around for spectators, until they spotted the two boys. He furrowed his brow and walked right up to them. “what do you think you’re playing at Black” He practically yelled it at her.

“Not sure what you mean Potter” Bellatrix clenched her jaw tight, she had no clue why Hermione liked this insufferable moron.

“Look, I don’t know exactly what’s going on here, but I know you’re up to something that’s going to hurt Hermione and I’m not going to let you just get on with it” His face was going red as he thought about what it was they were doing.

“You’re the one putting people in the hospital wing, not me” Bellatrix wanted to jinx him to high heaven, but she knew Hermione would intervene and that proving herself dangerous to the moron would likely damage her plans for him later. The thought of the coming vengeance soothed her anger enough to allow her to relax her jaw a little.

Harry scowled, he didn’t like to think about what he did, even if it was to Bellatrix. “Just leave her alone Black”

Suddenly Hermione stepped forward having finally found her words “Harry for merlin’s sake I’m not a damsel in distress, she hasn’t kidnapped me, I’m spending time with Bellatrix because I want to”

“Hermione you know what she’s like, what about all the times she’s been horrible to you” Harry could feel the swell of anger inside.

“Yes to me, so it’s me who gets to forgive her and me who gets to move on” She grabbed Bellatrix’s hand and stormed off in the direction of the castle

Ron looked between them and Harry, his mouth flapping slightly as he tried to think of what to say to stop what was happening, but he was coming up empty. With a sigh, he followed his angry best friends back towards the castle.

 

His body was tensed and tight like a coiled snake, every noise made him paranoid that someone was there, watching as he sat on the end of his bed in the dark of night. Around him the soft sounds of sleep only irritated him. Hermione was being naïve, and she was only going to get hurt. At the hands of that girl, even after everything she did, and everything her death eater father did. The thought of them both made him think of his parents, how they had died at the hands of people like Bellatrix Black over blood and control, it stirred a rage in him that scared him, almost like it was coming from a part of him he couldn’t even identify. He tried to push it out of his head, it wasn’t really him, he knew what anger could turn people into and he had felt it when he had knocked Bellatrix off her broom. Dumbledore had looked so intensely at him that he felt as though he may melt and then handed him a few weeks of detention and a very stern warning, the very worst part had been the thought in his head that said, “what does he think of you now”. The man who had always been there to save him must have looked and thought so much less of him, Dumbledore wouldn’t have used violence, he would have used his head. That’s what he was going to do from now on, if Bellatrix was being genuine then he would have to learn to live with her being around Hermione, but if she wasn’t, then he was going to have to find out.

A few floors down a similar figure sat at the end of their own bed. Bellatrix had been there for almost an hour, thinking and then distracting herself so she stopped feeling so nauseous, before thinking about it again; the small tationary case sat upon her trunk along with the black family sealing wax that she had left untouched since she had received it from her parents. With a deep breath and a look around her, she grabbed the case and rushed out to the common room. As soon as she saw it was empty, she dropped the case onto a corner table as though it had been too hot for comfort in her hands. After a few more moments contemplating she shook her busy head and grabbed a piece of parchment.

           Dearest Father,

I awaited your further correspondence and have decided to be proactive, I imagine your plans for my classmates are in the works and would like to be of service. Please allow me to prove myself and reply with your intentions so I may assist you.

Your faithfully,

Bellatrix Black

 

As soon as the letter was written she sealed it before she could reread her pathetic words and sent it home, he may not be there considering how wanted he was, but her mother would know where to direct it. If she knew what her father’s plan was then she could work around it to keep Hermione as far from it as possible, this was the only way she could ensure it. She sighed and rubbed her eyes, he could have just gone away somewhere and lived out the rest of his days, but no, her father always insisted on finishing things even if they weren’t his to finish.

 When she was finally in bed she thought of the day, she hadn’t thought about Andromeda for so long, she hadn’t even spoken to her since she started Hogwarts. Her eyes closed, and she could see the night she left so clearly, she had as much stuff as she could crammed into an overnight bag and she was sobbing through the words she screamed at her father. Bellatrix couldn’t remember what she had said, she only remembered her father throwing curses at her to stop her noise before Narcissa had intervened and attempted to calm her father and give her older sister a little time to run, which she had, and never returned. In a rage her father had burnt her bedroom to cinders with all her things in it, every drawing and letter and nostalgic knickknack was destroyed in an instant. Bellatrix hadn’t said a word the entire time, she just gripped tight to the letter in her hands with “Ted Tonks” scrawled across it that she had showed her father. It had been all her fault, she knew better now but still it was her who had been so eager to please her father that she had almost got her sister killed, and now she might as well have no sisters at all. They had both gotten married, Andromeda at 20 a couple years after she had left and Narcissa at 18 at around the same time as her older sister, and now they both had kids. Most importantly though, andromeda would never speak to her again, she hadn’t tried, and Bellatrix hadn’t dared to either. The thoughts of the three of them growing up, keeping each other safe and being closer than anything brought bitter tears to her eyes. She couldn’t stand it and brought another imagine into her head; Hermione and her big brown eyes that glowed a dark amber in the sunlight. The imagine of her soothed the bad feelings of what she had done, and what worse things she was going to have to do so that she could fall into a troubled sleep.


The cold air tried relentlessly to whip the scarf from around her body, minute after minute she stood as the sun rose over the forest, watching the skies and winding her scarf back around her neck. Bellatrix had come up to the owlery for the past couple of mornings since she had sent the letter to her father, waiting to intercept the reply. She never got letters except on her birthday, when she would get a few blunt cards from various family, going from that to a letter every week or so might raise questions from her friends. Friends was an odd term for them, they would spend time together and make jokes, even meet in the holidays at their family’s events and sneak out bottles of wine and fire whiskey. To trust them with her secrets and emotions however, would be naïve. They were the children of death eaters and had been raised as she had been, to be on top and show no weakness. Some more trusting than her had learnt this the hard way, like her sister she supposed. Just as she began to delve into that array of thoughts, a squawk from above gained her attention and a dark raven landed gently on her shoulder to drop a letter into her hands. It was only a few moments before she was gliding down the owlery stairs brushing ash from her hands, she was going to have to get planning quickly and very quietly.


 

Ron and Harry sat together and scribbled hard on parchment, waiting for the other to throw in the towel and suggest they go to breakfast, but neither did. The potions homework that was due wasn’t impossible, it’ just that no one had reminded them that it was due, because they hadn’t spoken to Hermione in several days. Ron had tried in passing but seeing as he was usually with Harry, he went ignored by one friend and reprimanded by the other. His tired ink smothered hand and anxious stomach was the final straw, Harry and Hermione needed to make up soon. Harry’s frustrated sigh caught his attention, it would have to wait he supposed, since Harry had quidditch practise later.


 

“right team, as you know our match against Slytherin is coming up and due to the… incident at the last game, we’re going to be doing some team building exercises with Slytherin house” as soon as the Wood had completed his sentence the whole team groaned and Harry felt his stomach droop with shame, he had done this to his team. “Potter, you’re with Black”

Harry opened his mouth to beg Wood to reconsider but before he had a chance wood threw him a beaters bat “and don’t kick up a fuss because it wasn’t my decision”.

The bat was heavy in his hands and he chose to stare down at it rather than up at the approaching team, maybe Bellatrix would aim to get back at him and break his legs or something, at least he wouldn’t feel so bad, and Hermione would see what she really like. The strangely hopeful thought made him look up at the body walking towards him.

 “well Potter let’s see how you try and maim me this time” Bellatrix rolled her eyes and swirled her beater bat in her hands. 

The aim was to bat a ball between them without making it too difficult for one another. Harry started with a conservative whack, to which Bellatrix retorted to with a mighty swing that sent the ball flying past Harry. He scowled for a moment and then went to fetch the ball. If this is how she wanted to do things, then fine. He threw the ball up again and this time hit it hard, Bellatrix was ready for it though and crashed it back to him. Soon the sounds of the back and forth impacts had the attention of Wood.

“Potter, Black, I am under strict instructions that anyone not playing nice is getting banned from matches so for Merlin sake take it easy”

The two of stopped and looked at one another a little more calmly.

“fine” Bellatrix picked up the ball and tapped it to him and they started a gentle back and forth. “you Gryffindors sure do have short tempers” she jabbed.

“says you Black” Harry scowled and tried to focus on keeping the ball at a good speed.

“well sure I’ve put people in the hospital wing, but never with 6 fractures Potter” Bellatrix felt the usual flare or rage when she thought about the pain Potter had put her through, but she kept it relatively hidden.

“I…” Harry was flustered and ashamed “I never meant to hurt you” He stared hard at the ball in order to not meet her eyes “the thought of Hermione being hurt made me angry and well…it just takes over sometimes”

“that a pretty strange sounding apology Potter” So he says he didn’t mean it, Bellatrix supposed she could understand the idea of an uncontrollable rage.

“I don’t know what you’re trying to do to Hermione and I’m not going to let you hurt her but, I wish I never did what I did” He could not bring himself to utter the word sorry, but he felt it would be enough for a girl like Bellatrix.

Bellatrix raised an eyebrow at Harry and struggled for an answer, she didn’t imagine for a second that he would apologise. She just assumed that he hated her and had simply been waiting for the opportunity to show that. “well I think my several fractures would have agreed with you there, Potter” She smirked a little at him “But for the record, I’m not trying to hurt Hermione.”

“So, after years of tormenting her you one day decide you like her?” Harry thought of all the pranks and comments that Bellatrix had thrown at Hermione over the years, the idea that she would change her tune so drastically just didn’t make sense to him.

Bellatrix sighed “Well it’s like you said, sometimes the anger just takes over… I guess I just misdirected it” Saying this to Potter made her cringe, but she knew it would take the truth to get someone like him off of her back.

Harry looked taken aback, the almost pained look on her face told him it was the truth. Everybody knew Bellatrix had issues with anger, but he hadn’t really thought about it before, and as much as he hated the idea of it, they did have that in common. “well, it doesn’t undo everything you did”

Shame flooded her cheeks “I know” she muttered.

They continued batting the ball to each other in silence until the exercise was over, and then they went their separate ways, Bellatrix brimming with a guilty feeling and Harry feeling conflicted.


The sound of screaming flooded into her ears, it was a familiar dream, but felt novel every time. Bellatrix’s father was throwing curses at Andy, his face twisted with rage and his voice booming about filth and blood. Andy was crumpled before him, weeping for him to stop, before Narcissa stepped in to beg for him to spare her.

“Father stop, she’s had enough I beg you let her rest”

His face darker further “Rest? I will let the mud lover rest forever in the dirt for what she has done to my name” He raised his wand “Now move”.

Narcissa began to heavily shake, she had never defied our father and to my knowledge she never did again after that night. She had turned to Andy and whispered that she should run. By the time Narcissa was throw back by my father’s curse, Andy was already in the fireplace and burning out of our house for the final time. The whole time I had stood near the doorway, Ted Tonks letter to my sister still gripped in my hand. I can still remember the feel of the paper and the scruffy swirls of his handwriting. That was usually where the dream stopped, with Narcissa out cold on the floor and me speechless. After that Narcissa spent several days unconscious in her bed, eventually she woke up, but the cissy I knew never really did. The new version of her was as obedient as before the incident, the difference was that now she was cold. She did not talk to me apart from small talk in the company of others and the loss of two sisters made me realise that they were all that I had in the first place.

Bellatrix was awake now and staring at the canopy above her bed, she had enjoyed a pleasant evening with Hermione and yet her brain would not allow her even a full day without throwing her mood off track. It was only a few hours prior that her and Hermione had left the library together after everyone had already left, holding hands and enjoying the quiet of the castle together. Now all she could focus on was the guilt swelling inside her, for what she had done in the past and what she may do in the future.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Hermione was tired from an evening of revision but in a pleasant comfortable way. Her and Bella had spent their time sat back to back, chatting when they knew they were alone but mostly working quietly with each other’s company. They felt that sitting so close may look odd but being back to back, people may not even realise who they were or perhaps they may assume that Bellatrix and Hermione hadn’t realised their proximity. So, this is the tactic they used during the day when it was hard to be alone. The only thing that posed a problem was when a Slytherin would walk pass and recognise them. Often, they’d try and get Bellatrix to join in with a bit of teasing, she would try to shrug them off mostly which was starting to concern Hermione a little bit. It wasn’t that she liked Bellatrix joining in with Slytherins, but she was realistic enough to know what could happen if people discovered what was happening between them. Harry and Ron knew now and though they were fighting, at least Hermione could trust them not to tell anyone until they worked it out. This worry about what may happen next had creeped up after Bellatrix and her parted way to go to bed that evening. She was so preoccupied she almost walked straight past the two figures sat by the fire waiting for her in the common room.

“hey ‘mione” Ron’s voice made Hermione jump slightly and turn to him and Harry.

“Oh, uh, hi” Hermione lingered slightly, waiting for someone to say something else before she carried on to her bed.

Ron side eyed a sheepish looking Harry and raised his eyebrows expectantly.

Harry stared back wide eyed for a moment then finally spoke “hey…um, fancy sitting with us for a bit?” His face rose to meet Hermione’s eyes.

Hermione recognised his expression immediately, he was ashamed. She’d been too preoccupied to think about what had happened between them. Seeing his face stirred a shame in her as well, he was angry and making accusations about Bella, but he only did it because he cared about her. She moved and sat in the chair next to them.

“Look Hermione…about what I said the other day, I lost my temper seeing you and Black together. Its just she’s treated you a particular way since you started Hogwarts for no good reason and I know I don’t know everything about you two, it just felt like she was pushing things to another level in terms of mind games.” Harry stared at his feet to wait for her reply.

“I know you only did it because you care for me Harry, and I admit I was quick to anger too, I think I just feel um.. strongly about her… so I just reacted”. Hermione felt as sheepish as Harry looked now.

“Well, I see that now and well me and Bla..Bellatrix” Harry corrected himself quickly “we spoke at Quidditch practice and she said about how she feels differently now, we made peace I guess”

Hermione eyebrows raised, she assumed it would take work to get Harry to come around, even after what he did to Bellatrix. She was also a little confused as to why Bellatrix hadn’t mentioned it, they’d been together a couple of times after that practise session. “well, I suppose we can put this all behind us then?”

Harry relaxed into a smile “yeah that sounds good.”

“Thank Merlin” Ron sighed “You two will turn my hair grey at this rate” he teased.

The initial awkwardness melted surely away as they spoke a little about other things, before swiftly going to bed. Hermione would have to remember to ask Bella about why she hadn’t mentioned her practise with Harry.


 

As the Golden trio fell soundly to sleep, there was others in the castle still wide awake. The air in the tunnels beneath Hogwarts were musky with the lingering of moisture and decay. Dumbledore’s shoes were throwing water across the bottom of his robes, making him damp and cold, but it didn’t matter. He couldn’t believe he has been so empty-headed, even at his age he could sometimes fall into the boyish habits he had always tried to shake off. He got so consumed with a task and trusted his own capabilities too much that occasionally he forgot to think things through. The cursed ring was on his desk and was moments away from poisoning him irreversibly, if Snape hadn’t of interrupted and convinced him to think of other methods, his fate would have been sealed. After a few weeks of research, they had finally thought of the obvious, a basilisk fang, something laying in excess under the castle floors.  The search for the rest of Voldemort’s horcruxes was a slow process that had only gotten more desperate in the time since the large number of escapees from Azkaban. How they managed it not even Dumbledore could fathom. Finally, he reached the great gaping jaws of the dead snake, all teeth present bar one. He plucked them all. Though he couldn’t imagine Voldemort would be capable of making a large amount of Horcruxes, there was no telling how many there were. Dumbledore gazed down at the fang in his hand and thought of Harry, he was probably sound asleep, completely unaware of the danger that lived within him. Another puzzle Dumbledore couldn’t quite figure out, there seemed only two options for the boy, death or a life of risk. The fondness that Dumbledore felt for the boy made the former option harder and harder to consider, he hoped that destroying the rest of the horcruxes and never allowing it to be know what lurked around Harry’s soul, may allow him to live. Was it doable? For the ability for Voldemort to return to remain for as long as Harry lived. What if Dumbledore was dead and gone when it happened? What if things were even worse than the times that claimed the lives of so many friends and loved ones, Harrys parents included? Thinking of such things would have to wait, there was too much to get out the way, and too little time to do it.

By the time Dumbledore was back into his living quarters he was exhausted, yet as he climbed into bed, he couldn’t help but run through what he had to do once more. Close to the bottom of his list of things that needed to be done was keeping an eye on Bellatrix Black. She was a smart girl and it was hard for him not to notice how much time she now spent with Hermione Granger. Such a sudden and drastic change was intriguing. The optimist in him liked to think that it was the start of a real change from Bellatrix despite her circumstances, but since her fathers escape and her early mornings to the owlery, he couldn’t be certain of her intentions. Like many great teachers, he could recognise raw talent and Bellatrix reminded him awfully of himself, she was smart and eager to learn but beyond academia there was a raw power in her that was almost visible when she performed magic. Her rage and her magic often went hand in hand, when he had first realised this, he had wanted nothing more than to help her control it, but there are certain families that even he couldn’t involve himself with. The Black family had connections everywhere and despite the head of the family’s incarceration, they could make his position as headmaster more vulnerable than even he could tolerate. He rolled over and continued to think a little while longer before finally succumbing to sleep.

 
“Ahh Bellatrix Black, fancy seeing you here” Frederick Dolohov’s sharp face stared down at her from the top of the owlery stairs.

 

“Topping up on your signature scent of owl shit Dolohov?” Bellatrix hated Frederick Dolohov more than any other Slytherin, his slimy psychopath of a father was close to her own and she knew that little Freddy idolised every fucked-up thing that daddy did as a death eater.

 

His face twisted slightly at the insult before relaxing back into his smug little smirk “come now Black, me and you will likely be spending a lot of time together in the near future, you should learn to respect one of your own”

 

“One of my own?” She arched a brow at him, she didn’t care to think what she might have in common with someone like him.

 

“don’t play dumb now, my father says you’re being quite useful.” Dolohov took a step closer to her “I was starting to wonder why you were spending so much time lurking around that mudblood Granger, you must be quite the actress”

 

Bellatrix’s stomach dropped and she clenched the wand in her pocket so tightly that she thought it may snap. “you know Freddy, daddy wouldn’t like it much if you blew their whole plan with your big mouth now would they” she stepped to get into his pointy face “so I suggest you be a little more cautious, considering who’s school we’re currently standing in”

 

Dolohov’s face paled as his rat-like eyes darted around the owlery, as if Dumbledore were about to reveal himself from around a corner. He turned back to face her and scowled “I would worry about yourself Black, I’d rather face my father than yours” with that he walked past her and down the stairs, pausing slightly to turn back and smirk at her before skulking out of sight.

 

Bellatrix had such an urge to curse him then and there, he knew about her getting closer to Hermione and clearly his slimy father had let him in on her father’s plan. She had tried so hard to be careful but, in a school so big, it was impossible to completely hide what her and Hermione were doing. She knew eventually that people would catch on and that word would reach her family and when her father escaped, she knew that he would learn of it too. That’s why she had to help her father; she could be close to Hermione without facing banishment from her family. She liked the idea of never speaking to her mother or father again, but reality was that she had nowhere to go. Even if she could manage to send her father back to Azkaban, the rest of his followers who avoided prison themselves would avenge him and would be more than happy to use Hermione in the punishment. The roots of the death eaters ran far and wide, even with their leader gone, they remained alive, ever eager to keep pure bloods on top the best they could.

 

Now that Dolohov was gone, Bellatrix drew out the letter from within her robe, addressed only to the Black family home. Aurors were watching for any sign of her father, but there was only so much they could do with vague letters that they didn’t have the right blood to read if intercepted. The letter in her hand would likely be one of her last to him anyway, Christmas break has practically arrived and soon it would be done and over. Then she would just have to deal with the aftermath, Hermione would be upset she knew that, but she had Bellatrix and she had the Weasley boy so it would be manageable, she would move past losing Harry. Harry was all that they wanted, Bellatrix’s father refused to elaborate on why, but she assumed it was revenge for leading to the loss of their “dark lord” both last year and when he was a baby. Her father was clear in his letters that he expected to go back to Azkaban sooner rather than later, that’s why he had reached out to her for help. He needed her to discover where Harry Potter would be going to when he left Hogwarts for Christmas and how he would be getting there, they had lost trust in other sources close to Hogwarts over the years and for whatever reason her father thought Bellatrix would come through. She was smart and cunning and when they last saw each other she was far more hateful, so I suppose she could see why he gave her the task.

 

The original plan was for Bellatrix to lure Potter into the forbidden woods by some means to have him taken, but getting into the woods would be a challenge and a gang of death eaters waiting for two teenagers under Dumbledore’s nose was a dumb idea. Bellatrix knew that Hermione and the Weasley boy would never let Potter go anywhere alone, Hermione would be caught in the crossfire and even though Dumbledore would likely intervene, the risk of Hermione being hurt or killed was too high to risk it. So, Bellatrix suggested a more subtle approach, wait for Christmas break and snatch him in the moments he was alone in Kings cross station. In order to plan she would talk with Hermione for hours, enjoying their time together and on the side, she would note what was said about Harry. Sometimes it was little things, like how he lived with Sirius Black now or how hot headed he was these days. At other times she spoke about his previous home, by the sounds of things his aunt and uncle had been neglectful and cruel, it made the guilt in Bellatrix flare up. To tame it she had to play the day he’d knocked her off her broom over and over again in her head, imagine his face twisted in rage firing towards her, the pain of the multiple fractures, the ridicule of her Slytherin peers and focus on that anger she felt. It was the only way to stomach what she had to do, force herself to keep hating him. Knowing what she did she suggested some details to her father that he seemed to like, the last part of the plan was simply to decide what part of Kings cross station to take Harry. Ron had to wait behind to rally up his many siblings to then meet his parents so he would remain near 9 and 3/4s. Hermione on the other hand mentioned how her parents always met her outside the station with their car, given that she lived in the Hampstead area meant that this was likely the west exit of the station. She had brought up before that Harry and Ron had never met her parents, which meant that Harry must meet Sirius at another exit. The only unknown was whereabouts Harry and Sirius met to take the journey home; it would determine where Harry would be snatched. Soon enough the letter was sent, and Bellatrix was heading back down the stairs, her throat tight and her palms sweaty.



 

Hermione looked around the great hall for Bellatrix, she’d been meaning to ask her about her talk with Harry. She scanned the Slytherin table but gave up quickly, Bellatrix didn’t seem to be around much in the early mornings. She shrugged it off, it wasn’t urgent, she was just curious about why Bellatrix hadn’t mentioned being civil with Harry. It seemed like something that Bellatrix would want to tell Hermione, since it showed that they could get along. Before long it was time for lessons to start so she would have to put it to the back of her head for now.

 

Surprisingly Hermione wasn’t all that focused on her lessons, she had completed the next week or so of notes and assignments. She always did in the run up to Christmas, she couldn’t stand the stress of getting all her work done, presents bought and bags packed. She had to pack her trunk to leave at home and her bags to stay at the Burrow. It had been decided that the trio would all go home to get their belongings in order and then meet the next day at the Burrow for the first week of the Christmas break, then Hermione would go back home for the second week for Christmas with her family. She was excited, but she also felt bad for Bellatrix, who was staying at Hogwarts over Christmas. Apparently, it was her mother’s decision not to celebrate as a family without their father and though Bellatrix seemed content with this, the idea that she would be mostly alone saddened Hermione tremendously. It was a shame about the bad blood between Bella’s family and pretty much every non-death eater in the wizarding world, or else Hermione may have asked about Bella coming to the Burrow. Perhaps one day she though,t as she packed up her bag to return to the common room.

 

 

Harry looked over at Hermione as she packed up her things, she seemed to be lost in thought. He was glad they’d made up in time for Christmas, but he was worried. Things between them were still rocky where Bellatrix was concerned, and he had something more to tell her. Sirius had asked to speak with Hermione. Harry hadn’t exactly meant to tell him, but after what he did to Bellatrix, Sirius had checked in on him through the common room fireplace. At the time Sirius had seemed a lot more concerned about Harry making up with Hermione. It was as though Sirius hadn’t remembered that when Harry said Bellatrix, he meant Bellatrix Black his cousin, daughter of one of the death eaters that had claimed the lives of many of his friends. Turns out he was a lot like Harry, in that he preferred to think things over alone for a while before talking it out with others. A few days ago, he did so, in the form of a letter that asked Harry if he would bring Hermione with him briefly when they met at the station for Christmas break, so that Sirius could have a word with Hermione in private before they all met at the Burrow. That was essentially all that the letter said, Harry thought about replying for more information, but he trusted Sirius and if he was honest, he still wasn’t fully sure about Bellatrix.

 

“Hermione, hey” Harry ran to catch up with Hermione as she walked to the common room.

 

“hey Harry, you okay” Hermione looked over at Harry’s face, he looked a little bit tense.

 

“yes thanks, I was just…wondering if you were all packed yet, I know you like to be ready early” he nudged her playfully.

 

Hermione laughed a little “you know me well, I have most of my things packed yes, but we are leaving on Saturday” She wagged her eyebrows a little at him.

 

“yeah you’re right, I never used to do it earlier than the night before but, I suppose I have more stuff now” Harry chuckled softly “I think that’s why Sirius refuses to meet me anywhere other than the exit of the station, so he doesn’t have to help me cart my stuff through all the people”

 

Hermione laughed at that “yeah all the muggles having a stare at Hedwig doesn’t seem fun either”

 

“yeah, the kids love it though. Besides, its’ all worth it to get back to Molly’s Christmas dinner” Harry pointed out.

 

“Mmmm and her desserts” Hermione thought about the Christmas puddings that Molly would make. She would never tell her own mum, but it was by far the best she’d ever tasted.

 

They chatted for a while about Christmas, how Sirius and Harry were going to see the Tonks’s but were spending Christmas day at the Burrow. Hermione talked about her own family, and how she was already cooking up some lies for her extended family about “boarding school”. Hermione felt like Harry had something to tell her that he was dancing around, but he didn’t mention anything. She shrugged it off, she was more focussed on finding Bellatrix and enjoying some more time together since they wouldn’t be seeing each other for a few weeks after Friday.


They had formed a habit of meeting in the library and going from there, today Bellatrix was sat with a heavy book waiting. Instead of speaking, Hermione leaned on the desk next to her to catch her eye and once she had caught Bellatrix’s attention, she smiled and began to walk out of the library.

 

“hey you, where are we going” Bellatrix sped up a little to match Hermione’s pace.

 

“thought we could go for a walk; let you treasure my presence for a bit before I leave” Hermione smirked at her.

 

Bellatrix forced a smile, but a sickness settled in her stomach. This might well be the last time that Hermione spoke to her if she figured out that she’d helped her father. That won’t happen she told herself; she was just ensuring that Hermione was out of the way and she’d never find out. If it were a moral problem to spare Hermione and Ron by only sacrificing Harry, she would be in the right.

 

“Something on your mind” Hermione had spotted her troubled face.

 

“Just going to miss you I suppose” Bellatrix watched Hermione blush, it wasn’t a lie, but she knew that saying stuff like that might have felt freeing if it weren’t for the weight in her chest. She had to get this all finished “so are you looking forward to going to Weasley house, that was where you said you were going isn’t it”

 

Hermione side glanced her a little, they didn’t talk much about their friends, but she was optimistic about where this was going. “yeah, a week at home for Christmas and then to the Burrow for a while.  It’ll be nice to be around a big family like theirs for a change”.

 

“Must be nice for Harry and Sirius too then if that’s the case” Bellatrix tried to push Harry into the conversation, so her questions wouldn’t seem as out of the blue.

 

Hermione furrowed her brow, she wasn’t sure what Bellatrix was thinking or why it concerned Harry, but then again maybe she wanted to bring up the chat her and Harry had at quidditch practice. “yes, I think they both get something that they’ve never really had by going to the burrow”.

 

“Mm, the Black family doesn’t exactly have game nights and Christmas mornings together, so I see why Sirius likes it” Bellatrix cleared her throat, “plus Christmas at Azkaban must have sucked” Bellatrix raised her brows at Hermione.

 

“yeah… I imagine that Christmas in prison must suck” Hermione gave Bellatrix a funny look but didn’t say anything more.

 

“I mean, must be tough picking Harry up too, people must stare at the platform after all the headlines and such”. Bellatrix kicked a stone and watched it plop into the lake, she wished for a moment she could swap places with it. At this moment in time she felt like she deserved it.  

 

So maybe this is about Sirius and not Harry? Hermione was puzzled, but at least if she played out the conversation, she could move into asking about Bella and Harry’s talk. “uhh Sirius waits outside, Grimmauld place isn’t too far from the station so I suppose he doesn’t even really need to come, but he wanted to apparently”.

 

“huh…that’s an old Black family house, I didn’t imagine that he’d stay there for any longer than he had to” Bellatrix furrowed her brow trying to remember the house. Grimmauld place was in Claremont square, that means that Sirius will be outside the east exit of King’s cross.

 

“Well while ‘you know who’ was still around in the beginning and his…uh followers afterwards, he felt it made sense for Harry to stay there.” Hermione was careful not to mention the word deatheater.

 

“Mm, if there’s one thing old blood can do it’s tighten security” Bellatrix mused aloud.

 

“That must be why some people are so hard to track down I suppose” Hermione raised his brows at Bella to pose it as a question she didn’t exactly need an answer to.

 

“That’s the problem with pure blood families, takes a pretty resilient traitor to take down anyone significant” Bella’s matter of fact face stared back at Hermione.

 

The way it was said made Hermione wonder which side she spoke in favour of, the family or the traitor. “But I do think that Sirius and Harry are looking for somewhere with a better atmosphere, once things are fully settled.”

 

Bella chuckled “yes I can’t imagine the décor screams ‘cosy’”.

 

Hermione laughed back “yeah not exactly, suits Harry’s moods lately though, very uh erratic” Hermione was trying to transition seamlessly “Speaking of which, he said you two spoke about that sort of thing”.

 

Bellatrix’s cheeks went a little bit hot “uh, it was a quidditch exercise training thing or whatever, we made peace about the accident thing I guess” she stared at the floor, guilty and a little embarrassed.

 

By the look of Bella’s face she could tell she didn’t enjoy the new topic “that’s, pretty big of you to forgive him after everything” Hermione looked at her, wishing she would look at her so she could gauge how Bella might be feeling.

 

“ahh it’s just, you know it made sense, he has a very cute best friend who made it up to me” Bella slapped on a flirty smile and looked up at Hermione, she couldn’t let her poke this topic too much.

 

Hermione blushed a little “Ronald did what” Hermione smirked back at Bella.

 

“ha ha. very funny Granger” Bella chuckled “you know I think that’s the most surprising thing I learnt about you”

 

“oh, what’s that?” Hermione playfully lowered her brows.

 

“you are sometimes, very occasionally, funny” Bella winked at Hermione.

 

Hermione laughed and nudged Bellatrix “well when I get back, you’ll have missed me so much I’ll be hilarious”.

They carried on like this for a time, walking and joking, discussing a little of everything. Soon it was cold and getting too dark to stay out for much longer, so they walked slowly together until they came to the spot where they usually went their separate ways. Hermione looked at Bella and smiled, Bella retuned the gesture, but it seemed a little forced.

 

“are you sure there wasn’t anything else on your mind?” Hermione tilted her head a little, Bella had said it was only about missing her, but the raven haired girl looked almost sick.

 

Bellatrix looked into Hermione’s warm eyes, if she just told her everything right now, what would happen? Would they run to Dumbledore? Would Hermione never speak to her again? Even if she did tell Hermione and Dumbledore, she’d said it herself earlier today; old blood means tight security. Her father would find someway to get to Harry, whether it was this weekend or in 10 years, she couldn’t risk Hermione being there.

 

“I just, really don’t like the holidays is all” Bellatrix turned away her hot face to break their eye contact before she gave anything else away.

 

Hermione’s heart ached for Bellatrix and she wished more than anything that Bella had some family she could be close to, but even her sisters were a touchy topic as well. “Well, maybe one day we can have a Christmas that you will like”. Hermione smiled softly, hoping Bella would agree.

 

Bellatrix gave a small smile back “yes, hopefully one day we will”.

 

With a brief kiss, they went their separate ways. Hermione to a restful night’s sleep, and Bellatrix to 8 hours of tossing and turning.



Bellatrix’s weeks had started to feel a little bit repetitive. The only part of them she’d been enjoying were evenings with Hermione and maybe the occasional quidditch game where she didn’t get maimed. After this week however, it would all be different. No more letters. No more planning and sneaking around. She wouldn’t have to get information out of Hermione, she would only need to be there for her once Harry was gone. She could do that. she had to do that. It was too late to go back now. She had just sent the final letter to her father; Saturday was set in stone now and there was just a couple more days to wait.

 


 

“harry mate, you’ve got to tell her at some point” Ron was making his way through another sausage as he appealed to Harry across the dining table.

 

“I know, I will tell her… on the train” Harry mumbled slightly at the end, knowing Ron would disapprove.

 

“That’s cutting it a bit fine, ’mione will wonder why you waited to tell her” Ron raised his eyebrows at Harry, they had only just made up and Ron didn’t have the energy for another round of peace making between his two stubborn best friends.

 

“I know, and I know me and Black came to an understanding but” Harry looked around the near empty dining hall “but I still think it would be better for Hermione to hear Sirius out about Bellatrix before Bellatrix can get her word in first about him”

 

“D’you think he wants to warn her off then?” Ron forced the words through more sausage.

 

“I mean, he knows what the Black family is like better than anyone, and from he’s told me about them I assumed that’s what his plan was.” Harry shrugged; he probably should have asked Sirius more about what he wanted to talk to Hermione about, but it was too late now really.

 

“As long as everyone turns up to the Burrow on time so mum doesn’t moan, then it’ll be fine” Ron smiled, and watched Harry chuckle.


“Well?” a small boy looked him self up and down in the mirror, fluffing at his hair.

 

Behind him a large balding man with a large moustache watched “very convincing, just need to practise the voice I’d say and we’re ready” He scratched his face, how people kept these horrid things on their faces he never knew.

 

“Mm yes, I think this will do nicely” the boy walked away from the mirror and sat in a nearby armchair. He let out soft whimpers and tried to make tears come to his eyes, but none would come. He puffed out a frustrated sigh, he’s just needed to use something to make his eyes water. A sleeve rubbed in mandrake oil would suffice. With a gentle smile growing on his young face the boy pulled a small knife from his pocket and began to twirl it between his fingers, everything was just about ready.  


 

Bellatrix stood at the top of the stairs that lead down to the ground floor. Below students were running around trying to get themselves sorted and saying their goodbyes to one another. The train was leaving this morning and it always created a buzz. She was waiting for Hermione, they agreed to meet there and then find somewhere private to go for a final goodbye. Hopefully, Hermione wouldn’t notice how on edge Bellatrix looked. When she’d got dressed that morning, she had spent a bit of time trying to conceal the bags under her eyes from the sleepless nights. It might be wise to get used to those, she thought, unless she found some magic cure for guilt. Just as she shook away the thought, she felt a presence close behind her and the brush of fingers at her hip. There was only one person who would dare touch her like that, she smiled and turned to find Hermione looking around them for prying eyes. Upon seeing that it was clear, Hermione took Bellatrix’s hand and led her to a deserted hallway and though a rather small looking door that stood behind a torn tapestry. The door led to an even more deserted hallway that was far narrower than the main ones intended for students.

 

Bellatrix glanced around them “you know I have never seen this hallway before”

 

Hermione smirked, glad to know something that Bellatrix didn’t “ah well I know a lot of secret passageways”

 

“oh really, never taken you for the rebellious type Granger” Bellatrix liked when Hermione pulled that look of self-satisfaction, it was very cute.

 

“well, I know where they are…doesn’t mean I take them” Hermione chuckled and smiled when Bellatrix did too. “so, I suppose this is our last secret date for a while”.

 

“Just for a little while” Bellatrix thought to herself for a moment “maybe things don’t have to be as secret when you come back”.

 

Hermione turned and looked at Bellatrix full on “what do you mean” she raised a brow, why would the new year change the circumstances.

 

“I just mean, this uh… us it’s you know” Bellatrix could feel her face starting to burn “I think it could be a long-term thing and its only matter of time before people really catch on. If they haven’t already that is”

 

Hermione moved closer to Bellatrix and put a hand upon her hip “what about your family and friends, what about your life” she said with a calm sympathetic face.

 

Bellatrix stared back into Hermione’ hazel eyes “They’re not really my friends, and as family goes, I can’t say I’ve been close to anyone in a long time. Not after what I did to Andromeda”

 

Hermione stayed silent, hoping Bellatrix would elaborate.

 

“I told you that she left but, she was made to leave. She, I.” Bellatrix shifted her weight uncomfortably “There was a boy, he’s her husband now I believe, they met at Hogwarts and he was muggle born. My sisters and I were all quite close but… I was younger than them both. I don’t think they trusted me with it, didn’t think I would understand. I guess they were right after all” Bellatrix didn’t know why she was telling Hermione this now, but it felt right. “I found a letter from the muggle born boy, Tonks. It was hidden in a book we used to use for secret messaged to one another. It was a love letter and he spoke about things… uh... you know, going home to his muggle parents for the summer and how being with Andromeda was all he thought about. At the time I thought that muggles were some sort of, well you know what my father’s people are like. I thought she was in danger, that she’d be in trouble, but she’d be safer if I told my father. So, I did.”

 

Hermione rubbed at Bellatrix’s arm gently, waiting as she paused.

 

“he almost killed her” she whispered “If Narcissa hadn’t of stepped in long enough to let her run then he would have. Narcissa spent days in bed, shifting in and out of consciousness” Bellatrix looked down at her shoes, ashamed of herself. “She wasn’t the same after that, she became like any other adult in the family. Cold, dismissive. I was left to fester with the knowledge that my parents were horrible and my sisters were lost to me.” She took a deep breathe in “so the point of what im saying is that. Well, there’s nothing I could possibly lose now, that would be worth more than being with you” Bellatrix looked up again at Hermione, her face sad and serious.

 

Hermione brushed a stray curl out of Bellatrix’s and then rested her fingers around the nape of her neck. She looked at her for a moment and then leaned in to kiss her. They kissed slowly, before Hermione pulled away to look at her again. “I love you” she whispered and smiled gently.

 

“I…” Bellatrix’s couldn’t form any words.

 

Hermione maintained her smile “It’s okay, you don’t have to say it back” She kissed her again. “The trains going to be leaving soon, I better get my things ready”.

 

“I suppose we better get going then” Bellatrix breathed deeply and stepped back, breaking the thick tension. She felt giddy and overwhelmed, like her heart was beating so hard it might become audible to Hermione.

 

They left the hallway after making sure that Bellatrix had Hermione’s address so she could write, then Hermione went back to the Gryffindor common room. Bellatrix felt her last chance to come clean slip away as the usual sick feeling settled back in her stomach. She gripped her fist and went back to her own dorm. Deep in her trunk she found a quarter bottle of fire whiskey she kept handy. Her dorm was empty at this point, most of the Slytherin girls in her dorm room were also the daughters in old pure blood families, they had a strict schedule at Christmas. If she didn’t feel so rotten inside, she might have pitied them she thought as she took a deep sip and sat on the edge of her bed, hoping she might sleep the Christmas holidays away.


Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked through the train till they found an empty carriage and pilled in to sit down. Ron and Hermione on one side and Harry on the other. Ron has shuffled in such a way that Harry and Hermione sat opposite each other and Harry felt he had done it on purpose. This was confirmed after roughly an hour of the journey when Ron caught Harry’s eye during a causal conversation about what Sirius was up to. Ron looked right into his eyes and raised his eyebrows.

 

Harry sighed quietly “Speaking of Sirius, he sent me a letter the other day about uh…you, Hermione” He grasped his hands, nervous that Hermione would be mad. “He asked if he would be able to speak to you, privately, before we get to the Burrow”.

 

Hermione looked confused for a moment and then her face settled into slight disappointment. “I think I can guess what it’s about, where would he like to talk then?”

 

“I was thinking if you didn’t mind meeting him at the station before meeting your parents” Harry blurted it out fast, wanting this to be over.

 

Hermione thought about it for a moment, Sirius had always been someone she respected a lot. Ever since he had taken custody of Harry, he’d seemed to change. He was calmer, happier and had even started talking about his past. She wondered if he would try to convince her to steer clear of Bella. Either way, she knew she had to find out. Even if it was just so it wasn’t tense at the Burrow. “okay, I’ll hear what he wants to say to me”. Hermione said softly.

 

After that, their conversation died down as the day passed outside the window. The train always left in the morning and arrived in the evening. It was a long journey, but it was a wonderful sight to watch the day mature outside the window. They sat leaning, tired from doing nothing and eager to get home and sleep. Eventually they arrived at Kings cross, Hermione had almost forgotten that she was meeting Sirius and she grew a little bit nervous.  The three teens walked out of the train and down the platform until they got close to the exit of 9 and ¾. They slowed and Ron said he’d see them soon and to make sure they brought room in their cases for a new jumper when they came to the Burrow. Harry and Hermione both chuckled and waved as they went to leave the platform, on the other side they walked steadily towards the East exit of Kings cross to see Sirius.

 

“Thank you for doing this Hermione, just know that whatever he says, he’s only saying it because he cares about you” Harry turned his head slightly towards her with an understanding expression.

 

Hermione nodded and smiled “of course” her stomach churned with nerves.

 

As they grew closer, Harry noticed how empty this side of the station seemed, and those who were there appeared to pace at an oddly fast speed. Despite this, their faces seemed relaxed, as though only their legs knew they were late. He shrugged it off, perhaps they’d all come from the same office and were all stuck in the same meeting. Harry had always been a fan of people watching and he scanned people one by one lazily as they walked, then something caught his eye. Sat on a bench nearby was a small boy, in front of him stood a man who looked to be the definition of burly. He had a great bushy moustache and his build was straining the seams of his worn out suit.

 

“YOU STUPID WASTE OF A BOY, LOOK WHAT YOU’VE DONE NOW” The man’s thick finger pointed at a trunk on the ground, that looked to have fallen off of the boy’s trolley. “YOU GET THAT THING ON A TROLLEY AND MEET ME OUTSIDE IN 10 MINUTES OR YOU CAN SLEEP ON THAT BENCH TILL YOU GO BACK TO YOUR LITTLE FREAK SCHOOL” He marched off towards the exit.

 

The boy on the bench was now snivelling to himself and balling his fists into his eyes. His uniform matched his father’s suit and hugged him too snuggly. Harry assumed they were badly fitting hand me downs. He began to walk over to the boy on instinct. When he was finally in front of him, Harry put his hand lightly on the boy’s shoulder, and felt a flinch in return.

 

“Oh, sorry, I’m sorry” The boy muttered, his eyes red and his nose running so hard that he had to wipe it on his sleeve.

 

“It’s okay” Harry said with a smile “would you like a hand with your trunk?”

 

“Uh oh yes please” The boy brushed his floppy dark hair out of his blue eyes. “oh my gosh, you’re Harry Potter”

 

“Yeah that’s me” He said with a chuckle “and this is my friend Hermione” Harry looked at Hermione, who now stood by his side.

 

The boys face flashed with an unreadable expression for such a brief time that Hermione assumed she had imagined it, then he smiled widely.

 

“hello” Hermione said returning the grin “shall we get you on your way then?” she had moved her trolley to the side with Harrys and now stood at one end of the trunk.

 

“uhhh” the boy glanced at a large clock on the wall of the station “um yes on this trolley here if that’s okay” he pulled his trolley closer “and uh its heavy, sorry about that, lots of books and such you know”

Harry stood at the other end of the trunk and looked at Hermione, she stared back and widened her eyes at him. This boy was a little strange, but it didn’t hurt to help him after all. She bent down and took a trunk handle in unison with Harry and started to lift. The thing weighed as though it was filled to the brim with only books. She looked back up at Harry to see his red strained face, then she looked down at the boy. The boy was staring as Harry, his tears and polite smile was gone, and he stood watching every movement in Harry’s face calmly as he placed his own hand on the trunk. A sick feeling washed over Hermione as she realised that something was very wrong. She opened her mouth to shout to Harry, but before the words were formed the floor had dropped from beneath her feet and the trunk had begun to spin. Harry’s shocked face met hers and she let out a scream as a large dark figure came behind Harry and dragged him backwards. Suddenly she felt a pressure on the back of her head and her vision blurred into darkness.

 


Sirius looked at his watch again, the train should have arrived 20 minutes ago, and he was starting to get worried. He’d assumed they’d been taking longer so Harry could speak to Hermione, perhaps she’d needed convincing to talk to him. However now the streams of students and parents leaving the station had died down. Earlier a large man had rushed out of the station doors and looked him so fiercely in the eye that Sirius felt they knew each other, then he barged past Sirius, hard, despite knowing he was there. It had left him with a feeling that something was unfolding that he wasn’t privy to. He could reason with himself that it was nonsense, that the man had seen his mugshot years ago or something but now that time had passed, he could no longer just stand waiting. He walked through the station doors and looked around, it was eerily empty, and he could feel magic in the air, like a magnetic pull. It was easy to follow and after a short amount of walking he felt he was at the centre of it, glancing around he noticed that the very few people walking though the chunk of station they were in seemed to speed up in their pace until they were further away. They must be muggles he thought, he turned around to check the seating areas at the edge of walkway and noticed two abandoned trolleys packed with luggage. On top of one the trolleys sat Hedwig, she was distressed and nipping at the door of her cage. Sirius could now feel his heartbeat in his ears, the other trolley must be Hermione’s.

 

“Hermione!!”

 

Sirius looked up and saw a man and a woman, they kept getting closer to where he was and then seemed to turn away, as though there was a wall there instead. He got out his wand stealthily and used a generic spell to remove whatever barrier spell had been placed.

 

“hello?” He shouted.

 

The couple turned with a start, as though a whole new chunk of the station had appeared out of thin air, then they walked hastily towards Sirius.

 

“Sorry did you say you were looking for Hermione?” Sirius looked them up and down, they must be her parents.

 

“Yes, she’s our daughter, do you know her?” Mr Granger said, “do you know where she is?”

 

“I’m Sirius, Harry’s godfather, he hasn’t come to meet me, so I came here looking for him, I believe these are his and Hermione’s luggage” Sirius looked to the abandoned trolleys.

 

“That’s Hermione’s trunk” Mrs Granger’s voice wobbled as she spoke and then she covered her mouth as though she may let out a sob or a scream.

 

Sirius tried to appear calm, but he felt as though he could sob or scream himself. “I’m going to use Harry’s owl to contact the Ministry of Magic.” He stuffed his hands into his pockets but found no parchment. “do you have anything I could write with?”

 

Mrs granger dug around her purse and pulled out a neat little notepad with an attached pen and handed it to Sirius. He opened it quickly and scribbled down a letter to the authorities explaining what he found and how he expected this was some sort of kidnapping.

 

“Shouldn’t we call the police” Mr Granger looked at his wife and then at Sirius.

 

“it is doubtful that any mug…uh non-magical person did this, excuse me a moment and apologies in advance” He drew out his wand and created a Patronus and a ghostly looking shaggy dog appeared before him. “Go to Dumbledore, tell him that Harry and Hermione have been taken from Kings Cross and that I’ve sent word to the ministry.” Then the dog began to run and dissipated into the air.

 

Mrs Granger looked startled and appeared to swallow hard “how do you know it’s a magical person that might have…?”

 

Sirius turned to look at her, confused. Did she not know about the past 5 odd years, all of them fighting against he who must not be named? He thought for a moment, if he were a muggle, and his own child had of been in Hermione’s position, he imagined that he wouldn’t have sent her back to Hogwarts after first year. She must have been keeping all of that a secret from her family so she could keep going to Hogwarts. How lonely it must be for your family to miss out on half of your life, that must be why Harry and Ron had never met Hermione’s parents since briefing them would be an awkward endeavour.  

 

“Well uh… students typically aren’t permitted to use magic outside of the school. But, in the case of self- defensive it is acceptable, and no offence intended, but I think the two would be more than able to hold their own against someone without the advantage of magic.” Sirius felt as though he was saying something rude, but he knew it was the truth.

 

Mr Granger looked at the floor a moment, and then grunted a noise of vague acceptance. Suddenly behind them came a crack and as they looked, Dumbledore walked towards them, his stature average and yet his presence seemed to fill the station.

 

“Sirius, Mr and Mrs Granger” Dumbledore gave each individual a nod of greeting before turning his attention immediately to the two abandoned trolleys. He studied the two teen’s luggage and then turned to scan the station around them. The embellished emerald robe that Dumbledore wore gave him the air of a fairy tale character, yet his mannerisms made him seem like a detective.

 

“someone put up a barrier to steer away muggles, I removed it for the sake of Mr and Mrs Granger. It seems whoever put it up wasn’t overly concerned about removing it to cover their tracks” Sirius said to Dumbledore, who was now performing some silent spells around the floor and walls.

 

“Mmm, there’s nothing to indicate what happened beyond that the children were here and now they’re not” He scrunched his face up slightly before looking up at the top corner of a wall. “Mr and Mrs Granger, perhaps you may know where we might find what that camera device may have seen” Dumbledore pointed to the CCTV camera watching above and gave them a kind look.


 

Her head felt as though her brain was knocking on the inside of her skull. Groggily, she opened her eyes and saw that the sun was up. She sat up and got her bearings, then she realised what day it was suddenly very awake. Hermione will send me a letter soon, telling me that Harry was gone, Bellatrix thought. She got dressed and made her way towards the great hall, not many people stayed over Christmas, and yet the great hall almost seemed busy. It was also later than she thought, the post must have already come, but there had been no letter left in her dorm or anywhere else for that matter. Perhaps Hermione was too overwhelmed to write just yet, that made sense. As she walked into the great hall, she noticed how everyone was in very active conversations, turning around to other groups with stunned faces and then turning to spread the message to another. They must have already heard about Potter then, she walked over to a group of students in her year who were muttering to each other in serious tones, thinking she should at least check for the sake of appearances.

 

“What’s going on” She stood confident at the head of the group.

 

A Ravenclaw boy turned to her “you haven’t already heard” the gossip was apparently so interesting that he’d forgotten to be afraid of her. “Harry Potter and Hermione Granger have been kidnapped”.

 

“Right out of Kings Cross” exclaimed another girl “God knows how they got both of them without any witnesses”.

 

Bellatrix stood still and stared at the Ravenclaw boy as her skin turned from its usual fair shade to an almost grey colour. She turned swiftly and walked at speed from the great hall.

 

“well that was weird” said the Ravenclaw boy with a furrowed brow.

 

Another member of the group let out an assumed huff, “I bet she knows who did it, that’s why she looked so guilty”. The others in the group let out noises of agreement and carried on with their gossiping.

 

Bellatrix’s walk turned into a jog and then a sprint, until she found a girl’s bathroom. She turned into the nearest cubicle and was immediately sick. She continued to vomit until her stomach was empty and her eyes were watering. What in Merlin’s name had she done, this whole time the truth had been so close to pouring out of her and she had stopped it. After all the books she’d read and all the growing up she’d done, she still couldn’t see that history always repeats itself. She walked to the mirror to sort out her face and breath briefly so that she wasn’t storming around with vomit on her face. It was time to the do the hard thing instead of trying to manipulate things that weren’t really in her control. She left the bathroom and walked at speed, pushing past other students when necessary until she came to the gargoyle by Dumbledore’s office. Just as she began to worry about not having a password, the statue began to move, and she jumped back. Out of the stairway walked two people in what was clearly muggle clothing. The woman had a kind face that was red and blotchy, she was stuffing tissues into her bag that had evidently been used to dry her eyes. The man with her put his arm around her and rubbed her shoulder, his face was troubled, but he forced out a smile to whom Bellatrix assumed to be his wife. Behind them followed a familiar face, older and hairier than she remembered from childhood. He rubbed his face as he walked out as though he hadn’t slept, Bellatrix thought of Harry, the only family that Sirius truly had, and realised she had spent years hating the Black family and all they stood for, just to act exactly like them when it counted. Tearing people away from their families, for a selfish goal of trying to get the best of both worlds. Just as Dumbledore came out to join the group, Sirius noticed her. He looked at her as though she’d popped up from out of the stone floor, with shock and a slight bit of discomfort. Before he could say anything, Dumbledore stepped forward and searched her face with his bright blue eyes. She looked back at him before looking at the muggle couple and Dumbledore turned to see what she was looking at.

 

“Miss Black, this is Mr and Mrs Granger, I’m sure you may have heard by now what’s going on” He gestured his arm towards them and they both gave her a strained smile.

 

She recognised their features now, Hermione’s eyes in the mother, the slight stern look of her father, they looked worried sick and it made her think of how Hermione might look right now. Would she be crying too? Would she be conscious? Would she be bleeding? She looked away from them ashamed.

 

“Professor I need to speak with you” Bellatrix said in serious tone. “I… “. She forced down the lump in her throat “I know where they are”

 

Dumbledore looked at her with sad eyes, he had hoped so much that Bellatrix and Hermione’s relationship would conquer the shadow of Bellatrix’s family that always surrounded her, but it seems he had been too optimistic.


 

“Why is the girl already waking up Dolohov” Cygnus Black was shaking out his limbs as they grew back to their original length, the Polyjuice potion was wearing off, but he was impatient and sick of being the height of a boy.

 

“There wasn’t enough of the drought that we used on the boy to knock the girl out too, so I just hit her over the head.” Dolohov sighed and scratched where his Polyjuice moustache had been. “The boy won’t be awake for a couple hours”

 

“Hm, well then I suppose we can dispose of her before we get started then” Cygnus said calmly as his height slowly rose inch by inch to his proper stature.

 

“Bella” Hermione whispered as she drifted in and out of consciousness.

 

Cygnus turned and stared at the girl slumped on the ground of the dungeon, then turned his head towards Dolohov “Did she just say my daughter’s name”

 

Dolohov stared at the ground and sucked his teeth “I don’t imagine Bellatrix told you how she managed to get close to Potter then”.

 

Cygnus stared at him with a chilling glare until he continued.

 

“Listen, my Frederick is a bit of a loudmouth, but he says your Bellatrix got pretty close to the mudblood.” Dolohov wasn’t afraid of Cygnus as such, but the man had a stare like Medusa, and he was starting to sweat under his gaze. “People said they were seen meeting at night and such but…look she’s a smart girl, she probably just didn’t want to be seen with filth” Dolohov shrugged slightly at him and focused on a smudge of something on his sleeve.

 

Cygnus didn’t say anything in reply, his daughter wasn’t the child he had always wanted, but he did know she didn’t hide. Regardless of whether she was parading around with filth, if she were doing it for the family’s benefit then she wouldn’t hide it. He knew this because the only thing his daughter feared was him, so she obviously didn’t want him to know how close she’d needed to get to the mudblood.

 

“go and get what we need set up, I’ll take care of the girl” Cygnus said without looking at the other man.

 

Dolohov nodded and then walked up the stairs of the dungeon and out to the ground floor not looking back, he almost felt bad for the girl.



Hermione’s mouth was wide open, and she let out a scream into the marble floor, her bones felt like they had been lit on fire, and that the only relief would be to pull off her skin with her own hands. When it stopped, she went limp and the air she dragged into her lungs felt icy cold.

 

“I was going to get rid of you quickly Mudblood, but it seems that now I’m going to make this the longest day of your life” Cygnus threw his wand up again. “Crucio”

 

The next scream was unstoppable as it tore from her throat, making her eyes water. Hermione had never wanted herself dead, but in that moment, she wished he had of killed her quickly like he’d planned to.

 

“Now, are you going to tell me why you were whispering my daughter’s name in your sleep” He walked over to where the girl was crumpled on the ground and used his foot to roll her over on to her back to look up at him.

 

“we…we were friends” Hermione stared up into his piercing blue eyes, the sharpness in his face reminded her of Bellatrix’s regal cheekbones.

 

“All your kind does is lie” Cygnus’s face screwed up as he spat the words out “thrilling as it must be to have someone of stature give you the time of day, I can’t imagine why you would be murmuring their name at night” He raised his wand slowly once again.

 

“we…” Hermione hesitated, she didn’t want to out Bellatrix, but if he cursed her again, she wasn’t sure she’d ever come back from it. Ashamed as she was to admit it, she always thought of the Longbottoms when her and the others had been fighting against Voldemort and his followers. She knew their fate of life-long insanity was far worse than death and that if she had to choose, she would rather Cygnus kill her in a rage than break her mind trying to wean the information out of her. “We were more than friends, we were together” her voice croaked out the words.  

 

Cygnus stared down at her for a short time, considering her words before he slid his hand into his pocket. “My daughter made a grave sacrifice by allowing filth that close to her, but make no mistake Mudblood, she did it for the greater good of her people, and most importantly her family”. From his pocket Cygnus drew out a small, polished knife and fiddled with it between his fingers. “Bellatrix got close to you to give me information, so that I could bring the dark lord back using the Potter boy” He met her eyes again. “you weren’t even meant to end up here, but I imagine she will glad to have you disposed of, I owe my daughter that at the very least for all she has done for the dark lord”.

 

Bellatrix wouldn’t do that, why would she have done that, she hated her family. “No, she wouldn’t. It’s not possible” Hermione threw the feeble words at him.

 

Cygnus chuckled slightly “There is one thing in this life I am sure of, and that is how afraid of me my daughter is. Fear means obedience and obedience means loyalty”. He began to walk slow circles around Hermione. “My Bellatrix turned in her own sister for mixing with filth, she wouldn’t spare a thought about you or Harry Potter of all people”. Cygnus sneered in anger at even the idea that his daughter would care for the Mudblood on their marble floor, but he composed himself. “When the dark lord returns, it will be a nice surprise for her, and she will be rewarded most grandly for her efforts”. With a sudden movement Cygnus stood over Hermione and dropped to his knees to pin down her arms, “I’m going to remind you of what you are” He took the knife in his hand to Hermione’s arm and began to carve as she struggled and screeched  “then I’m going to let you watch your little friend die”.  



“It’s up here” Bellatrix rushed up to the overgrown gates of what appeared to be an abandoned house. As she grew close, the vines un-winded themselves from the metal of the gate and once it was clear it swung open so she could enter. Before them stood the Black family house. Her, Sirius and Dumbledore had come as soon as she had confessed, they had sent word to the ministry that they were coming, and Bellatrix only prayed that this was where his father had taken Hermione and Harry. She ran up the walkway and past all of the anally maintained gardens till she came to the front door. When she grabbed the handle, it took a second for the magic engrained in the building to recognise her blood before the door handle slacked in her hand and allowed the door to be opened. Bellatrix walked into the foyer and looked into the small ballroom that stood just beyond it, at first it looked as though no one was there, but Dumbledore had already lurched forward towards a slumped figure on the ground. She felt as though everything were in slow motion as she followed him and watched him kneel next to a bleeding Hermione, his hands hovering over her.

 

“She’s alive, there’s no fatal injuries” His hand twitched as it got to her left arm, he got his wand from his sleeve and Bellatrix stared, frozen in place, as he chanted and Hermione’s blood began to seep back into her forearm. When the blood was all gone, it revealed a word marked in deep red scratches.

 

“It won’t heal” Dumbledore said whispered solemnly and behind them Sirius gasped at the sight of the wound. “Bellatrix there’s no time, are there dungeons here?”

 

Bellatrix said nothing, she continued only to look down at Hermione.

 

“I know where they are, Albus” Sirius said and began to walk towards the staircase just down a nearby corridor.

 

Dumbledore rose and put his hands on Bellatrix’s shoulders “Stay with Hermione, we are going to get Harry and make sure no one else is here, if anyone comes then shout for me and I will come”

 

She watched as the two men hurried to find Harry, their only tie to fatherhood. Bellatrix walked closer and looked down to Hermione’s left side, at the angry scratches of the word that had been carved into Hermione’s soft skin. ‘MUDBLOOD’. She had used the word so many times and heard it even more, she knew the intent behind it, but never before had its destruction been more palpable. Next to Hermione’s side laid a knife slathered in blood, it was small and had a swirling set of initials marked into the handle. It was her father’s blade, the one he always carried with him. Her knees felt weak and she felt the urge to lowered herself next to Hermione, but behind her Bellatrix heard the slow click of familiar shoes, so she stayed on her feet. She found the wand in her robe and held it tightly in her sleeve.

 

“Bellatrix?” Cygnus Blacks face was relaxed but slightly confused as he slowed to a stop a little way in front of her “what are you doing here?”.

 

Bellatrix turned and stared back at his skinny, aged face, he looked like he’d been in Azkaban for a decade.

 

Cygnus’s brow furrowed at the lack of reply from his daughter, he started to walk towards her with his mouth beginning to form his next question. 

 

Before any words could leave her father’s mouth, Bellatrix raised her wand. “Avada Kedavra”. The burst of green from her wand seemed to hit her father like nothing more than a breath of smoke, but instantly he dropped to his knees and then flat on to the ground like he was a puppet who’s strings had all been cut at once. She heard more footsteps coming towards her, but she didn’t care to look at who was coming. Instead she walked to her father’s corpse and stared at the back of his head. A pressure rose in her throat, it felt almost like vomit. She raised her hand to her mouth instinctually, as a laugh broke out of her mouth. Once she had started, it was almost as though she couldn’t stop. The laugh that came from her was raw and sinister, yet as it forced itself out of her mouth, it felt as though it took with it a weight that had been sitting inside of her for all of her life.

 

Dumbledore stood in shock watching Bellatrix with a horrified expression, Sirius did the same with an unconscious Harry in his arms. Then Dumbledore heard footsteps coming up to the entrance of the home and hurried to Bellatrix’s side, he grabbed the wand from her hand and quickly performed the same healing spell he had performed on Hermione randomly into the air. “Stop now, when they ask you what happened, you say we found him dead, do you understand?” Dumbledore held Bellatrix’s hand as he put the wand back into it and stared deeply into her eyes as her laughter finally died down. Then a group of people in official looking robes broke down the front door and burst through, he released her hand and walked back to Hermione’s side.

 

“We need medical attention please” Dumbledore said smoothly and a couple of wizards in doctors’ robes rushed past the Aurors to help.

 

It didn’t take long for the building to become a crime scene, with people everywhere looking at Cygnus Black’s body and searching his home. They checked everyone’s wands to see what spells they had last cast and made notes of everyone’s accounts. Bellatrix told them nothing, they tried to probe her, but she simply stared back at them and soon they gave up, assuming she was grieving the sudden death of her father. With some back and forth Dumbledore and Sirius were allowed to take Harry and Bellatrix to Hogwarts, and the medics took Hermione back to St. Mungo’s hospital. It wasn’t long after they had left that the Aurors found Antonin Dolohov and Druella Black hiding in an upstairs room with a gathering of suspicious items. They were taken into custody and it was concluded that they were planning to perform some ritual with Harry and had possibly killed Cygnus in some sort of disagreement, despite Mrs Black’s horror upon hearing that her husband had been murdered in rooms below her. It was easy for them to patch together a story that looked good in a headline, where good had overcome evil just in time and Dumbledore insisted that they had his full support. Despite this being the conclusion of the case, rumours quickly gathered steam about Bellatrix’s actions, many were now coming out of the woodwork claiming to have seen Hermione and Bellatrix together. Thus, Hogwarts was briming with whispers that it had in fact been Bellatrix who had killed her own father for her muggle born love, and that Dumbledore, in the interest of protecting children, had helped cover it up. Though there was a renewed fear of Bellatrix in the student body, the whole tale seemed too ridiculous to be worth protests to the ministry for a better investigation, and so it remained only a rumour.

 


Dumbledore leaned on his office desk and stared down at the items upon it: the ring, the goblet, the diary and all the objects he had collected over the years. Every horcrux had been destroyed, except for one. Harry potter. Dumbledore sighed deeply, when the last plot to bring back Voldemort had failed, dumbledore had upped his pace at finding the horcruxes, thinking that he would have time to remove them all. Then all he would have to do is keep Harry safe and hope that no one else knew about the small piece of Voldemort that lived within him. But he had failed, a plot had been carried out beneath his nose and the optimist in him had overlooked the daughter of a notorious death eater. Even at his age, he wished so badly that his past wouldn’t define his actions that he projected that onto the children he taught. He shook off the negative thoughts, there was still hope. Bellatrix had done something undoable and extreme, but he knew she had done so for Hermione. There was hope for Bellatrix, that’s why he had covered for her, so the ministry didn’t make an example of her. He would make sure she took the right path from now on and he already knew the best way to do it, in fact he imagined they should be outside by now. He rose and walked swiftly to the office door and opened it just as McGonagall went to knock, behind her stood two women. They appeared to the unfamiliar eye as polar opposites, one stood tall and slim, her hair shocking white with strips of black and her eyes were piercing blue. Her face was serious to the point that one might imagine that the air around her might be colder than the rest of room. The other woman on the other hand was shorter and had fair brunette hair with matching fair brown eyes, everything about her radiated friendliness. The clothes she wore, her stance, her face and yet if you looked closer at her sharp jaw line and nose, a more trained eye would see they were related in some way.

 

“Ah, Mrs Malfoy and Mrs Tonks, thank you for coming on such short notice, please come in.” Dumbledore stepped back to allow the two women into the room. “please take a seat”

 

As Dumbledore moved round to his desk, the two women looked at the three chairs in front of his desk and chose to sit at either end and leave the centre seat empty. He looked between them both “my condolences about your father”.

 

“Thank you” Narcissa said shortly.

 

Andromeda gave a small polite smile and said nothing.

 

“I know I asked you here in order to discuss the custody of your younger sister Bellatrix now that your mother had been sentenced, but I have something slightly more serious to discuss.” Dumbledore acknowledged the look of confusion on both of the sister’s faces and pressed on. “I a not sure how to inform you sensitively, and I do hope you will Miss Black to explain, but…I’m afraid it was Bellatrix who took your father’s life.”

 

Two sets of wide eyes stared back at him in disbelief.

 

“is this some sort of wise, moral test to determine who’s best fit to care for Bellatrix, because I assure you, she was his most loyal daughter” Narcissa noted darkly.

 

Andromeda gave her sister a sideways look “I can’t say I know much about Bellatrix these days, but I think I would have to agree with my sister” Andromeda said grimly.

 

Dumbledore sighed and looked sadly at them both “I think there is a great deal about your little sister that you don’t know, and I think that now is the time to perhaps, get to know her again.”

 

“Now that she has allegedly murdered our father in cold blood?” Narcissa stared at Dumbledore like he had claimed the sky was pink.

 

“I’m not one to always side with the ministry, but I am also not a man who knowingly allows people who mean harm to others to walk the halls of my school. I think your sister was pushed to an extreme act by a good intention, and that now is the time to make sure she follows the right path.” Dumbledore leaned onto the desk passionately, he begged Merlin that they would agree eventually.

 

“I am the last to defend our father, but with all due respect, what good intentions are there behind taking a life?” Andromeda’s face was troubled and sad as she asked the question.

 

“Your father had been torturing another student whom Bellatrix had…grown very fond of. I believe her actions were a reaction to what he did to said student.” Dumbledore said.

 

“Bellatrix is fond of Harry Potter?” Narcissa scoffed slightly.

 

“No” Dumbledore said it slowly and hesitated slightly at betraying Bellatrix’s privacy “Bellatrix is fond of Hermione Granger, the muggle-born girl who was tortured and whose arm was mutilated, as you’ve no doubt heard.”

 

Again, both sisters were stunned, and Andromeda turned to look fully at her sister. “you said that Bella was her father’s daughter when you last wrote Cissy.”

 

“Nothing she did ever suggested otherwise after she turned you in all those years ago, and almost got us both killed, Andy.” Narcissa threw the nickname with spite, frustrated that Andromeda would refer to her own nickname in front of Dumbledore.

 

“As I said” Dumbledore interjected “there is much you don’t know about your sister. So perhaps you might like to speak with her now?” Dumbledore gave a small hopeful smile to the women across from him.

 

Andromeda looked at Narcissa again and shrugged slightly “She is our responsibility now”.

 

Narcissa frowned slightly “Yes I suppose she is.” Though she was still undecided on how she felt, she must admit that motherhood had softened her.

 

“Excellent” Dumbledore rose from his desk immediately “she’s outside waiting” He walked over to his office door and pulled it open to reveal the youngest Black sister. He ushered her in “I will leave you to it, if you need me then simply inform a portrait and I will pop back in to see what decisions have been made.” He walked to the doorway and just as he went through it, turned back, and gave Bellatrix a warm, encouraging smile.

 

Bellatrix stood at the entrance of the office as the door behind her softly clicked shut. Turned round in the chairs before her sat her two older sisters. Narcissa gave her a wary and serious gaze, while Andromeda looked at her with wide eyes, as though she were drinking in the sight of her.

They all stood silent for a moment, Bellatrix wanted to stare strong at them, but she failed and looked down at her feet briefly. Suddenly Andromeda rose from her seat and walked over to her, it had been years since they had been in the same room, let alone that close to each other. Andromeda searched her face and as she did so, her eyes became glassy with tears, just as Bellatrix noticed this, Andromeda opened her arms wide and wrapped her arms around Bellatrix in a tight hug. Bellatrix smelt floral perfume and felt the heaves of her sister’s chest as Andromeda began to cry. Bellatrix caught the eye of Narcissa over her other sister’s shoulder as she began to reciprocate the hug and as they stared at one another, Bellatrix too began to cry. What began as mere tears turned into sobs.

 

“I’m so sorry” Bellatrix gripped her sister tighter “I never meant for either of you to get hurt.” Years of guilt came pouring out.

 

With that Andromeda put her hand to Bellatrix’s hair and began to shush her “It’s okay Bella, we’re all okay now, you were only young”.

 

Narcissa watched her two sisters and could no longer keep her frozen exterior intact, she wiped the tears from her own eyes and with a sigh, she walked over to them. They accepted her into their embrace and the two older sisters stood and held their younger sister close, after what had felt like decades.

 

After a few moments they stopped their embrace and each woman composed themselves. “I think you have some explaining to do Bella” Narcissa said as she gently raised her wand to fix her makeup.

 

Bellatrix sat down and her sisters sat around her. “It’s true, I killed father.” Bellatrix let out a deep breath.

 

Narcissa and Andromeda gave one another a brief but concerned look. “but, how did it come to that” Andromeda questioned with sympathy in her voice.

 

Bellatrix felt her eyes becoming wet again. “Well, I won’t go into too much detail but, me and Hermione became…close. It was an accident really, I knew that as time went on that people were wising up, then I got a letter from father. He wanted me to help him acquire Harry Potter sooner than his peers could arrange, so I agreed to help.”

 

“why would you help him.” Narcissa whispered.

 

“The man escaped from Azkaban in less than a year, you saw how close he got to Harry at the wizard cup. It was only a matter of time before he got closed again, whether I helped or not. I thought that if I could control how it happened, I could keep Hermione out of the way, I thought it was just revenge.” Bellatrix stared at her feet, ashamed.

 

“You were happy to let him kill Harry, Sirius’s god son, Hermione’s friend.” Andromeda looked at her with pleading eyes.

 

Bellatrix couldn’t look at her “I saw what happened to you, imagine what father would have done to your husband. Well, I don’t suppose we have to imagine anymore.” Bellatrix said darkly. “I thought I could stomach it, if it meant I could keep Hermione and not be exiled with nothing.”

 

“you wouldn’t have had nothing; you still would have had us” Andromeda said and looked to Narcissa who looked a bit torn at that statement. “well you could have come to me, if anyone would have understood it’s me”

 

“I thought you were both finished with me after what I did.” Bellatrix looked between her sisters.

 

Narcissa sighed “I think that was my doing, I was cold to you since it happened. I just assumed that it was a sign you were following the same path as our father so, I shut you out.” Her voice broke slightly at the end and she looked away, embarrassed of her emotion.

 

“If anything, I’m more like father now than I’ve ever been.” Bellatrix gave a sullen look.

 

“Now don’t say that” Andromeda puffed the words out passionately. “I know we’ve been apart all this time but, you are not like him. And..and well, if it had of been my Teddy on that floor, with that word on his arm like that, I would have done the same thing you did.”

 

Narcissa raised her eyebrows and nodded “Bella, the only thing that bothers me is that you ever helped that man, I’m glad he’s dead. We can live free now, we can all be sisters again.” She gave a rare a genuine smile. “so, lets not dwell on what was done, lets think about what we will do, I was thinking now is a better time than any for Andy and I to have an extra pair of hands around the house.”

 

Andy smirked “you know I have been thinking about a suitable babysitter, and me and Ted have a spare room, you could spend the time between us perhaps?” Andy looked to Narcissa with the question.

 

“you will have to learn to get along with Lucius, but I think with the amount of money we’ve both inherited will make him quite agreeable.” Narcissa said thoughtfully.

 

“I suppose it’s decided then” Andy smiled but then turned to Bella with a serious expression “But now that’s sorted, you have other things to think about. Harry and Hermione deserve an explanation, and they have a lot of people who love them who deserve one also. You have your work cut out for you.”

 

“I do” Bella said, but she was hopeful and ready to be completely honest for what felt like the first time in her life.

 
Hermione woke to an aching all over her body, the room around her was blindingly bright. As her eyes adjusted, she saw the outline of a figure, it morphed from the outline of a person to a tall, skinny man with his hands reaching out. She recognised Cygnus Black’s face and began to scream, he reached forward slowly, then retracted his hand as she began to kick at him. She tried to get up from where she was laying but a force held her down as she began to pick up the vast amount of voices around her.

 

“Hermione, Hermione please sweetie” A soft familiar voice cooed near her side.

 

She stopped thrashing and blinked her eyes, finally they adjusted to the room around her. The man at the end of her bed was in fact not Cygnus Black, instead it was a lanky man in doctors robes clinging to his wand and clipboard. She looked down at her feet and saw her mother’s hand rubbing at her ankle, trying to soothe a point where the invisible force held down her daughter. The look on her mother’s face was devastating; she looked between the doctors and Hermione with such confusion and horror that Hermione wanted to reach out. But hard as Hermione had tried, she couldn’t move her arms or legs, she realised there must be some sort of spell holding her down and so she tried to calm herself. Soon she was still.

 

“we’re here sweetie, it’s mum and dad” Hermione’s father stood next to her mother and forced a smile.

 

Hermione went to talk, but no words would come out, she flapped her mouth and then stopped trying. She looked over to the tall medic at the end of her bed. He seemed calmer now that she had stopped thrashing around, he gave a nod to a nearby nurse and suddenly the invisible weight that had been pinning her to the bed lifted.

 

“Miss Granger, I’m afraid that some damage had been done to your vocal cords from the incident, we have something to treat it but we had to wait until you were awake so you could swallow it” The doctor took a small vial from nearby and walked to her bedside. “here” he handed it to her, and Hermione noticed that he was being mindful not to touch her.

 

She held it to her nose briefly and then drank it in one, the scratchy feeling in her throat that she had only just noticed disappeared the instant the cool liquid passed down her throat. She handed the vial back to the doctor.

 

He looked at her sadly and then cleared his throat “I am afraid that the other injury you sustained during the incident, well, we weren’t able to fully heal it.” He looked down at Hermione’s bandaged forearm. “the blade used was a very ancient heirloom engrained with powerful dark magic. Sadly, it means the wounds it creates will only ever scar, never heal. I’m very sorry” He moved back from the bed and gave Hermione’s parents a respectful nod as he went for the door. “I will come back to give you a last check over in a while, then you can go home.” Then he and the nurses in the room walked out together.

 

Hermione looked down at the bandage on her arm and felt the acidic feeling of sick crawl up her throat. It had all felt like a nightmare she had woken from, but now there was something concrete to show it was all real, and it would never go away. She felt as though she should cry or yell, but her body didn’t seem to want to. Instead she stared at her arm until it didn’t feel as though it was a part of her body anymore.

 

“The doctor told us what it means” Hermione’s mother was looking between her face and her bandaged arm. “I never realised it was like that in…your world”

My world, Hermione thought, the world her parents could barely touch, the world where she was deemed less than and branded for it. Because some people thought that some blood was better than others. She gave her mum no reply, she only laid back her head and stared straight ahead.

 

Her parents exchanged a look for a moment before her father spoke “Dumbledore has explained that it’s safe for you at Hogwarts, but you don’t have to go back ‘Mione, not if you don’t want to”.

 

“I have to go back” She murmured it softly “I have to finish school”. She fell silent again.

 

Suddenly her mother broke into sobs and covered her face briefly with her hands “why didn’t you tell us Hermione” she leaned forward and held Hermione’s hand. “You didn’t tell us anything about a killer wizard or about the prejudice against people with non-magic parents” she heaved in a moment before continuing “or that girl Hermione, who put you in that situation in the first place”

 

Hermione turned to look at her mother and now tears sprang from her eyes as well “I didn’t want you to think I was in danger; you wouldn’t have wanted me to go back to school”

 

“But you were in danger Hermione, you and your friends were more involved than any other students. Hermione’s father spoke now. “since your very first year, can you blame us if we’d have wanted to rethink Hogwarts”

 

“You don’t understand what my life is like, no one does” She choked up “I tried to show one person, all parts of me and I ended up with this” She thrust her arm up and now started to sob.

 

Her parents had nothing left to say, they had never seen their daughter so undone, and after all they had learnt, it felt almost as though they were looking at a stranger. “I’m sorry Hermione” Her mother said, and she leaned in to scoop Hermione into a firm hug and stayed like that until Hermione could cry no more.

 
 

 When she got home, Hermione spent the Christmas holiday mostly in her room ripping down wallpaper and repainting her bedroom. The minute she was home, almost everything she owned felt alien and so she decided to change it. The young pink décor reminded her of how naïve she had been, how trusting and hopeful. The rest of the time she spent reading or talking with her parents, she decided to tell them everything, from Bellatrix and Voldemort to the wizarding world in general. On a couple of occasions Sirius brought Harry and Ron to visit, which was strange for everyone to begin with, but after a while it was quite nice seeing the closest people to her getting to know each other. They helped fill in the blanks for Hermione’s parents and Harry explained why he had been the focus of Voldemort’s plans, having just discovered that he was a horcrux. Hermione was horrified for him, but he made a passing joke about the perks of parseltongue and moved the conversation off of himself. She supposed he would talk more when he was ready, after all the threat of it was at a low now. Given that all known death eaters were behind bars or dead and all the other horcruxes were destroyed by Dumbledore himself. They had all the time in the world to heal now.

 

Hermione also received a number of letters on rich thick paper with neat black handwriting throughout Christmas, though she didn’t tell anyone that. They sat on her desk until the idea of throwing them away plagued her so much she stuffed them into a drawer. The stubborn part of her wanted them gone or burnt, to never see anything to do with Bellatrix ever again and Harry and Ron agreed with that sentiment. But the hope in her wasn’t as numb as it seemed at that moment and so she couldn’t bear to burn the letters just yet. Sometimes she would wake in the night, shaking and breathless, swamped by dreams of the Black mansion floor. On occasion the role of Cygnus Black would be taken by Bellatrix and she would watch the girl she had confessed her love for carve a slur into her arm. Somehow those dreams seemed worse, because she knew the feel of Bellatrix’s hands better and so the dream felt so real, she had to scrub her skin in the morning so she wouldn’t scream.

 


Eventually it was time to return to Hogwarts, the morning of her departure was tense, her parents rambled the entire time about how she needed to contact them regularly. In the end they came to the agreement that Hermione would take a mobile phone with her in order to message and call her parents alongside the letters she sent anyway. When they got to the platform, they met the Weasleys with Sirius and Harry, and Hermione noticed that Harry’s eyes were darting about the train station. It made Hermione nervous and so she waited behind a little for everyone else to go through so she could say her goodbyes to her parents. When she was done, she turned to go and saw Sirius waiting for her.

 

“I told the others that I would wait for you, thought you’d want a bit of space” Sirius gave a warm smile.

 

She smiled back but didn’t say anything, the nerves had thrown a lump into her throat. She went to walk towards the platform, but Sirius stepped slightly in her path.

 

“Hermione, could I have a word briefly” Sirius nodded his head towards the side of the platform, where there were no people.

 

She looked at her watch, they were early anyway she supposed, so she nodded and went with him a few steps out the way of the platform. 

 

“Listen Hermione, before, when I asked Harry to bring you to me at the station. I did that because I wanted to speak to you about Bellatrix.”

 

Hermione felt instantly worse, the last thing she wanted was a lecture on why she should stay away from the girl who almost got her killed. “yes, I’m going to stay away from her, so you don’t have to warn me”.

 

“actually” Sirius looked around to make sure that no one was listening “I was going to ask you if you thought she had really changed, I was apprehensive of course but, I myself understood how she must have grown up.”

 

“well now you know that she hasn’t changed, still as loyal as ever” Hermione avoided Sirius’s gaze.

 

“Look, me and Dumbledore agreed not to discuss this, for her sake. But I think you ought to know what happened” Sirius checked around him a final time. “It wasn’t Dolohov who killed Cygnus Black, it was Bellatrix”.

 

Hermione frowned and stared at Sirius’s face, trying to work out if she’d heard that right.

 

“You know that Bellatrix lead us to the house to find you and Harry, but when we found you, me and Dumbledore went to get Harry and check the house. When we came back Cygnus was on the floor in front of Bellatrix, dead.”

 

“so, Dumbledore decided to cover it up” Hermione was confused.

 

“The ministry was looking for someone to pin the whole thing on, if they knew what Bellatrix had done, they’d drag her through the mud. After what she did to her father and how she helped us stop her father in the end. Dumbledore beliefs she can be redeemed, especially now she’s in the custody of her sisters.” Sirius looked at his pocket watch. “you have to go, I just wanted you to know, so that you had all the facts when you went back. You’re a very bright young woman Hermione, and the Black family churns out some very complicated individuals. I trust your judgement, so whatever you decide, I will support you.”

 

Sirius ushered Hermione through the platform and followed her with her trolley, before she could even think of a reply, she was on the train and looking for her friends. Eventually she found Harry and Ron in an otherwise empty carriage and she sat down.

 

“Hey, you okay ‘mione?” Ron asked as he stuffed half a sandwich that Mrs Weasley had made into his mouth.

 

“Bellatrix was the one who killed Cygnus Black” Hermione felt no need to soften the news.

 

Harry shook his head “I knew Sirius was being easy on her for a reason, he’s been defending her since it all happened” He tightened his fists in anger at being kept in the dark.

 

Ron choked down his sandwich “surely the ministry needs to know, she’s not even of age to be performing any magic, let alone…that”

 

“Apparently her helping us be found and killing her father was reason enough to think she might be redeemable, instead of a death eater in training.” Hermione suddenly realised something. “She must be on the train then if Dumbledore is covering for her.” She hadn’t even thought about that much, she supposed she’d just tried not to think of Bellatrix in general.

 

“What do you plan to do then, when we get to Hogwarts” Ron asked tentatively.

 

“I’m going to focus on my studies and try my best to avoid her” She offered her short answer.

 

“Do you think she will keep her distance then” Harry raise his eyebrows and his tone was slightly snippy.

 

She side eyed him; he really could get angry. “I don’t know, do you plan to confront her” Judging from the number of letters she had received, she guessed that Bellatrix wasn’t planning on avoiding her.

 

Harry sighed “I’ve been told to avoid her, the last time I confronted her didn’t end well for either of us, even if I could happily curse her”

 

“I had to stop mum from doing it herself after she found out what happened to you ‘mione” Ron chimed in.

 

Hermione smiled weakly, it was meant to be a nice sentiment meaning that Mrs Weasley cared for her, but any reminder of the event made her feel worse. It had taken her a few weeks to remove the bandage from her arm and look at the scar on her arm, it was pale silvery lines now. She was thinking about asking McGonagall about what glamour she would recommend, but that meant talking about it. It also felt a lot like putting off dealing with things which also wasn’t a feeling Hermione enjoyed. She put it out of her head for now, it wouldn’t be an issue until it got warm enough for short sleeves anyway. Suddenly Ron spoke and stirred her out of her thinking.

 

“uh, what about you Harry, now that you know you have a piece of you know who, like, in you.” Ron cringed at himself but felt it should be talked about.

 

Harry had calmed down enough to relax, but his face was still dark. “well Dumbledore thinks that now that the piece of Voldemort in me is the last piece, that the effects will die down. But I still feel so angry sometimes, I think it’s just going to have to be something I work on.”

 

“I guess it’s good you’re a seeker then, no contact needed if you don’t want to.” Ron half joked.

 

Harry puffed out breathe in slight amusement and gave a small smile, then they moved the topic to easier things and passed the time of the journey.

 

The sun had long set, and all the students were hungry for a welcoming feast, Hermine included. She knew the minute she entered the hall she would be stared at and a part of her wanted to go straight to bed. When they approached the great hall, Hermione hesitated and when Harry noticed he turned to her.

 

“If you do it now then the worst is over, and they’ll have something new to stare at by the end of the week” He smiled and walked shoulder to shoulder with Hermione as they followed behind Ron and some other people from their year.

 

As soon as they sat down, Hermione started to hear whispers growing around the hall, she kept herself turned inwards and sparked a conversation with those on her table, pretending not to hear everyone else. It didn’t take long for the whispers to settle before the presence of someone new flared them up again. People on the Gryffindor table were turning to look at the entrance and she could see Harry and Ron staring also. She concentrated on the wood of the great hall’s tables; she knew who had just entered.

 

“Rumours can’t be true if she’s been allowed back then” A voice nearby hissed.

 

“Still wouldn’t want to test her patience anyway” Another voice replied.

 

Hermione was determined to just keep her head down until she could leave, then she would go straight to the Gryffindor common room to bed. She imagined what Bellatrix would look like as she walked in, what if she looked different, what if she had cut her hair or changed her lipstick. Then she wondered if her perfume was the same. Dumbledores voice shoved those thoughts away as the feast finally began. It seemed to last for such a long time, as though she were holding her breath, trying not to make herself known. She didn’t really think she would go unnoticed by Bellatrix, but the effort to be hard to spot made her feel better for some reason. As things were wrapping up she hurried her friends to leave, luckily, they were understanding and followed her back with haste.

 

Bellatrix turned and watched Hermione speed walk from the hall, her friends in tow. Her hair had been dragged back off of her face in a low ponytail and she looked bone tired. Hermione had kept her head low as she walked, as though she were trying to make herself invisible. Hermione had always walked with her head high or in a book and over the years Bella had noticed that Hermione would always be beaming on the first day back. Bellatrix recalled that it used to annoy her to see others that joyful, but now her heart ached to see Hermione that way. She stood to leave herself, ignoring the looks she got from most of the people around her. She hadn’t a clue how she would make this right with Hermione.

 

 

Over the next few days, the mood of Hogwarts seemed to have settled and people were becoming brave, people whom Hermione had never met before were stopping her in the hall to wish her well. Some asked her about the rumour that Bellatrix had murdered her father, to which Hermione did not reply. She was so grateful to have Harry and Ron by her side, telling people to get lost and mind their own business, even the Weasley twins shoved a few nosy students out of her path. It made her feel so much less alone and yet also like a bit of a circus act, she just wanted things to be normal. She tried her best to make them that way, by going to lessons and answering questions, but there seemed to be a new drain on her energy. The amount of time she could tolerate being around others had decreased significantly and she grew snappy with people. Most didn’t seem too phased, until she crossed paths with none other than Frederick Dolohov. It was a case of poor timing really; it was the end of the day on a Friday and Hermione had just spent a lesson speaking about unhealable curses. It had turned her into a ticking time bomb. She also happened to be in the lower part of the school, which is where many Slytherin students were roaming at this time of day. She had walked into the corridor and made eye contact with him immediately. His face had settled into a scowl as he watched her across the corridor. She walked a little, but he refused to avert his gaze, instead he took a few steps forward until he was in her path and then puffed his chest.

 

“Are you going to get your creepy little face out of the way or not” Hermione snapped at him and subtly brought her wand into her hand.

 

“Who exactly do you think you’re talking to, filth” Dolohov pushed even further forward towards Hermione.

 

Hermione gripped her wand and prepared herself, she would strike first if she had to. Before she could, a hand came out from no where and shoved the side of Dolohov’s head hard with its palm so that he fell to the ground.

 

Bellatrix stood over Dolohov and said nothing, she just stared at him with a scarily serious expression.

 

“Really Black, all of this for a Mud-“

 

Before Dolohov could finish the word, Bellatrix put her boot on his chest and applied pressure. “I suggest you rethink your vocabulary from now on Dolohov, or I’m going to put you in a deep dark pit, just like your rat of a father”. As Dolohov gasped a little, Bellatrix let out a little chuckle before removing her foot to allow Dolohov to scramble away. Bellatrix turned to where Hermione was standing, she was staring down at where Dolohov had been. Hermione looked up and Bellatrix looked her in the eyes. She had no time to speak or move before Hermione shifted her gaze to look past Bellatrix and kept walking without a word. She passed by so closely, that Bellatrix could have reached out and touched her, but she didn’t. Instead she turned to go back to her dormitory and was met by Albus Dumbledore standing with his arms behind his back.

 

“I think you ought to come with me Miss Black” He said it calmly and led the way to his office.

 

Bellatrix looked around her at the sea of students that had gathered to the commotion, most of them looked at her wide eyed. When she moved to follow Dumbledore, students were shifting quickly out of her path, as though the mere proximity would burn them or something. She stared straight ahead and ignored them.

 

 

“Miss Black, please take a seat” Dumbledore motioned to a chair opposite his desk and circled round to his own seat as he spoke.

 

Bellatrix sat and said nothing, she couldn’t exactly apologise for something she had meant.

 

“You know that kind of behaviour isn’t acceptable” Dumbledore said softly “I think I can gather why it happened, but that isn’t an excuse.”

 

“So, what he was going to say is acceptable” Bellatrix rose her voice a little as the anger in her sprung immediately into action.

 

“His behaviour wasn’t acceptable either and will be dealt with accordingly, but that is for teachers to handle and not fellow students. Especially not with violence” Dumbledore leaned forward onto his desk and looked her deep in the eyes.  

 

“You know Bellatrix, I do know what it is like to feel that angry as you do, angry enough to hurt” Dumbledore smiled sadly.

 

Bellatrix looked at him and narrowed her eyes slightly, she was not in the mood for faked empathy. “forgive me if I don’t immediately take you for the violent type, Professor.”

 

“You know Miss Black, when I was a young man, only a bit older than you are now, I had a fire in me just like you have. It made me smart and quick, it made me want to excel. It burned so strong back then that when people would, slow me down or, hold me up I would grow angry at them. I thought it was a part of being a driven young wizard to put everything else on hold to strive for something greater.” Dumbledore looked down at his hands as he rubbed at his rings. “That is until I met another driven young wizard. This other wizard had a fire, like I did, and one day it got the better of both of us.” Dumbledore raised his gaze back up to Bellatrix and bowed his head as he spoke “We fought, furiously, we both felt the other was trying to sabotage our plans. It got so heated that we began to duel right in the doorway of my home, and we were so blinded by rage that a stray curse from our fight hit and killed Ariana, my younger sister.”

 

Bellatrix’s eyes widened; she’d never heard of any others in the dumbledore family.

 

Dumbledore continued “So, when I left my home, I insisted it was the other young wizard who had killed young Ariana and I planned to make him answer for it.  But, after a time of growing older, I realised that it didn’t matter who’s curse it had been, it had been my anger that took her away. It was a long time ago now, but I still think of my sister often and who she would have become, if she’d only had the chance.

 

“I’m sorry about your sister Professor” Bellatrix said quietly, ashamed of herself for doubting his sincerity.

 

“I don’t tell you this to make you feel sorry, I thought you may wish to know why I did what I did to cover up what happened to your father. Because you remind me so much of myself as a young wizard and I know that you can choose the right path still. Your intentions are good, and I know you are acting out of love, but your anger will get the best of you again if you do not keep it in check.”

 

Bellatrix nodded “I understand Professor, I just… I don’t want her to ever have to hear that word again.”

 

Dumbledore sighed “My dear, I am sorry to say that you cannot protect her from a word etched into her skin. All that you can do is show her that there is so much more power in love, than there is in hate. Maybe then, the word itself may lose some of its sting perhaps” He gave her another smile, which was less sad this time.

 


 

When Hermione finally got to her room, her breathes were fast and she couldn’t seem to slow them down. She sank down to the ground next to her bed and replayed what had happened in her head. Bellatrix’s foot on Dolohov’s chest, her chuckle as she pushed harder. When she looked at them, all she could think about was Cygnus Black standing over her as she squirmed on the floor. She knew she was safe, that it was all over, but she still felt as though there was a boot on her own chest that she couldn’t remove no matter how deeply she puffed in air. Bellatrix slipped into the shape of Cygnus with such ease that Hermione couldn’t understand how she had fallen in love with her, someone capable of torturing and killing. The reality was that Bellatrix had been torturing her far before Cygnus Black got hold of her, name calling, hexes and rumours. Their first kiss had come after nearly being maimed, yet Hermione had still fallen in love, and it hadn’t gone away despite everything that had happened. In a desperate effort to get out of her head, Hermione grabbed a nearby book and opened it to the first page. She forced herself to read the first line over and over again until she could focus enough to move the next line, and the next. That was where she spent the rest of her evening; sat reading and ignoring the fact that her life existed beyond the pages.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

The next morning Bellatrix walked with purpose, she had mulled over Dumbledore’s words again and again until she finally accepted what she had to do. She thought about the way Hermione hadn’t looked at her, but through her, she never wanted to feel that ever again. She knew there could be no more taking her temper out on others, no matter what she had done, and she could no longer hide herself. It was time to be honest, and be what she truly was, which was repentant. As she finished that thought she reached the edge of the quidditch pitch where the Gryffindor team was playing and waited. When their practise had finished, she flagged down Harry and followed till she could tap his shoulder.

 

Harry was smiling as he turned but as he realised who was there his smile vanished. “What could you possibly want, Black”

 

Bellatrix let out the breath she was holding and tried to ignore that other students were peering curiously at the pair nearby. “Pot… Harry, listen, I know this might not mean a lot to you after everything I did. But I’m sorry, for everything.”

 

Harry’s eyes were serious and dark, but his brow furrowed for a brief second in confusion “You’re sorry for sending me and Hermione off to die”

 

“It was actually just meant to be you” Bellatrix saw Harry scoff

 

“That’s so much better yeah” Harry laughed emptily at his sarcastic reply.

 

“What I mean is, I knew my father was after you and what he was capable of. So, instead of sitting around waiting for Hermione to get caught in the crossfire. I decided to sacrifice you with a ready made plan for my father.” Bellatrix gripped her hands together in shame.

 

“And that’s why you killed him then, because he messed up your plan and took Hermione” Harry said it quietly.

 

“I didn’t really think much about it, I saw Hermione on the ground, what he did and so I just…did it” Bellatrix looked around briefly to see if anyone was listening before continuing “I assume Sirius told you.”

 

“Sirius decided it was only fair that Hermione knew first, she told me”

 

Bellatrix nodded a little bit shaken; Hermione knew what she had done. She shook off the thoughts that rushed in. “I just need you to know that I am sorry, I didn’t think there was any other way to keep Hermione safe whilst she was always with you.”

 

Harry stared hard at her face, gauging her sincerity. “If your plan had worked, and Hermione wasn’t taken, would you still of come clean or would you have left me to die?”

 

Bellatrix hesitated for a moment, “I honestly don’t know” Bellatrix could feel that familiar sickness of guilt as she came clean.

 

“You must really hate me” Harry said plainly, not taking his eyes off her for a second.

 

“That’s the thing, I didn’t…and I don’t” Bellatrix took a deep breath. “It was never about you Harry, it was about Hermione and my father”.

 

“You really didn’t think that Dumbledore could have kept Hermione safe” Harry seemed annoyed at the idea of Bellatrix doubting Dumbledore.

 

“You may know Dumbledore well, but I knew my father better. You know he escaped from Azkaban and how horribly he hurt Hermione, but I know the things he did all those years previous. To me and my sisters, to other people, to those in power to get his way. Dumbledore didn’t stop him back then, no one did.” Bellatrix looked at the ground “the only reason they managed to imprison him in the end was because he never accounted for a smart young witch figuring out what was going on in time to catch him red-handed.”

 

Harry thought about Bellatrix’s words and said nothing.

 

“But” Bellatrix continued “it isn’t an excuse by any means to do that to you just to try and keep Hermione safe without blowing up my life. It was selfish and it was cowardly.” She stepped to leave “and, I’m glad you were unharmed Harry, I truly am” She gave a small and sorry smile.

 

Harry nodded “I don’t think I can forgive you, not after Hermione” he was struggling to know what to say, and how to feel.

 

“I understand” Bellatrix smiled again and then walked away back towards the castle and felt a bit lighter.


Harry was so cold his toes stung, but he barely noticed, he felt strange after Bellatrix had approached him. Straight after the incident Harry had been consumed by rage towards Bellatrix, as Cygnus Black was no longer alive to blame too. He had expected Sirius to agree with his rage, but instead he met Harry with a calm sadness. They spoke a little about how Sirius was raised, something they never really touched much upon and Sirius asked Harry to try and contain his anger, for Hermione’s sake. Harry had a suspicion that Sirius pitied Bellatrix’s position, or even sympathised, and it hadn’t made sense until Hermione had revealed that Bellatrix had killed her father. Then to add to the strangeness, Bellatrix had found him to apologise. Despite his anger, Harry felt it was a sincere apology and it seemed out of character that Bellatrix hadn’t gone straight to Hermione, being such a head strong woman. That being said, he still didn’t trust Bellatrix, not after all the effort she had gone to in order to clear her father’s path to him. He was so lost in thought he almost walked straight into the fat lady, when he got inside Hermione and Ron were sat by the fire waiting for him. Ron had one hand in his hair and the other on a quill writing an essay, Hermione was curled up in an armchair with a thick book, absorbing the words. Harry had two choices, keep what had happened to himself and follow Hermione’s lead of pretending that Bellatrix no longer existed. Or follow Sirius’s lead and present Hermione with all of the facts. The part of him that was angry, didn’t want Bellatrix to earn any points if Hermione thought it was a sign that she was truly sorry and ready to change. But Sirius’s voice always rang the loudest when he thought long enough about things. So, he sat down and told them what had happened. Hermione stayed curled in her chair as he spoke, she held her book to her chest with fingers stuff in the page she was on to keep her place. She watched his face as he spoke and took in his words, but when he was done, she didn’t say anything right away. Her eyes were unfocused for what seemed like a long time, as Harry and Ron looked at her and between each other.

 

“I wonder why she did that” Hermione said softly and reopened her book.

 

Ron looked at Harry with a confused looked on his face, it was rare that Hermione didn’t give her full thoughts on a topic.

 

“I mean, I thought you might have some ideas, since you know her the best” Harry said tentatively

 

“clearly I don’t her as well as I thought” Hermione looked at Harry over her book.

 

Harry cleared his throat and excused himself to go and get clean. He had seen Hermione angry, sad, happy, or moody, but he hadn’t seen her like this. Her mood turned so quickly from spite to calm that Harry could barely tell if her comment had been spiteful at all. It worried him how she had changed, and how before she spoke openly about how she felt, and now she kept it all to herself.


 

Hermione stared at the pages in front of her, but didn’t read the words, she was thinking about Bellatrix. She couldn’t imagine what she would have looked like, apologising to Harry in a way that made even him think she was being sincere. She thought of the rain that might have dampened Bellatrix’s curls as she spoke with her head bowed in remorse. She remembered how it felt to stroke those thick curls as she leant in to kiss those soft lips. Hermione’s throat began to tighten, and her eyes were stinging with tears as her mind reminded her of the moment, she’d told Bellatrix she loved her. Right before she walked into the trap Bellatrix had helped set. She closed her book and excused herself from Ron and his essay writing. As she began to climb the stairs to the girl’s dorm, she heard a series of giggles and a number of voices and stopped in her tracks. She liked her roommates, but they weren’t close, and the thought of small talk right now was unbearable. Instead she turned back down the stairs and as Ron put his head in his hands once more, she slipped past him and out of the Gryffindor common room. Curfew wasn’t for a couple of hours, so she kept walking until she reached the seventh floor.


 

Bellatrix was pacing the halls of Hogwarts, her mind racing. Since she had spoken to Harry, her mind had been gathered steam. How embarrassing it would be tomorrow when all of Harry’s friends and probably the school heard of her grovelling. She would be all the more hated, at least the Slytherins had been avoiding her, but now they would mock her behind her back. The sound of snivelling laughs began to web together in her head, and she gripped her fists in poorly contained anger. She needed to let off steam before she bumped into somebody and took their head off. She headed up to the seventh floor and walked to the blank wall at the end of the great corridor. She stood for a moment and waited for the large oak door to appear. But it didn’t. Bellatrix looked around her and furrowed her brow, it never took this long. She stood there for a short time, debating over whether to just leave. As she went to turn, she heard a soft scratching. Bellatrix watched as a door slowly etched itself into the wall, it was strikingly out of place in the castle, with a square shape and a shabby coat of white paint on it. She took a puzzled look around before she softly pushed the door open. Inside was a cosy little room, filled with shelves upon shelves of beaten up books. The wallpaper was floral and worn and the entire room smelt of old fashioned perfume and stale air. In corner stood a couple of well-loved armchairs that were empty, and it took her eyes a minute to see the tiny balled up person sat in the centre of the rooms thick rug. As she circled the creature, she saw it’s legs tucked tightly beneath its chin, and its wool covered arms holding up a copy of ‘Thumbelina’.

 

“Hermione?” Bellatrix said softly.

 

Hermione visibly stiffened at the voice in the room, she hadn’t heard the door open. She closed her book but remained on the floor.

 

Bellatrix moved into Hermione’s line of sight and didn’t move from that spot; she didn’t want to try her luck. “What is this place?” She asked as she looked around at the shelves filled with old volumes.

 

“It’s my nan’s old library from when she was alive, I think the castle thought it would make me feel better” Hermione’s tired eyes raised to look at her.

 

“oh” Bellatrix didn’t know what to say “I’ll go, sorry”

 

“oh, now you’re sorry” Hermione scoffed and smiled sinisterly “the girl who never apologises is suddenly throwing sorrys out like they’re insults”.

 

“I just thought Harry deserv…” Bellatrix started but was interrupted.

 

“He deserved an apology, did he? I thought he deserved to be tortured and sacrificed to bring back Voldemort, my mistake.” Hermione spat the words.

 

“I didn’t know the full details, I..” Bellatrix was flustered.

 

“I guess that means you’re off the hook then doesn’t it, only acted like half a death eater, not a full one” Hermione refused to look at Bellatrix, it made it so much harder.

 

“I should have come clean the minute he contacted me I know” Bellatrix grew red in shame. “I should have told dumbledore but, my father’s dead now, he can’t bring anyone back”

 

Hermione sighed quietly “right”.

 

Bellatrix looked down at Hermione, she looked so small. She tentatively got down onto her knees to get to Hermione’s level. “Hermione”

 

She looked at Bellatrix again, but said nothing

 

“I’m sorry Hermione” Bellatrix looked deeply into Hermione’s eyes, almost like she was praying to her. “I never meant for you to get hurt, it was the last thing I wanted. I wanted to keep you safe the only way I knew how, but I was wrong.”

 

Hermione kept looking, her eyes glassy.

 

Bellatrix continued “I don’t know if you will ever forgive me or look at me the same way again and if you want me to leave you alone I will. I’ll do whatever you want to me to do Hermione. Because…I love you”.

 

Tears rolled down Hermione’s cheeks and she turned her head to wipe them away with the sleeve of her jumper. She sat for a moment, silent except for involuntary sniffs from crying. Finally, she looked up once more at Bellatrix. “I don’t you to leave me alone” Hermione whispered.

 

Bellatrix shuffled from her position slowly towards Hermione, watching how she reacted to see whether to continue or not. She put her arm around Hermione and sighed in relief as the other girl relaxed into her. Bellatrix then wound her other arm around to hold Hermione as she cried softly.

Bellatrix looked down at Hermione’s arm, she had taken off the bandage, the jagged silver letters screaming against Hermione’s skin poked out from beneath her jumper. In Bellatrix’s head she saw the younger girl laying on familiar marble floor, face unreadable, tears rolling slowly down the side of nose. It brought tears to her own eyes and she held Hermione a little tighter.

 

“I’m so sorry” Bellatrix whispered into Hermione’s hair.


When Bellatrix woke up, she was cold and she ached from sleeping on the floor, the space in front of her where Hermione had slept was now empty. She sat up and looked around, Hermione was sat in a nearby armchair reading another book.

 

“Hey” Bellatrix said as she ran her fingers through her hair and then a single finger around her lips to remove any stray lipstick.

 

“Good morning” Hermione said without looking up from her book.

 

Bellatrix felt a little bit uncomfortable at Hermione’s lack of eye contact, but she knew it wouldn’t be easy. “It’s a sweet library” she said as she looked around again “are all your family big readers?”

 

Hermione closed her book slowly and looked down at Bellatrix “I know you’re sorry, and I know you did what you did to your father for me. But I can’t go back to the way things were.”

 

Bellatrix stood and looked a Hermione “They won’t be, we don’t have to hide anymore”

 

Hermione sighed “you’re happy to walk into the Slytherin dormitory with everyone knowing we’re…you know”

 

It was funny to think that despite everything, they had never really looked to label what they had together, not strictly anyway. “They’re not all bad and the ones that would be are either deluded or afraid. So why should I care” Bellatrix walked forward and reached out for Hermione’s hand. “I know it won’t be easy at first, and I know that the last thing you need is more stress, but we can do it together.”

 

“what about everyone else, what do I tell my family and friends. That sure I got tortured but she’s sorry and committed murder for me” Hermione’s voice got a little heated. “I’m sorry” she said immediately “I never used to tell my parents anything about the wizarding world before all this, now they know, how do I defend this?”

 

Bellatrix felt a stab of hurt, even though she deserved Hermione’s sharp words and more “I don’t know how I will ever make your family and friends trust me, but I can at least try. Then… maybe one day they will understand.”

 

Hermione looked down at her lap “I just don’t know if I can do it” her eyes closed. She felt so tired, like even leaving this room would drain the last of her energy.

 

“If you’re not ready to be open about us then that’s okay” Bellatrix was soft with her words.

 

“I don’t want to hide, it’s too much work Bella, I just can’t do it alone” Hermione’s misty eyes looked up.

 

Bellatrix felt almost as though it was a plea, “You won’t have to do anything alone anymore Hermione, I swear to you.” She raised Hermione’s hand to her lips and kissed it softly. “I love you.”

 

Hermione gave a small smile, she hoped so much that Bellatrix would keep her word.


 

Over the next few weeks, Bellatrix and Hermione met when they could, sometimes it was in public around the lake or in the library. Sometimes it was in the privacy of the room of requirement for more intimacy. The talk around the castle was buzzing with curiosity, strangely and perhaps even naively, a lot of the talk surrounded their unlikely “friendship”. Bellatrix had pointed this out to Hermione, and she had chuckled. They had expected people to jump straight to the point, but they weren’t big on kissing in public simply because it never seemed necessary to them to do it in crowded hallways as some couples did, they preferred their privacy. So, it wasn’t surprising once they thought about it, that some people didn’t see the extent of their relationship. Their friends and families knew and that was all Hermione needed, even if they were cautious and openly sceptical. Her parents had even invited Bellatrix over to meet them properly over the summer holidays, which seemed both promising and terrifying. Whatever happened, Hermione felt more able to deal with it now that Bellatrix seemed to truly be sticking to her side, even if it had only been a few weeks. It was by no means perfect, some days she didn’t want to roll out of bed, or she’d snap at Bellatrix or her friends. But she was on the mend she thought.

 

Bellatrix had grown content also, Hermione seemed much better in herself and her friends hadn’t cursed her just yet. She was exchanging weekly letters with both of her sisters, finally getting to know them again and it felt almost scarily good. She was tentatively hopeful, and she was looking forward to spending time with her family in the future, especially her niece and nephew. Much to Hermione’s surprise, Bellatrix had revealed she actually liked children quite a lot, especially the ones that couldn’t talk yet. There was only one thing Bellatrix wanted to do now other than carry on the way things were going, and that was to show everyone what her and Hermione truly had together. So, she had hatched a little plan.

 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

“Well hello there, Miss Granger” Bellatrix swung round the corner to where Hermione was sitting, in a window-sill nook at the far end of the library. She used to prefer a secluded desk in the middle of an empty section of the library, but the number of times she’d lose her train of thought by focusing on all the sounds around her was frequent, and the approach of a person would make jump out of her skin. So now Hermione would always be sat where she could see someone approaching her. This is why when Bellatrix approached, Hermione was not surprised.

 

“Hi there” Hermione said softly with a warm smile on her face.

 

“so” Bellatrix drew the word out slowly and she sat down next to Hermione’s feet that she had up on the windowsill. “what are you up to next weekend?”

 

“Oh well you know me; I’ll probably go do something active and exciting with my large ensemble of friends like I do every weekend” Hermione embellished her words with a smirk.

 

Bellatrix gave a chuckled and her cheeks felt a little bit warm.

 

Hermione gave a small chuckle too and rolled her eyes playfully “I have no concrete plans, why do you ask?”

 

Bellatrix didn’t know why she was so nervous, probably because she was scared that Hermione would turn her down, said a small part of her brain. She shook it off, “Next weekend is the Valentine’s day ball”

 

“oh” Hermione thought of the date today, “so it is…are you planning to attend?”

 

“Actually, I was thinking that we could go together, if you wanted.” Bellatrix gave a nervous hopeful smile. “but we don’t have to, if you don’t fancy it, I know it’s a bit… you know.”

 

“a bit what?” Hermione asked with a smile growing on her face.

 

Bellatrix let out an embarrassed groan “it’s a bit” She gestured her hands, unable to come up with the word.

 

Hermione let out a proper laugh now and patted Bella’s arm “I will stop torturing you, sure let’s go.”

 

“yeah? Like dresses and such, just us too?” Bellatrix rose her eyebrows in surprised at Hermione’s lack of hesitation.

 

“Well, I wasn’t planning to go in my pyjamas” Hermione winked and laughed yet again.

 

Bellatrix laughed “so, it starts at 7 so shall I pick you up from the fat lady a little after then?”

 

Hermione smiled and furrowed her brow in false concern “And make us late?” She gasped

 

“fashionably” Bellatrix smirked back “since we’ll be making somewhat of a scene anyway”

 

With that Bellatrix pull a miniaturised book from her pocket and sat by Hermione’s feet, as she sat Hermione stretched her legs over and they sat for a while reading

 

The cold days of February pressed on rather repetitively as students tried to stay motivated. Their only focus for the time was the growing excitement for valentine’s day. Some students were displaying elaborate ball invitations to their partners, other preferred to ask via notes. Regardless of the method, all were either excited or filled with dread at the lack of a match, and so the air around the castle was intense. Finally, after weeks of waiting, the day came. Students scurried around the castle tracking down skin care concoctions and shoes stolen by Peeves. By the time it was 6pm the castle was alive with lights and music, with sickly sweet décor strung across the castle leading to the ball room. In the ball room there were origami doves fluttering about a ceiling of candles shining soft pink and white. In the corner there was a fountain of ice pouring out a sparkling punch into a large bowl surrounded by glasses.

 

Bellatrix smoothed down the last of the frizz of her curls, so they sat in large, elegant curls around her face. She was wearing her signature red lipstick to compliment the deep emerald green dress she wore. It was long to the ankle and also to the wrist and tight all the way from cleavage cut to her thighs, where a slit in the fabric gave view to lower ends of her legs. Her cheeks were red as she took a sip of fire whiskey, for ‘Dutch’ courage as Hermione had told her during their many conversations about muggle culture. She looked across the room at a clock, it was only a few minutes before 7pm. Upon standing she grabbed all she needed from her desk and walked from her dorm with haste, up to the Gryffindor common room. The closer she got, the more people stared, and when she got to the fat lady, even she eyed her curiously from her canvas. Every time the door let out someone who wasn’t Hermione, she tried to eye her nails or a painting, but it was hard to pretend to be oblivious to the door when she was stood outside it. After another few long minutes, the door opened again and a flutter of silk and light brown curls flew out, slightly flustered. Hermione had her hair in small smooth curls, her dress was soft pink and was flowing with many thin layers, so she looked almost like a fairy. Bellatrix smiled at the sight as Hermione locked eyes with her.

“Sorry, I’m late” Hermione smiled “the hair” She said as she pointed at her head with a chuckle.

 

“it looks good” Bellatrix fingered a curl on Hermione’s head. She suddenly remembered what was in her hand. “for you” Bellatrix said softly as she presented Hermione with a rose. It was deep red and in a tight bud as though it had only just grown.

 

Hermione blushed and smiled at Bellatrix before bringing the flower to her nose. As she breathed in the smell, the rose began to bloom before her eyes. The petals stretched and curled out, showing a lighter red interior, and sat upon the flower’s bud was a tiny book. She fished it out with her fingers and Bellatrix flicked her wand to enlarge it back to its natural size. She stared at it for a long moment, it was a copy of Thumbelina, its cover was a thick old leather with rich gold detailing. She flipped open the page to reveal it was a first edition, with all the original illustrations.

 

“How…this must have cost” Hermione stuttered.

 

Bellatrix chuckled “do you like it?”

 

“I love it” Hermione whispered. “I’m sorry I didn’t get you anything, I didn’t know”

 

Bellatrix smiled and chuckled warmly, looking at Hermione intensely, then she held Hermione’s chin for a moment. “I suppose you will have to make it up to me then” She finished with a wink and Hermione blushed again.

 

By the time they got down to the ball, it was teeming with students, with watchful teachers lingering at the outskirts of the room talking. Hermione reached for Bellatrix’s hand and they walked in together, the chatter around them died down so that only the music could be heard, and even the band that was playing looked puzzled. Then the sound built back up as all those around the couple had drank in the sight and were now ready to discuss with friends. The mutters and whispers were so loud that if they cared to, Hermione and Bellatrix could have probably heard a lot of it, but they didn’t really care. Instead, they walked to the dance floor together and paid attention only to each other and the occasional friend who passed by.

 

“do you think they noticed our arrival” Bellatrix said, wagging her eyebrows as she pulled Hermione closer for a slow song.

 

“Doubt they even know who we are” Hermione said, and they laughed. Then Hermione leaned in her head to give Bellatrix a short peck on the lips and then laughed again as the chatter around them grew once more.

 

“I love you” Bellatrix whispered as she held Hermione so close that it felt as they could have been alone in the sea of people.

 

“I love you too Bella”.

 

 

The clack of heels echoed around the hallway, almost covering the tiny tapping of smaller, more rapid steps. The day was over, and rows of offices had been abandoned for the weekend, except for one. Behind the large wooden door labelled “Minister for Magic” sat a woman, her brow furrowed as she read over some paperwork. Her hair was in a messy bun with curls escaping to cover parts of her face where faint lines of age were beginning to appear. A soft knock at the door caught her attention

 

“come in” The minister sat back in her chair and watched the woman at the door enter. She was dressed in a casual summer dress and her hair was in free ringlets around her sculpted face. At her side stood a beaming little girl whose hair was equally as curly and dark.

 

“Mum!” she ran over to the Minister and jumped into her lap before wrapping her arms around her neck for an almost crushing hug.

 

“I have missed you, and your beautiful mama” She peered over the child’s shoulder at her stunning wife and allowed the stress of the day to melt from her tense shoulders, it never failed to work.

 

Bellatrix walked over to her daughter sat in Hermione’s lap and leant into the jungle of curls to peck her wife “we have missed you two pet, but we have to go or the other two will think we’re leaving them at the station for the summer”.

 

Quickly they gathered themselves and headed for platform 9 and ¾ , There stood a girl no older than 13 and a boy around 10 both with the same dark curls as their little sister. The only stark difference was the boy’s eyes that were a lot lighter to match Hermione’s and the girls face, that Hermione felt had always resembled her own mother. They ran over to their mother’s and sister, their faces happy and their hands bundled full of bags.

 

“We had another woman come up to us about your book ma” the two older children said, their words fighting to be heard “she told us to tell you that you’re a saint and then said that the baby pictures in the book are super cute” Said the older girl.

 

 “Why did you have to put the bath time ones in there” The boy chimed in and they both went a little bit red.

 

“Because, if I’m going to write a book on how to raise little witches and wizards then I need to prove that I’ve done it myself” Bellatrix smiled at them “plus it helps the muggle parents feel like we’re more like them, at least that’s what the marketing team said”

 

Hermione beamed at her wife, the last thing she expected Bellatrix to become was a stay at home mother and parenting guru but here they were, and she had even campaigned to make the book available to muggles with magical children to help them harness their abilities before Hogwarts. Watching her speaking up for muggles and become a sensational mother had been the proudest moment of Hermione’s life and as she looked down at her family, she couldn’t help but feel her heart swell. This truly was more than she could have ever hoped her life to be.

 

“Come on” Hermione spoke up finally, “Let’s go home”.