The days flew by after graduation, and the population of Potter Manor seemed to grow by the day. Harry loved having so many people in the house, and he knew Daphne felt the same, after all, it had just been her and Astoria when they were growing up.  

 

Within a week, all of the rooms bar one on the second floor were filled, and the house was buzzing with excitement as Sadie and Theo's wedding drew closer.

 

"Have fun picking out the dress," Harry said to Daphne in an undertone as he kissed his fiancé on the cheek one morning at breakfast. It was Monday now, just after a week since they had left Hogwarts and everyone was here.

 

"She'll be fine," Daphne said with a smile as she glanced over to her best friend, "Sadie isn't the kind of person that will take hours to pick a dress."

 

"No, but I feel sorry for whoever you drag along when you go dress shopping," Harry commented with a smirk, "You'll probably have to camp in the shop, it will take a whole weekend."

 

"Oh shut up you," Daphne said with a small smile, she couldn't tease him properly about it because she knew it was pretty accurate.

 

"Are you ready?" Sadie asked. She had barely eaten, was fully dressed and bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet.

 

"We're ready," Daphne said as she got up from her seat, “And I gather you're a little excited.”

 

"Just a bit," Sadie said with a grin which made everyone chuckle.

 

"Have a good day," Theo said as he kissed his fiancé.

 

"Remember that the dress robes have to match the colour scheme," Sadie said as she kissed Theo.

 

"Yes, ma'am," Theo said with a salute.

 

Sadie laughed, "Have a good day. I'll see you tonight."

 

"Bye," The boys all said as they waved the girls out of the house.

 

Once they were gone and the door was shut. Harry turned to Draco, Theo and Neville, "It doesn't take six hours to pick some robes and get them adjusted, does it?"

 

"No, it takes two," Theo said simply.

 

"Three if you include time for a drink in the Leaky Cauldron afterwards," Draco said with a smirk.

 

"So basically we have three hours to kill," Neville said with a grin.

 

Harry nodded, "Are you guys thinking what I'm thinking?"

 

"Time for a duelling competition?"

 

"I was thinking time for a swim."

 

"Well, I want a sauna."

 

 

"You do realise that they aren't going to do anything until lunchtime, right?" Hermione asked the other girls as they walked down Diagon Alley.

 

"I'm well aware of that," Sadie said with a chuckle.

 

"Yeah, they'll claim that it won't take six hours to get dress robes," Lilly added.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, "I bet they'll realise it's not as easy as they think it is when they get there."

 

"As long as they get the right dress robes in the end then it won't be a disaster," Susan said in an attempt to soothe Sadie who looked slightly anxious.

 

"Here we are," Sadie said with a deep breath as they reached the bridal shop.

 

"Nervous?" Daphne asked as they walked in arm and arm with the others behind them.

 

Sadie nodded, "A little," she admitted.

 

An overly enthusiastic Italian woman greeted them when they walked in, and half an hour later, Sadie had picked four dresses. She was trying them on while Daphne, Hermione, Lilly and Susan sat around waiting to see them in incredibly comfortable chairs.

 

"I don't know how we're going to help her pick," Hermione said to the others, "Sadie could look gorgeous in rags."

 

"It must be a Slytherin thing," Lilly said with a chuckle, “You're the same, Daphne. You all look so amazing all of the time."

 

"Slytherin charm," Daphne joked as Sadie emerged from the changing room in her first dress.

 

It was very Princess-like with a large white puffy skirt and a strapless white lace effect corset. Sadie looked lovely in it.

 

"What do you think?" Sadie asked. She looked a little unsure of herself.

 

"I don't know," Daphne said honestly as she looked at her best friend.

 

"It's a lovely dress," Hermione said.

 

"And you look beautiful in it," Lilly added.

 

"It's just not quite…you," Susan said truthfully as Sadie looked in the mirror and turned around a few times.

 

"It's too big and puffy for you Sadie," Daphne said.

 

Sadie nodded, "Yeah, it just doesn't look right, does it?"

 

Daphne and Susan shook their heads.

 

"Onto number two then," Sadie said as she disappeared into the changing room once more.

 

When she emerged a few minutes later, she looked even more amazing in the second dress. It was more figure-hugging and was drawn in at her waist then fanned out towards the bottom. It was relatively simple with an elaborate lace bust.

 

"You look gorgeous Sadie," Daphne said.

 

"You think so?" Sadie asked. She looked unsure again, "I don't know."

 

"Maybe it's just too simple for you," Hermione suggested.

 

Sadie nodded, "Maybe," she said as she disappeared once more to try on dress number 3.

 

"I thought you said she wasn't picky?" Lilly asked Daphne with a chuckle.

 

"Well it is her wedding dress, I suppose," Daphne laughed.

 

When Sadie emerged wearing the third dress, she still looked amazing. This dress was similar to the last one, but the skirt was a little bigger. All of the dresses so far had been strapless, and this one was the same, but from the skirt upwards the top was decorated with lace effect flowers, only they didn't extend to the neckline of the dress like the last one had.

 

"That's lovely, Sadie," Susan said with a smile, "Very simplistic."

 

"Yeah," Sadie said as she turned around and looked at it, "A little too simplistic, I think."

 

"Merlin Sadie I thought this would be easy," Daphne joked which made her best friend laugh.

 

"Hey, you only get married once Daph," Sadie said with a smile.

 

"Unless you're Blaise's Mother that is," Daphne muttered.

 

Lilly snorted, “Don’t let Ginny hear you say that.”

 

“Since when does Ginny get on with Blaise’s mother?” Hermione asked in amusement.

 

“Oh, she doesn’t yet, but from what I hear, she will be staying at High Top House for a while now she’s finished school,” Lilly answered.

 

“Good luck to her,” Daphne chuckled.

 

"I'm going to try the last one on," Sadie said, and she disappeared once more.

 

When Sadie emerged wearing the last dress, there was an awed silence.

 

"Is that good?" She asked nervously.

 

"Wow," Daphne said eventually. The final dress was stunning. The skirt was bigger than the last one but without being too big and puffy like the first dress had been. It was the only dress not to be strapless, and it suited Sadie all the more for it. The most beautiful part was the sleeves which came down to the elbow and made a simple dress looked beautifully elegant.

 

"You look great," Lilly smiled.

 

"I like this one," Sadie admitted as she examined herself in the mirror, "It's not too big or too small, just the right size."

 

Susan and Hermione agreed that they loved the dress, and after another 20 minutes of deliberation, Sadie decided that it was the one that she wanted. She paid for it with Theo's elf as her fiancé had demanded, he wasn't letting her pay for any part of the wedding. Traditionally, of course, her father would have paid for it, but as he was in Azkaban at the moment that wasn't going to happen.

 

With the dress chosen, they had a quick lunch and then hopped back into the shop to pick the bridesmaids dresses. Sadie decided on blue dresses to match the theme of the wedding; the boys had been ordered to get dress robes according to that colour too.

 

Thankfully it didn't take as long for the bridesmaid's dresses to be picked, tried on and tailored to fit. This time the roles were reversed as Sadie sat in the comfortable chairs waiting for her bridesmaids to emerge wearing their dresses.

 

"What do you think, Sadie?" Daphne asked as she emerged first from the changing room.

 

"Yes, do we look good enough for your wedding?" Hermione asked with a chuckle as she emerged next followed by Susan and Lilly.

 

They all wore the same dress in two different colours. The dresses were strapless, floor-length and relatively simple in style. Each dress had a ribbon beneath the bust. Susan and Hermione wore navy blue dresses with a pale blue ribbon and Daphne, and Lilly wore pale blue dresses with a darker navy blue ribbon.

 

Sadie laughed at their sense of humour, "You all look great," she said happily.

 

With the dresses bought they still had a little time to spare, so the girls decided to drop by the ice cream parlour before heading back to Potter Manor.

 

 

"I suppose we should go now," Theo said as he glanced at the time.

 

"Yeah," Draco said as he stretched and got to his feet, they were relaxing in the chill/bar room after a swim.

 

Harry and Neville agreed, and ten minutes later they dragged themselves down Diagon Alley to Madame Malkins.

 

"It's not that I'm not enthusiastic about the wedding," Theo was saying to the others as they wandered along in the bright sunshine eating ice creams, "I can't wait for the wedding, I just hate all of this," he waved his ice cream around at the street, "Shopping for flowers, shopping for invitations and bloody lace tablecloths!"

 

"I think that's the part most men hate," Harry pointed out with a smirk as they neared the shop.

 

Theo groaned, "And now we have to spend the next couple of hours getting stabbed and picking the right colour to match the bloody bridesmaid's dresses."

 

This had Harry, Draco and Neville sniggering of course.

 

"I think I'll just ask Lil if she wants to elope and go to Hawaii," Neville joked as they finished their ice creams, "Skip the whole engagement thing you know?"

 

"I'd do the same if I thought for a second Daph would go for it," Harry retorted.

 

"What about you, Draco?" Neville asked. He was the only one to stay relatively quiet so far.

 

He smiled slightly, "It's ironic actually because Hermione and I…well there are a few people we want at our wedding, but neither of us have a lot of friends or family. We would never run off and elope, but we will have a nice little quiet wedding. It will be nowhere near the hassle of this."

 

"Good for you mate," Theo said, he looked like he wished that was what Sadie had wanted. Harry had never seen Theo stressed out, not even through their N.E.W.T's, but he was stressed out of his mind with this wedding.

 

"Can I help you with anything?"

 

Theo smiled at Madam Malkin, "Yes, I'm looking for a set of dress robes this colour," he said as he handed her a fabric in the colour they had chosen which was pale blue, "And four sets of dress robes in this colour," he gave her another piece of fabric which was a dark navy blue.

 

"Of course," she said with a smile, "Wedding is it?"

 

Theo nodded, "Yeah, a very stressful one."

 

Madam Malkin laughed and led them all into the back room where there were more podiums, "I'll do the groom first," she said as she held out the dress robes in the colour, he had shown her and put them on Theo so she could tailor them to fit correctly.

 

"So how much more do you need to do before Saturday?" Draco asked Theo from where he, Harry and Neville, sat on the side-lines.

 

"Too much," Theo replied with a sigh, "We need to pick the rings up tomorrow from the jewellers-”

 

“Right well I’ll do that for you,” Draco said simply, “That takes one thing out of your hands. What else?”

 

“I need to take Lacey to get her flower girl dress,” Theo said, he rolled his eyes, “Which means dealing with Salvadora.”

 

“You really ought to make more effort to get on with her; she is your step-mother,” Harry pointed out.

 

“I’ve tried, she’s tried. We just don’t get on. We accepted that years ago, so we simply put up with each other,” Theo said with a roll of his eyes.

 

Draco gave Harry a look which said, ‘Drop it’ so he did.

 

"Who's going to be the pageboy?" Harry asked as he propped his feet up on the arm of the chair Draco was sitting in.

 

"Uh Sadie's Nephew Oscar," Theo replied, "Her brother Sorenson's kid."

 

"Is Sorenson married?" Neville asked with a frown.

 

"Nah," Theo answered, "He got a girl pregnant in his seventh year, Oscar was the result."

 

"What age is he?" Harry asked.

 

"He'll be five now, won't he?" Draco asked Theo.

 

“Nearly,” Theo agreed, “His birthday is a couple of days after the wedding. I don’t have to worry about his robes, Sorenson’s sorting that out for us.”

 

"Have you paid the registrar?" Draco asked as he ticked things off on a piece of parchment.

 

"Yeah and we donated to the Church," Theo said, he was pretty organised despite what Sadie thought.

 

"You've got everything sorted for the reception, haven't you?" Draco asked as he looked at his list.

 

"Yeah," Theo said. He and Sadie were getting married in Bath Abbey, "It's in the ballroom of Nott Manor. That was the easy part."

 

Draco ticked this off too, "And you have your international passes to apparate for the honeymoon sorted out?"

 

"Yep," Theo said quickly.

 

"And you've booked the honeymoon?"

 

"Course I have," Theo said with a chuckle, "Two weeks in Paris."

 

"Was that the first thing you booked?" Neville asked with a chuckle.

 

"Pretty much," Theo admitted.

 

"Right," Neville said, "Have you hired the photographer?"

 

"Yeah," Harry said, "I called in a freebie for him with Dennis."

 

"What about a band for the reception?"

 

"Yeah, we hired the band that play the Christmas concerts in Hogsmeade," Theo said.

 

"Sadie's sorted out the cake hasn't she?" Harry asked.

 

Theo nodded, "She sorted out the cake and hired the house elves for the food."

 

Draco glanced at his list, "Have you got the rehearsal booked?"

 

"Yeah, 9 am on Thursday," Theo said as he got stabbed by Madam Malkin.

 

"And you've got the place names and the order of seating for the meal sorted?" Draco asked.

 

"Sadie's done that," Theo said with a yawn.

 

"Well, then I think you're pretty much set," Draco said as he folded up his piece of parchment.

 

"Thank Merlin," Theo sighed.

 

"Alright you're done," Madam Malkin said, and Theo gratefully got off of the platform and let Madam Malkin start on the groomsmen's robes. Blaise couldn't make it because he was at St. Mungo's with Ginny for a check-up on the baby so he had told Theo his measurements which he had given to Madam Malkin so she could fit his dress robes later in the week, Blaise could pick them up when he had the time that way.

 

Still, even without Blaise, it seemed to take forever for Draco, Harry and Neville to get their robes fitted and when they eventually left the shop with the robes in hanger bags to stop them from getting creased it was 5 minutes until 5 pm, the time they had agreed to meet the girls back at Potter Manor for dinner.

 

They hurried up Diagon Alley to the Leaky Cauldron and apparated to the doorstep of Potter Manor hoping that the girls were running late.

 

When they walked into the informal dining room, however, it wasn't empty as they had hoped.

 

Daphne, Hermione, Sadie, Susan and Lilly were already seated and were waiting for the boys to show up.

 

"Oh there they are, two minutes late," Daphne said with an amused smirk when they skulked in.

 

Sadie cocked her head at Theo, "We know you didn't leave the house until about three hours ago."

 

"What? How do you know that?" Theo asked. This made Harry and Draco roll their eyes.

 

"They probably didn't know you, idiot," Draco said as he jokingly hit Theo over the back of the head, "But you just confirmed it for them."

 

"Exactly," Daphne smirked.

 

"Bloody female logic," Theo mumbled as he sat down at the table.

 

 

“Oh my god, I feel sick.”

 

Blaise chuckled, “Think of how I felt when you took me to meet your family.”

 

Ginny smiled weakly, “And look how that went.”

 

“They liked me well enough until they found out I had gotten you pregnant,” Blaise remarked.

 

“Funny that,” Ginny snorted. She held his hand tightly as she looked up at the imposing manor on the hill before them, “I see why it’s called High Top House.”

 

Blaise gently began to pull her up the steep steps that led to the manor, “Yes, it is rather dramatic, isn’t it? You won’t think so when you see inside. Interior décor is not my mother’s strong point.”

 

“Who will be there?” Ginny asked.

 

“Oh just a few of my siblings,” Blaise replied, “Most of the older ones have already moved out apart from myself, Blanche, Bea and Billie.”

 

“That’s not so bad,” Ginny admitted, “I already know Bea and Billie.”

 

“I know you haven’t met Blanche yet, but I do think you will like her,” Blaise said, he smiled softly over at Ginny.

 

“And your mother is okay with us having the baby?” Ginny asked tentatively.

 

“She cannot judge,” Blaise said, he smiled slyly at his girlfriend, “She was 19 when my oldest brother was born.”

 

“So was my mother, and she still judged,” Ginny said with a roll of her eyes, “Also, can I just say, I hate this hill.”

 

Blaise chuckled, and it was a deep rumble, “We’ll use the floo next time. My mother just thought it might be too alarming for you, if you had to step into the drawing-room when it was already full of people.”

 

Ginny nodded and took a breath to steady her nerves as Blaise knocked on the door. It swung open, and a house-elf greeted Blaise cheerfully. Ginny kept a grip of her boyfriend’s hand and allowed herself to be led through the house into a beautiful, modern drawing-room. The room was decorated in shades of grey and blue. It was bedecked with comfortable sofa’s and armchairs, and at its heart was a beautifully ornate black marble fireplace.

 

“Ginny!”

 

Ginny laughed as Billie rushed over and hugged her tightly.

 

“Hey, don’t squeeze so tight, Billie,” Beatrice said, wrestling her sister off of Ginny, “She’s got a baby in there!”

 

Ginny laughed and smiled at the two younger girls, “It’s well-cushioned Bea. I wouldn’t worry too much.”

 

“Where is Mother?” Blaise asked his younger sisters.

 

Both of them were very pretty with their mothers smooth, flawless skin. They had long black hair, Bea’s was naturally curly, and Billie’s was poker straight. Their mother always said that Beatrice tried to hide her beauty. She was a tomboy who lived in comfortable clothes and a beanie hat. Billie couldn’t be more different; she wore fancy dresses and always wanted to go shopping with her mother.

 

Beatrice rolled her eyes, “She’s fighting with Blanche.”

 

Blaise raised an eyebrow at her, “Who did she bring home this time?”

 

“Nobody, but she applied for Auror training without telling Mother,” Billie replied.

 

“And she got into the selection process,” Beatrice added, “Dad knew.”

 

Blaise grimaced, “He is in so much shit when he comes home tonight.”

 

“I floo-ed him and told him it might be best to make up an important oversea’s case to give Mother a day or so to calm down,” Billie whispered.

 

Blaise chuckled. “You’re a genius, Bill.”

 

The sound of raised voices could be heard walking towards the drawing-room, and Ginny shot Blaise an amused look, “So this is just like my house.”

 

“I did tell you,” Blaise murmured.

 

“I don’t care if you like it or not mother, I want to be an Auror!”

 

“Your father-”

 

“Robert is not my father! And I don’t care how dangerous he says it is, this is my life, and this is what I want to do with it!”

 

“Blanche, be quiet! We can continue this discussion later.”

 

Blaise’s mother stepped into the room and smiled at Ginny. She was a beautiful woman, even though she was in her 50’s now. She was tall, especially in the high heels she currently wore. Like her daughters, her skin was flawless, and her black hair was curly but perfectly tamed to frame her thin, heart-shaped face. She wore deep green silken robes and red lipstick. There was only one word to describe her – glamourous.

 

“Ginevra,” She said with a warm smile, “I am Zara. It is so nice to finally meet you.”

 

Blaise rolled his eyes at his mother’s obvious jibe.

 

Ginny smiled, “You too. Blaise has told me all about you and his siblings.”

 

“All bad I expect,” Zara said as she floated into the room.

 

“Not at all,” Ginny said honestly, “He’s very fond of you.”

 

“He doesn’t tell her that to her face,” An amused voice said from the doorway, “Let’s see the beautiful Weasley that managed to turn my brothers head then.”

 

Ginny turned around and came face to face with Blaise’s sister, who was very self-assured and gorgeous. She looked very much like her mother; she was younger but just as glamourous.

 

Blanche placed her finger under Ginny’s chin and lifted her face, “Oh, she is lovely, Blaise, you are quite right.”

 

Ginny gently swiped Blanche’s hand away and took a step towards Blaise, “Uh…thanks, I think.”

 

“Don’t mind Blanche,” Zara said with a wave of her hand, “She is well on her way to becoming the family disappointment.”

 

“Well someone has to do it, right?” Blanche asked with a wide grin. She winked at Ginny, which made her feel moderately uncomfortable.

 

Zara rolled her eyes, “Do you drink tea, my love?”

 

Ginny turned away from Blanche and nodded, “Uh…yes, I do.”

 

“Excellent,” Zara snapped her fingers and motioned for Ginny to sit down.

 

Blaise gently pushed Ginny onto an armchair then he sat down next to Billie on one of the sofas. Blanche chose to lean in the doorway, surveying Ginny with interest.

 

A house-elf appeared with a tray of tea, and Zara busied herself with pouring it out. Blaise dropped a sugar cube into Ginny’s cup then handed it to her.

 

“How does your mother feel about the impending arrival?” Zara asked conversationally.

 

Ginny frowned, “Well, she is speaking to me now, so that’s an improvement. It came as a shock, especially because my older brother is having a baby too.”

 

“Which one?” Blanche asked curiously.

 

“Ron,” Ginny replied.

 

“Hmm,” Blanche hummed. She picked up a sugar cube, “Doesn’t surprise me. I heard all about his antics with that Lavendar girl from Georgie.”

 

Ginny frowned, “Georgie? My brother George?”

 

“Uh-huh,” Blanche popped the sugar cube into her mouth.

 

“Blanche was in the same year as your brothers Fred and George,” Blaise explained.

 

“Oh,” Ginny realised.

 

“So she disapproves?” Zara prodded.

 

“Yes, but that hasn’t changed our opinion,” Ginny replied, “We’re keeping the baby.”

 

“Of course you are,” Zara said, she sipped her tea, “You must. These things come to test us, and when we beat them, they make us stronger.”

 

Ginny smiled, “Exactly.”

 

“You really must think about marriage, however,” Zara said, her hazel eyes meeting Ginny’s.

 

Ginny shook her head, “No, I won’t do that pureblood, shot-gun wedding thing like my parents did. I can’t.”

 

“Nobody will force you to,” Zara said honestly, “But you must consider it. I do not tell you this because I want to avoid a scandal. My entire life has been a scandal, and I rather enjoy it.”

 

Blaise smirked at his mothers choice of words, and he noticed Ginny smiling too.

 

“I tell you this because marrying my son will make your life a little easier, and that of your child,” Zara said simply, “He is a good man, I trust you know that.”

 

“Of course, I do,” Ginny said.

 

“So you know he will treat you as you ought to be treated,” Zara said pragmatically, “If you were married, your child would not be called a bastard when it went to Hogwarts. One of my ex-husbands left a generous amount of money to each of my children. They receive this when they are married, along with the deeds to a patch of land where they may build their own home. If you were married, you could live comfortably.”

 

“I didn’t live comfortably growing up, and it didn’t do me any harm,” Ginny began to protest.

 

Zara shook her head, she reached forward and took Ginny’s hand, “My love, I am merely presenting you with the facts. I do not wish to force you to make a decision, and I certainly do not expect you to make one instantly, not in your condition.”

 

Ginny frowned, she couldn’t quite get a handle on Blaise’s mother.

 

“We are a very liberal family, Ginevra,” Zara continued, “I can not lecture my children where conventional relationships are concerned, as I have never had one. I simply wish for my children to be provided for, and to be happy.”

 

Ginny looked over at Blaise, “What does she…”

 

Blaise took Ginny’s hand, “She means that we could marry for proprietary's sake, but we need not have a solely monogamous relationship for the rest of our lives.”

 

Ginny’s frown deepened.

 

“Think on it,” Zara said with a smile, “That is all I ask of you.”

 

“Okay,” Ginny conceded, “I will.”

 

“In the meantime,” Zara said, leaning back in her chair, “Where will you stay until the baby is born?”

 

“Were you still planning on going home?” Blaise asked his girlfriend.

 

Ginny just nodded.

 

“If things at home get too tense, you are always welcome here,” Zara said, “Robert is a real joy-kill, but he spends more time at work than he does in the house anyway.”

 

“Blaise said he was an Auror?” Ginny asked conversationally.

 

“Oh, he’s more than just an Auror my love,” Zara said with a smile, “He is the Head Auror.”

 

Ginny had to fight back an amused smile. She had managed to bag herself the Auror who was hunting her down, the Head Auror.

 

Blanche sat down on the arm of Ginny’s chair and said, “I know what you’re thinking, that she’s an evil seductress, right?”

 

“No,” Ginny said with an amused smile, “Honestly? I was thinking, well-played.”

 

At this Zara smirked, “Well, Blaise. I always suspected that you would pick a good one. I like her.”

 

“So do I,” Blanche said, and Ginny definitely didn’t imagine the suggestive tone in her voice.

 

Zara sighed, “Blanche, would you leave the poor girl alone? It has been less than a month since the last girl you courted ran out of this house screaming.”

 

“She did deserve that bat-bogey mother,” Beatrice piped up, “She called you a whore.”

 

“I am a whore, darling,” Zara said as she rose to her feet, “I have learned to own the title rather than fear it.”

 

“She was just a phase I was going through anyway,” Blanche said as she lit a cigarette, “I don’t think I like blonde’s after all.”

 

“That was what you said about brunettes after Fran moved out,” Beatrice said, giving her sister a pointed look.

 

“Maybe I’m into redheads,” Blanche said, she winked at Ginny.

 

Ginny’s cheeks flushed, and Zara rolled her eyes, “Ignore Blanche.”

 

“We all do,” Blaise added.

 

“I love you too, darling brother,” Blanche said, smacking him on the head as she walked past him.

 

“Will you stay for dinner, Ginevra? I can ask the elves to prepare something bland for you, and I do believe that Belinda will be keen to meet you,” Zara said conversationally, “She was friends with your elder brother at school.”

 

“Which one?” Ginny asked curiously.

 

“William,” Zara said passively, “They were rather friendly, Belinda was a Gryffindor after all.”

 

“Oh,” Ginny said, “I hadn’t realised that.”

 

“We’re not all Slytherins,” Beatrice joked.

 

“What house were you in, Blanche?” Ginny asked curiously.

 

“Slytherin, of course,” Blanche replied smoothly.

 

“I think I remember my brother talking about his friend Belle,” Ginny said to Zara.

 

“That was what Belinda used to go by,” Blanche said with a grin, “Before she was a hotshot judge in the DMLE.”

 

“Do all of your family work in the DMLE?” Ginny asked curiously.

 

“Several of my children do,” Zara replied, “Brent is a lawyer in the DMLE, just as Blaise will be.”

 

Blaise nodded at this. Zara continued, “Blaine is an Auror-”

 

“- which is fine because he’s a guy so apparently it’s not dangerous for him,” Blanche cut in.

 

Zara shot her a warning look, “We are not having this discussion in polite company, Blanche.”

 

“Oh the company isn’t that polite,” Blanche said airily, “Is it true, Blaise that men tend to fall for women who remind them of their mother?”

 

Blaise narrowed his eyes at his sister, “If you dare Blanche, I will hex you.”

 

“I’m just saying,” Blanche said. She cocked her head and looked at Ginny, “The Hogwarts rumour mill says that sweet little Ginny Weasley has been working her way through your year group. First, there was Michael, then Dean and not to forget the two war heroes she favoured, Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom. What a taste for powerful men.”

 

Blaise reached for his wand to hex Blanche, but before he could, Ginny hexed her. The spell she used sowed her mouth shut, and Ginny glared at her, “If you knew that much about me you would know not to piss me off at the best of times, let alone when I’m pregnant.”

 

Zara smiled slyly, “Oh, you will fit in just perfectly around here, Ginevra. Come, I would like to show you around the rose garden.”

 

Ginny got to her feet and took Zara’s outstretched hand while Blaise smirked at his sister, “You deserved that.”

 

“You did Blanche,” Beatrice said, “Ginny’s really nice.”

 

Billie nodded her agreement, “She’s awesome.”

 

“And she’s slept with fewer men than you have women,” Blaise said, regarding his sister irritably before sweeping out of the drawing-room.

 

 

“Lacey!”

 

“Theo!”

 

Theo grinned and picked up his little sister, “Hey squirt!”

 

“I’m not a squirt! I’m getting tall now.”

 

“Nah, you’re still teeny,” Theo said, he set her down and messed up her hair, “You ready to go get this dress?”

 

“Yeah,” Lacey grinned, “But Mum is coming too.”

 

Theo sighed, “Is she?”

 

“She is,” Salvadora said as she stepped into the entrance hall.

 

“Why?” Theo asked, raising an eyebrow at her.

 

“Because I need a dress too,” Salvadora said calmly, “Since you kindly invited me to your wedding.”

 

“Of course I invited you,” Theo muttered, “You’re my step-mother.”

 

Salvadora sighed; she was a beautiful woman in a regal way. She was tall and thin with pointed features, jet black hair and deep green eyes. Theo had always found the fact she was so close to him in age alarming. She had married his father just before he started Hogwarts and she had only been 18 at the time.  

 

Lacey looked between them, warily, “Are you going to fight?”

 

Theo smiled at her, “Nah Lace, course not. You ready to go?”

 

He held out his hand, and his little sister took it, “Yeah, I’m ready.”

 

Theo turned to his step-mother and regarded her with interest for a moment, “Grab your coat then Sally.”

 

She smiled. Theo had always referred to her as ‘step-mother’ or by her full name. After two years of being married to his father, she had given up asking him to call her Sally.

 

The trio left the house and went to Diagon Alley. Lacey loved her dress and enjoyed being fitted, and Salvadora bought herself a respectful dress since she was in effect the mother of the groom. When they had finished shopping, Lacey asked if they could go to lunch and Theo hated saying no to his sister.

 

That was how they ended up in a nice little restaurant in the wizarding quarter of London. It was a glorious day so they had taken an outdoor table and Lacey was playing on a swing set nearby.

 

“I am sorry, Theodore.”

 

“Theo,” He said, meeting her eye, “We’re both adults now.”

 

Salvadora smiled sadly, “I am sorry that I was not a more supportive step-mother. I tried, but I was so young myself and you were troubled.”

 

“What do you expect?” Theo sighed.

 

“It was difficult for me too,” Salvadora said honestly, “I had just left Hogwarts, I had dreams and aspirations. They were dashed when I was told that I was to marry.”

 

“You were told to marry?” Theo frowned, “You never told me that it was arranged.”

 

“You never took the time to ask,” Salvadora said, “You always assumed I was a gold digger, and I suppose I was, but not by choice. My parents hoped that my marriage to your father would come with great fortunes and a large Manor.”

 

“But he left it all to me,” Theo realised, “Even though he hated me.”

 

Salvadora nodded, “I had heard rumours of what had happened to his first wife, and within six months, I wholeheartedly believed that they were true.”

 

“Did he hurt you?” Theo asked, looking up at her, “He tortured me, all the time.”

 

“I know.”

 

“You just stood there and didn’t do anything to help,” Theo said, bitterness creeping into his voice.

 

“I did the same when he tortured me,” Salvadora said stoically, “I let him do it. I stood by. I played the part of the good wife. I said the things he wanted me to say, I remained entirely loyal, and I bore him a child. It was not another heir as he wished, but the one thing I could not control was my child's gender.”

 

Theo frowned out at the play area to avoid meeting his step-mother's eye, “I’m sorry too. I’ve not exactly been a joy to be around these past eight years.”

 

“You have had your reasons,” Salvadora said simply, “And it does please me to see you settling with such a lovely girl. Your behaviour before the war concerned me, but it seems the war changed you.”

 

“The war changed everyone,” Theo said with a sigh as he looked at Lacey, “It’s why I want to be an Auror. I want to protect the next generation, I don’t want Lacey or my kids to go through the kind of stuff Draco and I did.”

 

Salvadora reached across the table and took his hand. Theo looked over at her in surprise, and she said, “You will make a wonderful Auror, Theo. I wanted you to know that. I want you to know how proud I am.”

 

Theo didn’t know how to deal with such a compliment from a woman he had spent the last eight years fighting and bickering with. So being Theo, he changed the subject to the wedding and was relieved when Salvadora played along.

 

 

By Friday all of the outfits were in order, the rings were safely locked away in Sadie and Theo's bedroom and the last minute things had been sorted out. The rehearsal that morning went well, so all that was left were the hen and stag nights.

 

"I can't believe I'm getting married tomorrow," Sadie said. She shook her head in disbelief as she walked down a muggle street in London with Daphne's arm linked in her right arm and Lilly's linked in her left arm. Hermione and Susan were walking slightly behind the trio.

 

"I can't believe it either," Daphne admitted, "It’s come around so fast."

 

"It's kind of insane," Sadie said, "And I'm not just talking about my outfit," she added with a chuckle.

 

Sadie was wearing a pink dress and had been decorated by her so-called friends with a pink feather boa, a cheap-looking plastic tiara and a sash saying 'bride to be'. The other girls weren't any better with Daphne sporting devils ears and the others wearing bunny ears, they all had the same pink feather boas too. Daphne, of course, had been in charge of organising this, so it was moderate in comparison to what she had expected.

 

"Are you going to tell me where we're going yet?" Sadie asked the others in amusement; it had been kept as a secret from her all week no matter how much she nagged at her friends to tell her.

 

"Nope, it's still a surprise," Lilly said with a grin.

 

"What do you think the boys will do?" Sadie asked curiously. Behind her, Susan and Hermione shared a glance.

 

"Oh nothing big," Daphne lied, thankfully she was a reasonably good liar, "They will probably just go out for a few drinks at the Hogs Head."

 

"Yeah, you're probably right," Sadie said.

 

"They aren't going for a few quiet drinks, are they?" Susan asked Hermione in a whisper.

 

Hermione shook her head and whispered back, "I have no idea what they are doing, but I overheard them talking about going to watch Quidditch at the big stadium in Barcelona."

 

"I overheard them a few days ago discussing the merits of strip clubs in Amsterdam," Susan whispered.

 

"Was that Draco's idea or Harry's?" Hermione asked as she rolled her eyes.

 

"I think it was Neville's actually," Susan said with a raised eyebrow.

 

"What are you two whispering about?" Sadie asked as she turned to Hermione and Susan.

 

"Nothing," Susan lied with a bright smile, "We were just talking about where we're taking you."

 

"Are we nearly there yet?" Sadie asked impatiently.

 

"We are here, and you are so bloody impatient," Lilly said in amusement as she and Daphne dragged Sadie through a door with bright flashing lights above it.

 

"How do you think she'll react when she realises Daphne brought her to a muggle strip club?" Hermione asked Susan in an undertone as they followed them in.

 

"I'm sure we'll find out soon enough," Susan chuckled and sure enough 5 minutes later after sitting down at a table close to the stage, Sadie realised.

 

"Daphne you haven't," Sadie said as she looked at the type of people in the club and glanced to the stage where the curtain was beginning to be drawn back.

 

Daphne tried her best to look innocent as Sadie looked at her in horror. The curtains were pulled back, revealing men in very little clothing doing provocative dances.

 

"You did!" Sadie said. She shook her head at her best friend.

 

"Have a drink," Daphne said through her laughter, "Relax, unwind, enjoy yourself," she winked which made Sadie blush bright pink.

 

 

"So where are we going?" Neville asked Draco and Harry as he looked across at them, they were all dressed up for the stag night but still hadn't decided what to do. Blaise was absent, he was willing to be part of the wedding, but with Ginny pregnant, he was trying to look after her and didn't want to disappear on the stag night.

 

Given the kind of things, they had talked about doing that was probably a good thing.

 

"Let's just go to Vegas," Harry said with a smirk.

 

"Las Vegas?" Draco asked in disbelief, "In America?"

 

"Aw come on, let's be spontaneous! It will be great!" Neville said. He was instantly on Harry's side.

 

"But what if something goes wrong and we're stuck there?" Draco said, "This is Theo's wedding. We can't screw it up for him."

 

"We won't screw anything up," Harry said as he tried to convince Draco.

 

"Stop worrying about your boyfriend, Draco," Neville said with a wave of his hand, "The wedding doesn't start until 2 pm tomorrow, we'll apparate back early tomorrow morning."

 

"It will be fun, Draco, come on," Harry said with a grin, "Where's the Slytherin in you?"

 

"Alright fine," Draco gave in with a smirk.

 

"I'm pretty sure you were trying to surprise me," A new voice said as Theo emerged grinning and holding an extendable ear, "But I was kind of eavesdropping."

 

Harry laughed at this, "So what do you think?"

 

"I think Las Vegas here we come, baby!" Theo said as he grinned broadly at his friends.

 

 

"What do you mean you don't know where he is?"

 

"I mean we’ve lost him, and I've no idea where to find him!"

 

"How could you have lost him?” Harry panicked, “He's getting married in seven hours!"

 

"Not if he's dead in the middle of Las Vegas somewhere!" Draco snapped.

 

"He's not dead!" Neville said irritably, "But we do have to find him."

 

"How?" Draco asked in disbelief, "Las Vegas is huge!"

 

"I don't know how we're going to find him! I don't know what we're going to do!" Harry despaired.

 

"I'll tell you what we're not going to do," Neville said firmly, "And that is tell Sadie or any of the girls. They'll freak out."

 

"We need to tell them what's going on," Harry pointed out, "I mean we're supposed to be there in six hours!"

 

"And we will be. We’ll find Theo, we'll give him a sober up potion, and nobody will be any the wiser," Neville said simply.

 

"Come on then," Harry said as he got to his feet a little shakily, "Let's ask around the hotel..."

 

"What the hell did we do last night?" Draco asked as he reached into his bag for a sober up potion.

 

"I remember gambling," Harry frowned.

 

"And Theo trying to convince us to break a lion out of the zoo," Neville said slowly.

 

"Shit, you don't think he tried and got eaten alive, do you?" Draco asked with wide eyes.

 

"No," Harry scoffed, "He isn't that stupid."

 

"I don't know about that," Draco muttered, "He did drag us into that strip club."

 

"Yeah well at least nobody tried to drunkenly sleep with us," Harry yawned as he took a sober up potion himself, "Nobody knows who we are in Muggle America. Do either of you two have any idea where Theo could be?"

 

"None," Draco replied.

 

Neville shook his head too.

 

"Great," Harry muttered as they all changed and left the hotel room to ask about Theo. They had no luck on their way down to the reception, and they did ask every single person who they saw. Eventually, they reached the reception of the swanky hotel that they were staying in and approached the woman behind the desk.

 

"Hey," Harry said with a smile, "Have you seen our friend? He's getting married in seven hours, and we haven't seen him."

 

"He's tall and skinny," Draco cut in, “And kind of handsome but in a rugged rock star sort of way.”

 

Harry and Neville shared an amused look. Neville said, “He had dark hair and brown eyes.”

 

"His name is Theo," Harry said.

 

"Theodore," Neville corrected.

 

"Yeah, Theodore Nott," Draco said with a nod.

 

"Theodore Roosevelt Nott," Harry chimed in.

 

"Sorry," The American woman behind the desk said, "I haven't seen him. Is he a Brit like you guys?"

 

"Oh yeah," Draco frowned, “Why?"

 

"With a name like Theodore Roosevelt? He's British?" The young woman said in amusement.

 

"His mother liked history," Neville said offhandedly, "Thanks for your help. Come on, guys. We have to split up if we're going to find Theo."

 

 

"We need to floo Daphne," Draco said as he looked pointedly at Harry.

 

"Do we really need to floo her just yet?" Harry asked sheepishly.

 

"We've searched the entire hotel," Neville said as he flopped onto the sofa in their hotel room, “And he isn't here. So yeah we need to floo her now, just make sure Sadie doesn't find out."

 

"Oh, come on! Why do I have to be the bearer of bad news?" Harry exclaimed.

 

"Because Vegas was your idea Potter and Daphne is your fiancé," Draco said dryly as he threw some floo powder into the fireplace, "So get on with it."

 

Harry shot his friends a glare and stuck his head in the fireplace. He said the address where the girls were getting ready (Cauldwell House) and thankfully Sadie wasn't in the drawing-room when his head appeared in the flames.

 

"Harry!" Daphne smiled, "What's up?"

 

Harry grimaced, "We've lost Theo."

 

"You've lost Theo?" Daphne reiterated in disbelief.

 

"How the hell did you manage to lose him, Harry?" Hermione hissed as she moved closer to the fire.

 

"He wasn't here when we woke up this morning!" Harry said, “We can't find him anywhere!"

 

“Where are you?” Daphne asked in disbelief.

 

“Vegas.”

 

“Las Vegas?” Lilly asked with a raised eyebrow, “And you’ve lost the groom?”

 

Harry nodded, "We were really drunk last night. There were lions in a zoo and strip clubs...he could be anywhere."

 

"Oh for the love of Salazar," Daphne murmured, "Have you got anything of his with you?"

 

"Uh yeah, we have his coat..." Harry said as he turned and briefly scanned their hotel room. He spun his head around to look at the girls once more, "Why?"

 

"Because if you have something of his you can do a location charm, you idiot!" Hermione exclaimed.

 

"Shit!" Harry shouted, "How the hell did I not think of that?"

 

"Probably because you still look drunk as hell," Daphne retorted, "This is Sadie's wedding, Harry! She needs her future husband to show up. Do a location charm, find Theo, for Salazar's sake give him a sober up potion and get him back here!"

 

Before Harry could respond, the floo cut out. He stood up and looked at his friends, "Well… Daphne is very pissed off with me and how the hell did none of us think of a location charm?"

 

"Shit," Draco and Neville muttered as their eyes fell on Theo's abandoned jacket sitting on the back of a chair.

 

 

In England, it was a beautiful sunny morning, and Bath Abbey looked beautiful and scenic in the summer weather.

 

Sadie had started getting ready early in the morning, as had her bridesmaids. They had gotten up at the crack of dawn and had some breakfast with a little bit of hangover potion in their coffee. They had appointments all morning for hair and make-up, and while Sadie was in one of these appointments, the girls discussed the 'loss' of the groom.

 

"What are we going to do?" Hermione whispered.

 

"Nothing. Now they've worked out that they can use a location charm they'll find Theo easily," Lilly whispered.

 

"They'll get him back here in time," Daphne agreed, "All we can do is make sure we keep Sadie calm and make sure that she has no idea that her future husband is currently missing."

 

"I'm going to kill Draco for taking him to Vegas," Hermione muttered.

 

"I wouldn't, I think it was Harry's idea," Lilly said with vague amusement.

 

"I know it was, and I am going to kill him," Daphne murmured, "Especially if Theo doesn't show up."

 

Their conversation was interrupted by the opening of the door, which distracted them.

 

Sadie walked in wearing her dress with her bridal hair and make-up all finished. She looked stunning, and they all told her that.

 

Sadie smiled and said, "Do you think the boys are getting on okay?"

 

Lilly was one of the better liars, so she said, "Oh, they're fine Sadie. They'll probably have a long lie. You know what that lot are like."

 

Sadie chuckled her agreement and Daphne smiled at her best friend, "It's time to head to the abbey," she said, "We'll sort out the last minute things there."

 

"Okay," Sadie said, she held onto Daphne's arm to apparate.

 

"You seem nervous," Daphne said.

 

"Oh I'm not nervous at all," Sadie said sarcastically as together they spun and appeared around the back of Bath Abbey. Five minutes later, Sadie was sitting down in a back room with Daphne and her mother, she was staring at herself in the mirror and trying desperately not to throw up.

 

"In a few hours you will be Mrs Sadie Nott," Lotus, Sadie's Mother, was saying as she adjusted Sadie's hair which had been left down and curled.

 

"I know," Sadie said as she swallowed hard, "I'm so nervous."

 

"Don't be," Daphne said with a smile, "You and Theo are perfect. You have nothing to be nervous about."

 

"Daphne's right," Lotus said, "Everything will run smoothly, and when it's over, you will be surprised that it went so well."

 

Sadie nodded as she tried to believe this, "Theo and the boys should be here by now shouldn't they?" she asked, she had a feeling that something was wrong.

 

"Probably," Lilly said, "But don't worry about it. Hermione and I will go check."

 

"You should go too Daphne," Sadie said, "And make sure everything is alright."

 

"I will if that's what you want Sadie," Daphne said, she tried not to give away the fact that she was now a little worried too. She disappeared from the room with Lilly and Hermione, leaving Sadie alone with her mother and Susan.

 

"Please tell me they're here?" Daphne murmured as they stepped outside of the church.

 

"No, and they are half an hour late," Hermione said as she bit her lip.

 

"Is Sadie getting worried?" Lilly asked quietly, "She seemed kind of worried."

 

"A little but I'm trying to convince her its fine," Daphne said quietly.

 

Hermione sighed, "If they ruin Sadie's wedding day I'll kill them all!" she snapped, she was about to go on a rant as they stared into the emptiness beyond the church. All of a sudden, a loud crack made them all jump.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes when she saw that Theo, Harry, Draco and Neville had just apparated outside of the church. They were still dressed in their ordinary clothes although thankfully they were carrying the hanger bags with their wedding clothes in them.

 

The first sign that something was off with them was the fact that all four of them were wearing sunglasses, even Harry who Hermione had never in all the years she had known him seen wear sunglasses.

 

"So you found him then?" Hermione asked as she crossed her arms over her chest.

 

"Yeah, all fine like you said it would be Daph," Harry said with a smile.

 

"And what are the sunglasses then, a fashion statement?" Lilly asked sarcastically.

 

"It's summer, Lil," Harry said simply.

 

"Liar," Hermione said as she pulled Draco's sunglasses off. His eyes were bright red and bloodshot, "You're still hungover, aren't you?"

 

"A little," Draco said, but Daphne just raised an eyebrow at this.

 

"What?"

 

"You look like shit," Daphne said simply, she grabbed the other boy's glasses, "You all do."

 

"Well, we did find Theo on the roof of the hotel," Harry said as he glared at his Slytherin friend.

 

"I was tired!" Theo said defensively.

 

Daphne shook her head in disbelief, "Come on. I'll sneak you in so Susan can sort you all out. There is no way Sadie is seeing you like this!"

 

Daphne, Hermione and Lilly slipped back into the church, and the four boys followed her like puppies into a side-room next to the room Sadie was getting ready in.

 

"Merlin!" Susan exclaimed when she saw the boys.

 

"Do we look that bad?"

 

"Yes," The girls echoed.

 

"Do some glamour charms on them please Susan," Daphne said, "Sadie will freak out if she sees them like this."

 

"What happened to you lot anyway?" Susan asked as she did a few glamour charms to sort out their bloodshot eyes, the dark marks beneath their eyes and their pale complexions.

 

"We went to Las Vegas," Neville said with a yawn.

 

"Which was really stupid," Lilly remarked as she cocked her head at Neville in amusement.

 

"It seemed like a good idea at the time," Harry said defensively.

 

"I bet it did," Susan said with a chuckle, "Your face is sorted, Theo."

 

"I had a feeling something like this might happen," Hermione admitted as she narrowed her eyes at them.

 

"Right best man you're next," Susan said as she pushed Draco into a seat and performed the same glamour charms she had just performed on Theo.

 

"Is this what being a girl is like?" Draco whined.

 

"Yes but you also have to put up with whiny men," Lilly teased which made Draco roll his eyes.

 

"We aren't all that bad," Harry said, he seemed to be the least hungover of them all.

 

"Just some of you," Susan said with a chuckle, "Right you're done, Harry, you next."

 

"Why am I last?" Neville asked.

 

"Because you look like you're going to spew on me," Susan said, and she wrinkled her nose at Neville.

 

Susan quickly sorted Harry out and then said, "Okay, you're done, come on Neville you next."

 

Looking much less like he would throw up Neville sat down across from Susan who expertly performed the glamour charms. The four boys all looked much more respectable after the emergency glamour charm treatment, but there was still a lot to be done.

 

"The wedding starts in an hour and a half so get changed you lot," Hermione said.

 

"Quickly," Daphne added, she left the room to tell Sadie that the boys had arrived. She knocked on the door and popped her head in, "The boys are here; they are just getting ready now."

 

"Perfect," Sadie said with a sigh of relief, "Thanks, Daph, you're the best."

 

"I know," Daphne said with a broad smile before she disappeared from the room once more.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *



"I'm just going to check over the ceremony arrangements with the vicar sweetheart. I'll be back soon," Sadie's mother said as she kissed her daughter on the cheek.

 

"Okay, thanks, Mum," Sadie said with a smile.

 

Her mother left the room which left Sadie alone with Daphne.

 

"You look terrified," Daphne said with a small smile.

 

"I am," Sadie admitted sheepishly, "It’s all happened so fast…my brain is just catching up."

 

"If this is how you're reacting imagine how scared Theo is," Daphne joked which made Sadie laugh.

 

"I think everyone must feel scared on their wedding day," Sadie mused thoughtfully, "But I think it's more nerve-wracking when you have written your vows."

 

"I think it's nice," Daphne said as she put Sadie's veil on for her, "And I think you and Theo are perfect for each other. You might have tried to hide it for years Sadie, but Tracey and I always knew you liked Theo. His complete undying love for you was pretty obvious too from about second year."

 

Sadie smiled, but it wasn't an entirely happy smile, "I wish she was here today Daph, it should be the three of us in here…"

 

"I know," Daphne said, she fixed Sadie's veil in place and hugged her friend, "But she's watching from somewhere."

 

"I like to think the same," Sadie admitted, she wiped her tears away before they could roll down her face and ruin her make-up, "When I dreamed about my wedding day…I knew you would be my Maid of Honour but I just always thought that Tracey and Pansy would be my bridesmaids."

 

"War changes everything Sadie," Daphne said as she sat down next to her friend, "And I miss them too. It kills me to think about my wedding day without Tracey. I miss Pansy, and I even miss my father sometimes, but everything happens for a reason. Look at the friends we have made this year, the people we have met who have changed our lives.”

 

Sadie smiled and hugged her friend.

 

Daphne drew back and smiled a little tearfully, “We’re the survivors. You survived, and you are marrying the man of your dreams. I bet you if you went back in time and told yourself that during the war, you wouldn’t believe it.”

 

“I wouldn’t have,” Sadie chuckle, "Thanks, Daphne, I don't know where I'd be without you."

 

"Sad and lonely," Daphne said, she kissed her on the cheek, “I light up your life, right?”

 

“You do,” Sadie laughed.

 

Daphne drew back and smiled once more, “Are you nearly ready to go?"

 

With a slightly pale face, Sadie nodded.

 

"I'll go get the girls then," Daphne said with a smile, she disappeared from the room and popped her head in next door where thankfully all of the boys were ready.

 

"How are you doing Theo?" Daphne asked.

 

Theo was pacing up and down the room.

 

"Nervous," Theo admitted which was something that he didn't admit to very often.

 

"So is your soon to be wife," Daphne said as she walked into the room and patted Theo on the shoulder, "Don't worry about it."

 

"We've been trying to tell him this," Harry said with a smile, "But nothing seems to work."

 

"I'll be fine, I just want to get started," Theo said as he wrung his hands.

 

"Good," Daphne said as she turned to the girls, "Because I'm collecting the bridesmaids so we can get started."

 

"We're ready," Hermione said, she got to her feet followed by Lilly and Susan.

 

"See you in the church, Theo," Daphne said, she kissed him on the cheek. Theo nodded, and the girls disappeared from the room.

 

 

"Theo, sit down," Neville said in amusement as he watched his friend pace.

 

"You're going to wear a hole in the floor," Harry added with an amused chuckle. They were gathered in this little room waiting for it to be time to move into the church.

 

"What if she runs away? What if she doesn't want to marry me? What if she's realised I'm not any good for her?" Theo asked. He spouted all of this off very quickly.

 

"Theo, she realised you weren't any good for her a long time ago, and she's still marrying you," Draco joked with a smirk as Harry and Neville sniggered at the state Theo was in.

 

"Are you sure?" Theo asked.

 

Draco nodded, he put his arm around his best friend’s shoulder, "You’re being an idiot. If she thought you weren’t any good, why would she have saved you from the dark tower, huh? Why would she have cried her eyes out while we sat and waited through the night for you to wake up? Why would she have stayed up late every single night for a month, just pouring over floor plans? It wasn’t me who got you out, it was both of us, and she did that because she loved you.”

 

Theo took a steadying breath and nodded.

 

He hugged Draco, “Thanks, man.”

 

Neville and Harry watched from a distance, and Harry murmured, “She isn’t the only one, eh?”

 

“Oh that much was obvious during the war,” Neville shrugged, “You didn’t see him, Harry. He practically begged me to save Theo. I had a hell of a job convincing Gin to help Slytherins mind you.”

 

Harry frowned, “You’ll have to show me the memories sometime.”

 

“Why?” Neville asked curiously.

 

“So I can understand quite how much you had to go to while I was running away,” Harry replied quietly.

 

Neville grabbed Harry’s wrist and shook his head, “Shut up. You weren’t running away; you were working on a plan that saved all of us. I was just keeping the kids safe in the meantime.”

 

“Oi! You two, it’s my wedding. You’re not allowed to have bromance moments, that’s our thing,” Theo objected, nudging Draco.

 

Neville chuckled and said, “You shouldn’t be freaking out about Sade running away, you know? She probably thinks you're gonna make a run for it.”

 

"She should know I'd never do that," Theo said softly as he sat down for the first time, "I've been in love with her since the moment I saw her."

 

"How did you meet?" Harry asked with a smile, Theo and Sadie were perfect for each other.

 

"Yeah, did you know each other before Hogwarts?" Neville asked curiously.

 

Theo shook his head, he was still smiling, "Nah, we met on the Hogwarts Express…"

 

"What are you freaking out about Draco? Obviously, we're going to be in Slytherin, look at our family histories, it's our legacy!" An 11-year-old Theo was saying to an 11-year-old, somewhat scared-looking Draco.

 

"But what if I'm sorted into Gryffindor or something?" Draco asked anxiously.

 

"You won't be," Theo said as he patted his friend on the shoulder, "You've got Slytherin written all over you."

 

The two boys were walking up the Hogwarts Express searching for a compartment.

 

"Come on," Theo said, "We'll ask those three if we can sit with them."

 

He pointed to a carriage with two blonde-haired girls and a dark-haired girl in it and pushed the door open, "Hey, do you girls mind if we sit with you? Everywhere else is full."

 

"Sure," The girls said in unison.

 

“Hey, Draco.”

 

Draco smiled, “Hey Daphne. Theo, remember I told you about Daphne? The girl from France?”

 

Theo nodded, “You don’t sound French.”

 

“That’s because I’m not French dumbass,” Daphne shrugged, “I’m English, I just lived in France for a while.”

 

"I'm Theo Nott," Theo said as he sat down heavily next to Draco, "But you probably knew that too."

 

"Never heard of you actually," Daphne said which made Draco snigger.

 

"Shut up you," Theo said as he nudged his best friend, "I'm sure you're mistaken. My family are very influential."

 

"Not influential enough clearly," Daphne said with a smirk.

 

"Daph don't be so rude," The other blonde girl said.

 

"Yeah Daph, Merlin you're so rude," Theo said, he shook his head and tutted mockingly.

 

"Theo Nott," Theo said as he shook the other girl's hand.

 

"Sadie Cauldwell," She said with a smile, and Theo felt something then that he couldn't explain, he smiled broadly at the girl, and for the rest of the train journey, he talked to her.

 

"You know, that story has many parallels with how my parents met," Harry said with a smile, after hearing Theo recount how he first met Sadie, "Only sadly it didn't end so happily."

 

Theo smiled, "I guess I should think myself lucky then, not that I don't already mind you," he said as he gazed at the wall looking like his mind was far away.

 

"Have you ever seen him like this?" Harry asked Neville in an undertone. His fellow Gryffindor shook his head.

 

"I have," Draco said quietly, "This is how Sadie has always made him."

 

"I think this is how my parents were," Harry said as he revealed something to his friends that he had only ever told himself before, "I think Sadie and Theo's relationship is really similar to my parents."

 

"Without the war and a scummy rat I think you're right," Neville said with a smile, "I think they are a perfect example of how your parents should have been."

 

"Alright, you two the time for being sentimental is over," Draco said as he glanced at the clock, "Time to get started, Theo."

 

Theo nodded. He looked incredibly nervous now.

 

"Stop worrying," Draco said to his best friend as they walked out of the door together and it made them both smile as they remembered that first train to Hogwarts. The parallel of that day with Draco freaking out and Theo calming him down with today was almost amusing. Still, it was also nostalgic, and it made Draco realise that after today everything would change because Theo would be a married man.

 

As the two friends walked down the corridor to the entrance to the church, Harry, Neville and Blaise (who had just arrived) followed them. They reached the door and walked into the church. There were already some guests seated in the front few rows, and more were filing in as Draco steered Theo into position by the altar.

 

"She's going to turn up, right?"

 

"Of course she is," Draco said as he placed his hand on Theo's shoulder.

 

Theo scanned the crowd, and his eyes eventually fell on his step-mother, who was in the front row on her own. Lacey would be sitting next to her later, but she was outside with the bridal party at the moment because she was the flower girl.

 

Salvadora smiled at him and got to her feet. She walked forward and said, “You do not need to look so concerned, Theo. She is just outside the door, and I know she feels just as nervous as you do. But you have so much going for you, you are both young, and you are in love. It’s rare to have both of those things in a pureblood marriage.”

 

Theo smiled, “Thanks, Sally.”

 

She kissed him on the cheek and went back to her seat.

 

“Sally?” Draco asked. He smiled at his best friend, “Since when were you ‘Theo’ and ‘Sally’ then?”

 

“Since I decided to grow up,” Theo admitted, “We’re both adults, and she didn’t enjoy being married to my father any more than I enjoyed being his son.”

 

Draco nodded and looked at him proudly, “That’s very mature of you.”

 

 

"Alright Sadie we're ready when you are," Hermione said from where she, Lilly and Susan were holding her train.

"I'm as ready as I'll ever be," Sadie admitted as she grabbed Daphne's arm.

 

Daphne chuckled and linked her arm through her best friends, "We'll move now then before you change your mind," she joked as she held the door open and helped Sadie through it.

 

"Don't worry, I'd never change my mind about marrying Theo," Sadie said, she smiled as they walked down the long corridor. It seemed to take forever, but eventually, they reached a little hallway area.

 

Waiting in this area was Sorenson (who was walking Sadie down the aisle), Oscar and Lacey. Oscar looked incredibly adorable in his little navy blue dress robes.

 

"You look beautiful sis," Sorenson said, he hugged Sadie and linked his arm through hers.

 

"Thanks," Sadie said a little shakily as she got into position ready to enter the church.

 

"Deep breaths Sadie," Daphne whispered from behind her, she placed her hand on her shoulder, "We've got a couple of minutes until it's time to go in."

 

Sadie nodded, she closed her eyes and couldn’t help but remember the moment she fell in love with Theo…

 

"Sadie!"

 

Sadie looked up. She felt exhausted and ill.

 

"Theo," She said quietly, she was full of relief as he hurried towards her.

 

"What did they do to you?" Theo asked angrily as he cut the ties binding her.

 

"Nothing," Sadie lied, "How did you get in here?"

 

Sadie had been in a locked room in the dark tower and ties had been binding her hands and feet together.

 

"The Carrows are at a Death Eater meeting," Theo said as he helped Sadie to her feet, "And I flew onto the roof to get you, but I set off the caterwauling charm, so we don’t have much time.”

 

"Ah!" Sadie cried out when she tried to put her foot down on the ground.

 

"Is it broken?" Theo asked.

 

Sadie shook her head, "I don't know," she admitted.

 

Without a second thought, Theo lifted Sadie in his arms and rushed down the spiral stairs as fast as he could so that they could escape before the Carrows came back. Sadie didn't even worry about him falling. At that moment for the first time, she trusted him completely.

 

"Where's Pansy?" Sadie asked as she tried desperately hard to keep her eyes open.

 

"She got out last night, snuck out while the Carrows were doing the rounds," Theo explained when they reached the bottom of the stairs.

 

Theo pressed his finger against Sadie's lips as they heard voices in the corridor. Quickly he pulled them both into a broom cupboard and carefully shut the door and placed Sadie down on her good foot.

 

They were pressed very tightly together in the broom cupboard and even in her exhausted state of mind, Sadie blushed slightly at the contact. They held their breath as the voices passed them on the stairs. The voices belonged to Crabbe and Goyle who were obviously patrolling the area in the Carrows absence. They must have noticed the absence of the security troll, and in a moment, they would discover that Sadie was gone too.

 

“Come on,” Theo whispered. He opened the door and lifted Sadie effortlessly once more. They emerged onto the main sixth-floor corridor, and Theo saw Daphne waving them over from the entrance to the central tower. They rushed through the thankfully deserted area to the central tower which acted as a shortcut to where they needed to go.

 

Theo didn't seem to be struggling with carrying Sadie's weight as he carefully but quickly made his way down the spiral staircase to the bottom where two large double doors stood ajar.

 

"There you are," Draco hissed from where he was keeping guard outside of the doors, "You took longer than expected."

 

"I think Sadie has broken something," Theo said, "She can't walk."

 

"Come on then," Draco said, he led them out of the central tower onto the second-floor corridor, "We need to get her back so Trace can look her over."

 

Theo nodded, "Don't worry," he whispered to Sadie, "We'll be back soon."

 

Sadie and Theo had been friends for years, but something different had been developing throughout the war and his concern for her today made Sadie realise that she might be falling in love with him.

 

The trio rushed along the second-floor corridor and made their way through a locked door which Draco made sure to lock behind them. The hallway was flooded, and water came up to their knees, but they were used to this, so they waded through it into their hide-out, it was a disused bathroom that they had cleared out and used as a place to sleep where the Carrows couldn't find them.

 

"Sadie!" Daphne called out. She looked anxious as Theo put Sadie down on one of the makeshift beds, "What happened?"

 

"She might have broken something, I had to carry her here," Theo said, he sat down next to Sadie and kissed her on the cheek, "You're safe now," he whispered and at that moment just before she passed out Sadie looked at Theo and thought to herself…I want to marry him one day…

 

"Stop daydreaming sis," Sorenson said, he nudged his sister slightly and smiled at her, "It's time."

 

Sadie took yet another deep breath as the double doors began to open. She saw the church, filled with guests and then at the end of the aisle she saw Theo, he looked pale and terrified.

 

The music began to play, and Sadie began to walk forward, her eyes were locked on Theo. It was as if she was gliding towards him and all of her thoughts and worries about today completely left her head.

 

Theo had imagined for the last month what Sadie would look like today, but when the doors opened, and she began to walk down that aisle, his breath caught in his throat because she looked more beautiful than he could have imagined in his wildest dreams. Her hair flowed over her shoulders, her veil covered her face but didn’t conceal her smile. She looked like an angel, and her dress was perfect for her.

 

Theo barely noticed the rest of the bridal party, but his best man and groomsmen did. To Harry, Daphne looked more beautiful than he had ever seen her in the dress Sadie had chosen, it was one of the few times she left her hair down and natural rather than fixing it to be curlier or straighter instead of leaving it in its natural wavy state.

 

To Draco, Hermione looked equally as beautiful, he was used to seeing her with her hair pulled up out of the way or left bushy, but today it had been loosely curled, and it looked beautiful.

 

To Neville, Lilly looked amazing wearing the bridesmaid dress because Lilly didn't wear dresses as often as the other girls did. Her hair was unusual too because it was almost always poker straight, but today it was curly, just like Hermione and Susan's hair.

 

Neville looked away from Lilly to see Theo's reaction and realised that Theo hadn't started breathing yet. He rolled his eyes and nudged Harry. Harry frowned but realised what Neville meant, so he nudged Blaise and pointed to Theo. Blaise nodded and nudged Draco, who frowned and looked around. It was only then that he realised what was going on.

 

Draco nudged Theo gently, which made him gasp, "Breathe you fool, you don't want to faint on your wedding day," he whispered jokingly into his best friend’s ear.

 

"Thanks, Draco," Theo whispered.

 

Neville and Harry glanced at each other and rolled their eyes in amusement.

 

Theo hadn't been able to take his eyes away from Sadie as she drifted down the aisle, in his mind, it was in slow motion, but she eventually reached him, and when she did she grinned broadly at him.

 

"I'm proud of you sis," Sorenson whispered as he took Sadie's hand and placed it in Theo's as tradition stated. He lifted her veil and kissed her on the cheek before taking his seat next to their mother, who looked like she was crying already.

 

Sadie beamed at Theo as she gripped his hand tightly. Lacey and Oscar sat down at the front of the church for the moment and Daphne, Hermione, Lilly and Susan all stood next to Sadie.

 

"Ladies and Gentlemen," The vicar, a short man with a large moustache, said, "We are gathered here today to witness the marriage of Theodore Roosevelt Nott and Sadie Cauldwell."

 

Theo glanced around at his groomsmen, he had expected them to chuckle or smirk at his name, but they were all smiling. He chuckled on the inside and thought to himself. This is probably the only time they won't laugh at my name.

 

"Today Theodore and Sadie will be united in body and soul for life," The vicar said as he smiled at the young couple who appeared to be almost glowing with happiness.

 

"I must now ask if any man can show just cause as to why Theodore and Sadie may not be lawfully joined together. Let him speak now, or forever hold his peace," The vicar said, he paused to see if anyone objected.

 

There was silence, so the vicar continued, "Do you Theodore Roosevelt Nott, and you Sadie Cauldwell, promise to comfort, honour, protect and be faithful to each other for as long as you both may live?"

 

"I do," Theo said without taking his eyes away from Sadie's.

 

"I do," Sadie said quietly but loud enough for it to be acknowledged.

 

"Then I would ask you to give your vows to one another," The vicar said with a smile.

 

Sadie and Theo then turned to face each other and entwined both of their hands. They had chosen to make their vows a mixture of traditional and personal. The personal would come first.

 

“Sadie, I have never told you this,” Theo began, his voice shook a little, “But throughout my darkest days during the war you were the guiding light that saved me from the darkness that might have overwhelmed me," he took a deep breath, "Throughout the month I spent imprisoned I thought of you, I thought of seeing your face again and seeing your smile," he paused for breath once more, "You all thought that it was a miracle that I lived, but I wasn't the miracle, you were. You saved my life then, and you made me realise how blind I had been not to see that I was crazily in love with you."

 

Sadie was already crying slightly. She carefully wiped her tears away with her finger so she would not smudge her make-up.

 

"I want to thank you for saving my life, but I also want to promise that the love I felt then will never fade and that I will give you all of me for as long as I live," Theo finished, he looked slightly emotional himself.

 

All of the girls were crying, and even Draco looked a little teary.

 

Sadie had to take a moment to compose herself as her mother, and Theo's step-mother both sniffed and clutched handkerchiefs in the front row.

 

"Theo," Sadie began, "I realised I was in love with you when you saved me during the war, I was close to giving up when you walked in and carried me to safety," it was strange, how they both talked about the war without previously discussing their vows, "I have never told you this, but that day just before I passed out I couldn't help but think to myself, I want to marry him someday," there was an 'aww' from the audience and Sadie's mother sobbed louder.

 

"There were so many times after that day that I could have given up, but I didn't because I remembered that thought and each day that passed convinced me more that it might truly happen one day. I lost a lot in the war, but ultimately I gained you from it, and that made every sacrifice worth it," Sadie's voice shook slightly as she got emotional, "So I promise to love you for every day of my life and to cherish every moment that we spend together."

 

Theo was actually in tears, although he tried very hard to hide it, but those closest to him saw. Sadie's hands shook in Theo's as she finished speaking and took a shaky breath.

 

The vicar looked like he might burst into tears too as he moved onto the traditional part of the vows, "Do you Theodore Roosevelt Nott take Sadie Cauldwell to have and to hold from this day forward? For better, for worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health, to love and to cherish until death do you part?"

 

"I do," Theo said, his voice was rough with emotion.

 

"And do you Sadie Cauldwell take Theodore Roosevelt Nott to have and to hold from this day forward? For better, for worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health, to love and to cherish until death do you part?"

 

"I do," Sadie said softly, she was unable to stop her happy tears from falling now.

 

With a helpful hand from Sorenson, Oscar walked forwards. He held a pillow with the rings on it.

 

"Place the ring on Sadie's finger Theodore," The vicar said as Theo picked up Sadie's wedding ring which was a simple golden band with diamonds set around the edge. His hands shook a little as he placed the ring on Sadie's finger and slid it into place.

 

"And would you please place the ring on Theodore's finger, Sadie?" The vicar asked. Sadie's hands also shook as she slid Theo's simple golden band onto his finger.

 

"I am now delighted to pronounce you man and wife," The vicar said with a beam, "You may now kiss the bride!"

All of their friends and family cheered as Sadie and Theo kissed; it was the best and most emotional kiss they had ever had. The only kiss that rivalled it was one that Theo couldn't remember and that Sadie had only told him about months later…

 

"Draco please!" Sadie begged, "I have to go, please."

 

Theo had now been imprisoned in the dark tower for a month by the Carrows for saving Luna Lovegood's life when she had been caught trying to get food for her and the others working for the light.

 

"Fine," Draco relented, "But if you get hurt or…something else happens...we warned you."

 

"She'll be fine," Daphne said as she glared at Draco, "She's a good fighter, you just never give her the chance to show it."

 

"Then she can show it tonight," Draco said shortly, "Come on we need to go now, or we have no chance of helping him."

 

Daphne nodded and she, Draco, Pansy, Sadie and Tracey left their secret bathroom hide-out, waded through the flooded corridor, rushed along the second-floor corridor and entered the central tower.

 

"Sadie, you can guard the tower," Draco commanded, but Sadie shook her head, "No, Draco, he saved me and now I'm doing the same for him."

 

Draco opened his mouth to argue when Tracey cut in, "I'll stay here.”

 

Draco glanced at her, “Are you sure?”

 

Tracey nodded, “I’m the worst fighter. Put me in the place where we’re least likely to encounter the opposition.”

 

"You need to get Theo out of there," Daphne agreed with a nod, “You and Sadie.”

 

"Right come on you three," Draco said to Pansy, Daphne and Sadie. The three of them made their way up the central tower as fast as they could. Sadie had never been allowed on these rescue missions before, so this was new to her, the last time she had been on this staircase Theo had been carrying her in his arms.

 

"Alright, we need someone to guard this end of the tower," Draco said when they reached the top, "And I've got a feeling little miss perfect is going to refuse."

 

"Draco, you saved Pansy because you're in love with her, aren't you?" Sadie hissed.

 

“Of course I am,” Draco responded.

 

"Well I am in love with Theo, and I don't care if he doesn't notice me or have any idea about the way I feel, but I am going in there, and I'm going to save him. I won't let him die," Sadie said intensely as she stared into Draco's eyes.

 

"Okay, you made your case," Draco said with a small, almost proud smile, "Daphne, stand guard."

 

Daphne smiled and nodded. She pulled out her wand, Draco turned to Sadie, "Come on, then warrior princess."

 

Sadie didn't smile; she couldn't, not when Theo was in danger. She knew that he could be dead up there by now, but she was trying not to think about this possibility. When they reached the sixth-floor corridor, Neville and Seamus created a loud, explosive distraction that drew all of the Death Eaters away from the tower.

 

Draco and Sadie ran towards the tower together but encountered Filch and Mrs Norris patrolling the staircase.

 

Draco had barely raised his wand, but then in a flash, Filch and his cat were both lying stiff on the ground, not dead but frozen. He turned in surprise to Sadie who was holding her wand and glaring at them.

 

"Petrificus Totalus," Draco mumbled as he looked at the frozen bodies, "You can do speechless magic. Impressive."

 

"Told you I could be useful," Sadie said as she ran up the staircase after Draco. In minutes they reached the top of the tower where the cells were located. All of them had cast-iron doors and spells that stopped magic being used inside them. It was like Azkaban without the Dementors.

 

“Get Theo, I’ll keep watch,” Draco said. He took his wand out and stood atop the stairs, fully expecting a horde of Death Eaters to come up them.

 

Sadie looked through the windows until she found the cell where Theo was.

 

"Theo" Sadie called through the gap in the door.

 

"Sadie!" A weak voice called back, "Is that you?"

 

"It's me. I'm going to break you out, stay away from the door," Sadie called.

 

"Okay," Theo called back.

 

Sadie waited for a moment and then pointed her wand at the door, "Bombarda!"

 

There was a small explosion at the base of the door which was enough to force it from its hinges, and it fell backwards into the cell.

 

Sadie rushed in when the smoke cleared and found Theo sitting on the floor at the back of the cell. He looked exhausted and weak like he hadn't eaten for days, but he was alive.

 

"I'm so glad you're okay," Sadie whispered as she drank in his features, she had truly been worried that she might never see him again.

 

"Me too," Theo said with a small smile.

 

Sadie leant forward and caught his lips in a gentle, soft and passionate kiss. After that, he fainted.

 

“Is he alive?” Draco asked from the corridor.

 

“Barely,” Sadie replied.

 

Draco ran into the room and picked his best friend up, “Come on, let’s escape via the roof while Longbottom keeps that lot busy.”

 

Sadie followed him onto the roof.

 

“Accio broomsticks.”

 

Two brooms broke out of the shed in the grounds and flew up to them. Sadie jumped on one and Draco got on the other, supporting Theo as he did so. They flew off into the night before the Death Eaters could even begin to climb the tower.

 

"I love you," Theo whispered as he kissed Sadie once more.

 

"I love you too," Sadie beamed, she looked out at their friends and family who were clapping, cheering and crying.

 

They linked arms and walked down the aisle out of the church, followed by the rest of the procession.

 

The Maid of Honour and the Best Man followed arm in arm.

 

"That was beautiful," Daphne said as she wiped her eyes.

 

"I never thought it would be that emotional," Draco admitted with a small smile.

 

"It's interesting that they both talked about the war," Daphne mused.

 

"Not really," Draco said with a smile, "It's how they fell in love after all. I remember Sadie that day when we saved Theo, I'd never seen her so passionate before."

 

"She proved herself to you that day," Daphne remembered with a fond smile.

 

Draco shook her head, “No, she didn’t. It was the weeks leading up to that day when she proved herself to me. All those nights, we would stay up, trying to work out how to get Theo out…that was when we got close.”

 

“Through your mutual love for Theo,” Daphne said with a small smile, “He brought you together.”

 

“I suppose he did,” Draco said simply.

 

"Do you think we'll ever tell Harry and Hermione the truth about the war?" Daphne asked. She had never told Harry the full, complicated story of her and Blaise, and Draco was yet to tell Hermione the truth behind his relationship with Pansy.

 

"One day we will," Draco answered, “But everyone has secrets."

 

Behind Daphne and Draco, the other bridesmaids and groomsmen walked arm in arm. Blaise walked with Susan then behind them were Neville and Lilly. Finally, bringing up the rear were Harry and Hermione.

 

"Who would have thought we would have been this emotional over the wedding of two Slytherins," Harry said to Hermione who was still drying her eyes.

 

"The war changed a lot," Hermione said simply, "But I didn't realise how much it changed things for the Slytherins, let alone for us."

 

"From everything Nev has told me, I think they were fighting their own battle in Hogwarts while we were fighting ours across the country," Harry admitted.

 

"Do you think they will ever talk to us about it?" Hermione asked Harry curiously, “Draco mentions things that happened back then, but he doesn’t like to talk about it.”

 

"Neither does Daphne,” Harry admitted, “But I think one day they might tell us everything. Do you think we'll ever tell them everything we went through in the war?"

 

"I'm not sure," Hermione admitted with a frown, "Maybe one day."

 

"Maybe," Harry said as they reached the doors to the church.

 

Behind Harry and Hermione Lacey and Oscar walked from the church hand in hand. Traditionally the bride's mother and the groom's father should have followed, but as Theo's father wasn't here and he didn't have much family, Lotus walked from the church on her own.

 

Bringing up the rear was supposed to the groom's mother and the bride's father, but Sadie's Father wasn't here, so Salvadora walked from the church arm in arm with Sorenson instead.

 

When the procession had left the church, it was time for pictures. Eventually, it was time to move on. Sadie and Theo disappeared ahead of the others to apparate to Nott Manor, and the rest of the wedding guests began to follow.

 

 

When the bridesmaids, groomsmen and the rest of the general 'bridal party' arrived at Nott Manor, they were led upstairs to a large ballroom where lots of long tables were set up for the meal.

 

All of the other guests were already seated when the bridal party were announced and took their seats at the top table.

 

There were two seats left in the middle once everyone was seated for Sadie and Theo. Next to where Sadie would sit Sorenson was seated and next to where Theo would sit, Lotus was seated. On Sorenson's other side was Salvadora and on Lotus's other side where Theo's father should have been sitting was Lacey. Next to Lacey was Daphne and next to Salvadora on the other side was Draco.

 

At the table nearest the top table, Hermione, Susan, Lilly, Harry, Neville, Blaise and Ginny were all seated.

 

"Ladies and gentlemen," Sorenson said loudly, "Please welcome Mr and Mrs Nott!"

 

There was much cheering as Sadie and Theo walked in hand in hand and took their seats in the centre of the top table.

 

Sorenson then stood and clicked a spoon against a glass to get everyone's attention. The room fell silent, and Sorenson smiled at everyone with ease, being an Auror he was used to public appearances, and he seemed in his element, "I would like to thank everyone for coming today. Traditionally, of course, this would be our father's job, but as he can't be here today I would instead like to welcome you all to the meal and reception, I hope you all enjoy yourselves!"

 

Sorenson sat back down with a smile and squeezed Sadie's hand. She was still slightly upset about the fact that her father was locked up in Azkaban instead of being here at her wedding.

 

After Sorenson had opened the meal, the orders were taken, and the first course was served. At the smaller table in front of the top table, the friends talked amongst themselves as they ate.

 

"Trust Theo and Sadie to have great food at their wedding," Harry said with a chuckle as he tucked in.

 

"It's almost as good as the stuff they serve at the Ministry Balls," Neville agreed, he looked like he was enjoying the food immensely.

 

Hermione rolled her eyes at her two friends, "Is food all men care about?"

 

"Not entirely," Neville said.

 

Lilly laughed, "I disagree with that, looking at the way you lot eat."

 

"It did feel like a fairytale wedding today, didn't it?" Hermione asked with a smile.

 

"Yeah," Lilly said as she glanced up at Sadie and Theo, "I felt like I was in a storybook."

 

"I wouldn't know," Harry said with a chuckle, "I never did read them as a kid."

 

"I have no idea what Muggle fairy tales are like," Susan admitted in amusement, "Everyone dies at the end of Beedle the Bards tales unless you read the Beatrix Bloxam versions with their sickly happy endings."

 

"That's pretty much what Muggle fairy tales are like," Hermione admitted with a sheepish smile, "The girl always gets the prince, and they all live happily ever after...”

 

"That's stupid though," Neville mused, "All that's teaching young girls is to wait and do nothing, and you'll get a prince."

 

"I know," Harry agreed, "At least Beedle's tales have morals behind them that teach kids things."

 

"Beedle the Bards tales teach life lessons," Blaise spoke up, he had barely said anything all day as he watched the proceedings quietly, "They teach that death is as much a part of life as birth is. They teach that desire and ambition are not always good traits, but ultimately they teach that with determination and a pure heart, you can achieve anything in life."

 

"Wow," Harry said, the others were all equally stunned.

 

"That was pretty deep, Blaise," Ginny said with a smile.

 

Blaise shrugged and went back to his soup. He left the others stunned into silence.

 

Shortly after their discussion about fairy tales, the first course was finished, and the plates vanished from the tables. The orders were then taken for the main course, and while the food was being prepared downstairs by the house elves, it was time for the speeches.

 

First Sorenson stood up to give a speech, traditionally it would have been Sadie's father giving a speech at this moment in time, but Sorenson was doing so instead.

 

"When I first met Theodore Nott," Sorenson began, and Theo chuckled under his breath, he knew what was coming, "He was an irritating 12-year-old boy who came to our house for my sister's 12th birthday party. He was hyperactive, cocky and an annoying git," Sorenson said which earned him chuckles from the crowd, "In the space of an hour he had scared away our pet Clabbert, wrecked our garden and had accidentally set fire to the tent we were having the party in," this elicited more laughter from the guests. Most of it came from the table where Harry and Neville were sitting.

 

"I swore when he left the house that day, and my mother did too, that there was no way we'd be seeing him again," Sorenson said as he shook his head in amusement, "But Sadie continued to be friends with him, and we put up with it because she seemed happy. There was a condition though; he wasn't allowed back in our house for years after that. I remember the day I began to appreciate that friendship, though. I was at work and received a letter from Theo that said my sister was in trouble; she had been captured during the war. He told me not to worry, that he would get her out but that he felt I ought to know. I didn't believe him, but two days later I got a letter from Sadie saying she was okay, that Theo had gotten her out. From that moment forward I haven't thought of Theodore Nott as the idiotic child wreaking havoc in my back garden. Instead, I think of him as the heroic man who saved my sister's life, and for that reason, he deserves Sadie as his wife more than anyone else ever could."

 

Sadie was a little teary as Sorenson sat down to cheers and clapping, she wrapped her arms around her brother, "Thanks Sorenson," she said softly because it was one of the first signs he had given her to acknowledge that he was happy for her to be with Theo.

 

The next speech was going to be by Draco who looked a little nervous as he got to his feet to give it, "Theo's my best friend, we've known each other since we were little kids," Draco began with a small smile, "I remember when we were growing up, Theo would always swear he would never get married. He thought he was a real little academic, always banging on about how marriage was pointless and how he would never meet anyone who would make the hassle seem worth it. But then we got on the Hogwarts Express together, and we ended up sharing a carriage with these three girls, one of whom was Sadie. I knew from the moment he ditched me to talk to her for the whole journey that he might have found that one person who would make him change all of his views. He didn't realise it straight away; in fact, it took him far longer than it should have done to realise. But during the war Theo finally realised how close he was to losing Sadie and he understood how much she meant to him for the first time," he paused for a breath, Sadie was still crying, and now Theo looked teary too.

 

"Seeing Theo as happy as he is with Sadie, it makes me happy because I know now that he'll be alright. I've always worried about him being alone for the rest of his life because of his old attitude to marriage, but now I know he's got someone who loves him and cares for him and I know that will never change," Draco's voice broke a little, "And that makes me happier than words can describe."

 

There was much cheering as Draco sat down and took a large gulp of wine.

 

"Oh," Harry whispered to Neville at the table in front of the top table, "I think he's finally realising he's letting go of his best friend."

 

Neville sniggered, but Hermione glared at them and muttered, “Would you two idiots shut up? You don’t understand how close they are. It’s not like you two, or even like you and Ron. It’s more than that and today is really hard for him so stop being arseholes!”

 

“Sorry,” Harry mumbled.

 

“Yeah, sorry, Hermione,” Neville said sheepishly.

 

Hermione shook her head, and Lilly hid an amused smile at how scared Neville was of Hermione. They all looked up to the head table to watch Daphne get to her feet. She looked a little bit nervous but not anywhere near as much as Draco had.

 

"Well I never thought we would get to this moment," Daphne admitted with a chuckle, "I've known Sadie since before we started Hogwarts and she was always a fairly quiet person with a hidden, sneaky, mischievous side. When Theo walked into our compartment on the Hogwarts Express that day I knew it was the start of something," Daphne said with a smile, "But she refused to see what everyone else saw for years until eventually during the war she realised that what everyone had been telling her was right, she was totally mad for Theo."

 

Theo smirked at this and Sadie shook her head in amusement.

 

"It took even longer for them to both admit to each other how they felt mind you," Daphne said as she rolled her eyes and got chuckles from the crowd, "But I am so glad that they did. I never thought anyone would be able to tame Theodore Nott, but Sadie has, and I don’t know why that surprised me, to be honest. She's probably the only person he listens to and trusts completely, apart from Draco of course.”

 

Theo smiled over at his best man, and Draco smiled back.

 

"I think Sadie and Theo complement each other perfectly and I've never been happier for Sadie," Daphne finished, she smiled at her best friend as she took her seat to cheers and claps.

 

As everyone calmed down from the speeches, the main course was served, and Harry and Neville spent most of it discussing how amazing the food was which caused much eye-rolling from the girls, especially when Susan joined in.

 

 

"What do you think they will dance to?"

 

"Something wizarding I suppose," Hermione said as she stood with Lilly, they were both drinking from wine glasses as the tables were cleared away to make way for the dance floor.

 

"I haven't heard much wizarding music, you know?” Lilly mused, "Even though I've been a part of this world for so long."

 

"There isn't much difference," Susan told her, "The songs are very similar, but the words are more…magical, I guess."

 

"And our instruments are better," Daphne said with a smirk.

 

Susan laughed and agreed, "Yeah, we enchant them to play, so we don't need a whole band to do it for us."

 

As they talked, the tables had been cleared away and replaced by smaller circular ones surrounding a large square dance-floor.

 

"Do you know what the music for the first dance is?" Hermione asked Daphne, who shook her head.

 

"No, Sadie's kept it very quiet," Daphne admitted, it was clear that she was curious about the song choice, however.

 

At the end of the room, a small band was set up, and it began to play as the girls watched. The musical instruments did play themselves in the background. There was one man who was the main singer and two other men who were the backing singers but other than that there was nobody to play the instruments.

 

Theo took Sadie's hand and led her out to the dance floor as the opening notes of a song began to play. They looked so blissfully happy as they reached the middle of the dance floor. Theo placed his hand on Sadie's shoulder, and Sadie placed hers on his arm then they joined hands with their free hands and began to move effortlessly together to the music.

 

The singers opened their mouths and began to sing the words of the song, and Harry smiled at how fitting the song was for Sadie and Theo.

 

I know we've been friends forever,

But now I think I'm feeling something totally new,

And after all this time,

I’ve opened up my eyes,

Now I see you were always with me.

 

"I remember everything about that day on the Hogwarts Express," Theo whispered to Sadie as they glided around the dance floor together.

 

"Me too," Sadie admitted with a small smile, "I'll never forget any part of it."

 

"Neither will I," Theo promised as he kissed Sadie lightly on the lips.

 

Could it be you and I never imagined?

Could it be suddenly I'm falling for you?

Could it be that you were right there beside me and I never knew

Could it be that it's true that it's you?

 

"When did you realise you wouldn't be a playboy bachelor forever?" Sadie asked Theo with a smile. She felt perfectly content as they danced together.

 

Theo smiled, he recalled the moment as clearly in his head as if it had just happened, "The morning after I saved you from the tower during the war," he admitted, "I sat up all night talking to you, I was just praying that you would wake up and when you did I knew one way or another I'd never be the same again."

 

Sadie's cheeks were slightly pink as she beamed at this.

 

Theo smiled, "So what made you realise?"

 

"The day I saved you," Sadie said, she drew parallels with the moment that Theo had known.

 

"I don't remember it all that well," Theo admitted, he only knew what he had been told already by Sadie.

 

Sadie smiled, "I know you don't remember it, but I kissed you and then levitated you back to our hide-out, and I got pushed out so everyone could work to save your life. I was watching from the side-lines just praying you'd make it so I could tell you how I felt."

 

"Why didn't you?" Theo asked curiously. It was something he had always wondered about.

 

Sadie smiled up at her husband, "Honestly, I never had the guts."

 

It's kinda funny you were always near,

But who would have ever thought that we would end up here?

And every time I've needed you,

You've been there for me,

So now it's clear,

I've been waiting for you

 

Sadie?"

 

"Yeah?"

 

"I'm glad I eventually got the guts to ask you out," Theo admitted with a sheepish smile, "I mean I know it took a good prod from Daphne, but I'm glad I did it."

 

"I'm glad too," Sadie admitted, talk about an understatement

 

Cause today is the start of the rest of our lives,

I can see it in your eyes,

Oh but it's real and it's true and it's just me and you,

Could it be,

That it's true,

That it's you.

 

As the song ended, everyone clapped as Sadie and Theo kissed in the middle of the dance-floor. With the initial first dance over it was time for the other formalities which included the Best Man and Maid of Honour dancing together. Theo and Sadie continued to dance in the middle of the floor, and Draco approached Daphne.

 

"Harry, can I borrow your fiancé for this dance?" Draco asked in amusement.

 

"Ah, I suppose so," Harry said with a smirk, "Since it is tradition after all."

 

Daphne chuckled at Draco's outstretched hand and took it. They walked onto the dance floor together, and effortlessly slipped into the dance position as a different song played in the background.

 

"How about a dance Hermione?" Harry asked as he held out his hand to her. Hermione smiled and took his hand then let him lead her onto the dance floor.

 

“Woah be careful there Harry,” Neville joked with a grin, “You’re dancing with Hermione! There aren’t any tents around, are there?”

 

Harry shook his head in amusement and yelled, “Hit him for me, Lil!”

 

Lilly gladly obliged, and Hermione laughed as others followed suit, and made their way onto the dance-floor.

 

Salvadora danced with Sorenson, and Lotus rather sweetly danced with Lacey while Oscar ran around hyperactively.

 

They all danced together, every so often they changed partners, but they all laughed, let their hair down and refused to let themselves worry about the world for the moment.

 

 

"It's time to cut the cake!" Daphne announced excitedly with their photographer, a certain Dennis Creevey, on her heels.

 

Sadie and Theo pulled themselves off of the dance floor to the spot where a sizeable three-tier cake was standing. Atop it were two moving figures that looked very much like Sadie and Theo, they were waving happily. The cake had pale blue icing to match the theme of the wedding, and everyone gathered around as Sadie held the knife in her hand, and Theo helped her to cut the first slice of cake.

 

Everyone clapped and took photos as Neville said, "I can't wait to try that cake."

 

After they had all eaten cake, it was time for the last planned event of the evening, which was Sadie's dance with her father, or in this case Sorenson. At the same time, Theo was to dance with his mother, or in this case, his step-mother.

 

"Well done Sadie," Sorenson said quietly to his sister as they danced together, "You've already created a better life for yourself than I did."

 

"Don't say that," Sadie said somewhat sadly, "You have Oscar."

 

"I know," Sorenson said with a smile, "And I love him more than anything in the world. But you and Theo did things the way I wanted to. You're married now, and you're going to have a bunch of little monsters and a house. It's how I wanted to do things, but Oscar came along."

 

"It doesn't matter how you get there," Sadie said as she leant up and kissed her brother on the cheek, "You're a fantastic Dad, and Oscar loves you. Anyway, we don't have a house. We're living with Harry after the honeymoon."

 

"I wouldn't be so sure about that," Sorenson said cryptically as the song ended.

 

 

Meanwhile, Salvadora said to Theo, "I'm pleased for you, Theo. I think Sadie's very good for you."

 

"Thank you," Theo said, he was rather proud that he managed to get to this point where everyone in his life was proud of him, and he was grateful that they all liked Sadie.

 

"I must admit there was a stage when I wondered if I would ever attend your wedding," Salvadora said honestly, "And I was anxious about the way you were behaving, but as I have already told you, I am grateful to Sadie for saving you from that life."

 

Theo nodded, his thoughts were far away, "I'm just as grateful to her," he said with a smile.

 

At that point, Lacey rushed over and asked, "Mum, can I dance with Theo now?"

 

Salvadora chuckled, "Of course you can," she said, she kissed her step-son on the cheek and left the dance floor.

 

"Come here, squirt," Theo said fondly as he held his sister’s hands.

 

"I'm not a squirt," Lacey objected as she danced with her older brother.

 

"You are to me," Theo said, "Are you happy that Sadie married me?"

 

Lacey nodded, "I like Sadie, she's nice. I don't know why she married you."

 

"Oi that's not fair," Theo said as his sister stuck out her tongue at him.

 

Theo narrowed his eyes at her, "I'll get you for that," he said as he tickled her, and she shrieked loudly with laughter.

 

Somewhere amongst all of her giggling the song ended, and Sadie walked over to Theo.

 

"Hey," Theo said with a smile as he threw his sister over his shoulder easily, "What's up?"

 

Sadie laughed as Lacey hit Theo on the back and asked her to let him down, "Harry and the others have something to tell us."

 

"That sounds interesting and cryptic," Theo said as he put Lacey down, "Run along you, there's extra cake in the kitchen. I bet Cookie will give you a slice if you ask nicely."

 

Lacey grinned and rushed away in the direction of the kitchen. Theo turned to Sadie and slipped his hand into hers, "What do Harry and his mysterious gang have to tell us?"

 

"I have no idea," Sadie admitted, "They were giving nothing away."

 

"That's because it's a surprise," Harry said with a grin as the bride and groom reached them on the edge of the dance floor.

 

"Wow this isn't just a couple of you," Sadie said as she looked at the group gathered. Harry, Draco and Neville were at the front with Daphne, Hermione, Lilly and Susan all in on it too.

 

"We have a wedding gift for you," Draco said with a smirk.

 

"And I know you said you would open all of your gifts when you got home from your honeymoon," Neville added, "But we have to give you this one now."

 

"Okay…" Theo said with narrowed eyes, "Should we be scared?"

 

"Nah of course not," Harry said happily, "This is your present," he held out a small box to Sadie who took it with a frown.

 

"Go on then, open it," Daphne said with a grin.

 

Sadie carefully removed the lid from the box and was even more confused when she found a set of keys with three silver keys attached to it.

 

"What do they open?" Sadie asked, but Theo was now looking at his friends suspiciously.

 

"The littlest key opens the summerhouse in the garden,” Neville said matter of factly.

 

“The middle key opens the gate to your roof garden,” Draco added.

 

"And the big key unlocks the front door to your newly renovated ten bedroom, six-story house at 11 Grimmauld Place," Harry said casually.

 

Sadie and Theo stared at Harry in shock for a moment. As they tried to comprehend this, Harry added, "It's from all of us, we all contributed."

 

"You're serious?" Theo asked, he was still completely shocked, "We have our own house?"

 

"We're serious," Draco said with a grin.

 

"Wow," Theo said, and Sadie nodded, she was speechless.

 

"Thanks, guys," Theo said entirely seriously as he hugged every single one of his friends and then grabbed his wife and hugged her, "We have a house, Sadie!"

 

"I know!" Sadie said with a grin, the shock began to wear off and the excitement took over, "Thank you so much, all of you, but thank you, Harry, because I know this was your idea."

 

Harry shrugged and blushed slightly as Sadie launched herself at him and kissed him on the cheek while Theo, Draco and Neville roared with laughter.

 

Sadie made Harry dance with her after that, and for the rest of the night, the friends danced and laughed and didn't have a care in the world. It was a wonderful way to live, and Harry loved it.

 

 

As the evening wore on the reception drew to a close which meant that it was time to say goodbye to Sadie and Theo as they left for their honeymoon.

 

"Thanks for everything today Draco," Theo said quietly to his best man, he hugged him and pretended to say goodbye when what he really said was, "Owl me updates of the Quidditch league yeah? Sadie's banned newspapers."

 

Draco chuckled and said, "Sure mate," then added, "Have a good honeymoon."

 

Theo nodded and waited for his wife to finish saying goodbye to Daphne.

 

"Promise you'll look after Swiper for me," Sadie was saying to her best friend, she was referring to her tabby cat.

 

"I promise," Daphne said as she shook her head in amusement, "I have a cat too remember?"

 

"Sorry," Sadie said with a blush, "I just don't leave him alone very often."

 

"Don't worry, he'll have great fun with Lightning" Daphne said, it was a source of great amusement to Draco and Theo that Daphne's cat happened to be called Lightning and Harry happened to have a lightning bolt-shaped scar.

 

"I know, I trust you," Sadie said with a smile as she hugged Daphne.

 

"Have a good time on your honeymoon," Daphne said as she kissed her best friend on the cheek.

 

"I will," Sadie said, she took Theo's hand and let him help her into their vehicle which was a beautiful pale blue carriage that looked like a smaller version of the one that had brought the Beauxbatons students to Hogwarts during the Triwizard Tournament. Two large pure white hippogriffs were at the front to pull it. On the back of the carriage hung a sign that said "Just Married."

 

"Bye!" Sadie and Theo called as the Hippogriffs took off, and the carriage began to rise into the air and move away.

 

Everyone stood in a crowd out in the garden waving to the carriage. When it began to move further away, most people began to apparate home until eventually, only a few people were left watching the carriage become a dot in the sky.

 

Draco and Harry wound up standing alone, with the others standing slightly further away. They were both staring at the dot in the distance.

 

"It's funny, isn't it?" Harry said thoughtfully, "How a war can change absolutely everything."

 

Draco nodded and mused, "Yeah, you just can’t go back to what you had before after a war. Can you?”

 

Harry shook his head. He never thought he would be here today at the wedding of two Slytherins he had barely known before returning to do an eighth year at Hogwarts.

 

"It changes us all," Draco said as the dot vanished behind a cloud.

 

Harry smiled slightly and took his eyes away from the sky to glance over at Daphne, who was smiling and laughing with Hermione. Neville stood nearby with his arm around Lilly, and Percy and Susan were talking in undertones about something.

 

"I'm glad it did," Harry said as he turned his gaze to Draco.

 

"Maybe things didn't turn out the way we expected them to before the war," Draco said with a small smile as he looked over to his fiancé who looked radiant as she grinned and talked to Daphne. They had both let go so much, now that they weren't in the middle of a war they seemed so much freer, "But I think they turned out better."

 

"I think you're right," Harry agreed, maybe he hadn't ended up with Ginny like everyone had wanted and expected him to, but then that wouldn't have been realistic because he had loved Ginny before the war. The war had turned him into a completely different, almost unrecognisable man. Ginny had been his teenage girlfriend; Daphne was his future wife.

 

Draco smiled slightly, he looked once more at the sky rather than at Harry, "We go into a war as naïve children Harry and we emerge as men. I can't see a world in which the war wouldn't have changed us."

 

Harry smiled fondly at his Slytherin friend, "You know something? For a moment there you sounded like Dumbledore."

 

"Shut up Scarhead."

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


 "Hermione, move!"

 

"I'm going to miss the bit with Olivia Newton-John in a skin-tight leather outfit!"

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at her boyfriend. They were all gathered together in the movie theatre room of Longbottom House. It was one thing Potter Manor didn't have, so this was where they spent their Friday nights as of now, "Woah Potter, steady on."

 

Harry smirked at her, "Hey, Muggles have better clothes than us. You have to admit that much."

 

"Definitely sexier," Draco said as he peeked around the side of Hermione at the huge projector screen, "Although I do prefer Jennifer Grey in Dirty Dancing..."

 

Hermione crossed her arms in front of them, "I have to tell you something."

 

"In the middle of our movie night?" Neville asked in amusement, "And just to throw in my two cents, by the way, I'm pretty fond of Carrie Fisher myself."

 

Lilly snorted, "Because of the slave girl outfit?"

 

Neville grinned mischievously, "Maybe."

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, "Honestly, you lot are a nightmare! And it can't wait because if I wait, then I'll have to interrupt in the middle of Fight Club and I'm sure you would be a lot more unhappy about that."

 

"Fair point," Harry said with a nod, "We’re all listening. What's up?"

 

"My parents want to throw a graduation party for me," Hermione said with a roll of her eyes, "It's their way of explaining to my posh Muggle family that I'm not going to university. It's this stupid thing at the house, and it's tomorrow night."

 

"And we all have to go?" Draco guessed.

 

"My mother has invited you all, yes," Hermione said as she surveyed her friends.

 

"Well," Harry said in amusement, "That's fine for Lilly and me since we’re used to dealing with Muggles. How the hell are this lot going to fit in, though?"

 

"Not easily," Susan grinned, "And I can't go by the way, sorry."

 

"Date with Perce?" Ginny guessed as she glanced over at the redhead. Now that school was over, she only had to hide her pregnancy when she was out in public. All of her glamour charms had been removed. She was sitting with her feet up on a footstool; she had one hand resting lazily on her stomach.

 

"Yep," Susan said, "He's taking me to some ministry thing in Austria, could be fun."

 

"He nearly got arrested for punching the Austrian Minister in the face a couple of months ago," Ginny said in amusement, "Keep him away from the vodka."

 

"I didn't know Percy drank vodka," Susan laughed.

 

"Well after that last incident in Austria, he probably doesn't," Harry snorted in amusement.

 

Hermione shook her head in amusement, "What about the rest of you?"

 

"I'll go, and I'll drag Daph along with me," Harry said as he smiled at his best friend.

 

"And I'm kind of obliged to go since I'm your fiancé," Draco said grudgingly.

 

"Yes, you are," Hermione agreed as her eyes landed on Neville and Lilly.

 

"I'm happy to come along," Lilly said simply, "Not sure how well Nev will cope though. He'll probably try and talk to Muggles about Quidditch or something."

 

"I've seen enough Muggle movies to make conversation with them," Neville pointed out, "I can talk about transvestites and singing plants...and sinking ships, like the Titanic."

 

Hermione couldn't help herself, she laughed out loud, "Neville if you talk to my family like that they will probably think you're insane...or gay."

 

"Or both," Harry laughed.

 

"We need to train you guys up," Lilly laughed, "Tomorrow morning."

 

"Train us how to do what, talk to Muggles?" Draco asked in disbelief.

 

"Yes, exactly," Hermione said in amusement, "You'll need a cover story. They'll ask what you guys are going to do now that school is over. You can't tell them you're going to be Aurors and Curse Breakers. They really will think you're insane."

 

"Fine," Daphne said with a wave of her hand, "Muggle Conversation 101 it is, but tomorrow morning."

 

"Not now," Harry agreed, "We're going to miss the finale!"

 

"And the flying car!"

 

“I miss Arthur’s flying car,” Harry mused, “I wonder if it’s still roaming free in the forbidden forest…”

 

 

Ginny had been pondering Zara Zabini’s words for a couple of weeks when she spoke to her brothers about it one evening. Bill and Charlie had come over to help their Dad with something in the garage, and as per usual, their mum had convinced him to stay for dinner and a coffee.

 

"Bill?"

 

Bill looked up from his coffee, "Yeah?"

 

"Did you go to school with Belinda Zabini?" Ginny asked him curiously.

 

Bill nodded, "Yeah, Belle was in my year. We were in the same house. Why?"

 

"I met her at Blaise's the other day," Ginny replied, "She was nice. But she said something about you."

 

"Oh good Godric," Bill muttered, "What did she say?"

 

Ginny raised an eyebrow at him, "She re-iterated that Zabinis don't really 'do' conventional relationships and said that she had been very good friends with you and Charlie."

 

Bill grimaced, "That's a surprisingly accurate description."

 

"Bill!" Ginny exclaimed, "You and Charlie and her? Together?"

 

Bill shot his younger brother an amused look and waved him over. Charlie sauntered over and asked, "What's up?"

 

"Would you care to tell our sister about the nature of our relationship with Belle Zabini?" Bill asked, "Because I'm fucking it up immensely."

 

"Belle Zabini," Charlie whistled, "Now that takes me back. When was that Bill? You were in Egypt, weren't you?"

 

"Yep," Bill replied, "I'd just broken up with Lara, you were about to go into seventh year."

 

"And Belle was working in the DMLE, that's how she ended up out in Egypt," Charlie remembered, "While I was visiting you over there."

 

Ginny raised an eyebrow, "Okay?"

 

"Let's just say it was a fun two weeks," Charlie said, "Belle Zabini...what's she up to these days?"

 

"She's a judge in the DMLE," Ginny replied, "But what do the Zabini's mean when they say that they don't do conventional relationships?"

 

"Well," Charlie snorted, "Sleeping with two brothers is hardly conventional. Is it?"

 

"Neither is sleeping with your brother," Bill said, he wrinkled his nose up, "Remember Beau? he was a couple of years above me in school?"

 

"Yeah and Blake was a year older than him," Charlie said, "Those two were shagging each other. They used to tell everyone they were only half-brothers but still..."

 

"They're dead now though," Bill said with a sigh, "I heard that Blake joined up with Voldemort the minute he could, and he dragged Beau along with him. I'm sure he was under the imperius curse when he died."

 

"That sounds familiar," Ginny admitted, "I'm sure I heard something like that on Potterwatch, but Blaise doesn't really talk about them."

 

Shortly after that, her brothers left, and Ginny decided to brave her mother. She sat down at the kitchen table while Molly was washing up and said, “Mum, could we talk?”

 

Molly sat down at the table and smiled weakly at her daughter, “Of course we can, Ginny.”

 

Ginny bit her lip and said, “I am…seriously considering marrying Blaise.”

 

“Why are you thinking about marrying him?” Molly asked calmly.

 

Ginny answered, “Part of me thinks that it’s the right thing to do, rather than having a baby born out of wedlock. I don’t want it to get bullied when it goes to school or anything, you know?”

 

Molly nodded.

 

“But another part of me worries that I would be doing it for the wrong reasons,” Ginny admitted.

 

“Well, I can only agree that having a child in wedlock is better, for all concerned,” Molly said, “I remember being in your position and having to make the same choice. The difference was, of course, I loved your father.”

 

“I do love Blaise,” Ginny objected, “I love him, I just don’t know if I could categorically say that he’s the love of my life that I want to marry.”

 

“Well perhaps you should have thought of that before you got pregnant, Ginny,” Molly said with an exasperated sigh.

 

Ginny rose to her feet, “Do you know what? You have been nothing but judgemental about all of this! But what do you have to say for Ron, huh? He fucked a girl and got her pregnant when he had a girlfriend! But no, Ron is being noble, he’s doing the right thing, he’s got a good job, he’s giving Katie money, so it’s all okay? Well, I have a boyfriend, Mum! A boyfriend who is willing to marry me and give this baby and me a comfortable fucking life! But you don’t care because you don’t like him, whether that’s because he’s a pureblood or because he’s black-”

 

“It’s because he’s a Zabini,” Molly snapped, “And everyone knows that they are not a normal family, Ginny.”

 

“Since when did we become the snobs, Mum?” Ginny asked angrily, “Since when did we start looking down on everyone? My whole life, everyone looked down on us for being blood traitors, or for being poor. People judged you for how many children you had, they questioned why you would keep having them when you couldn’t give them a good quality of life, and you hated that!”

 

She shook her head and began to pace the kitchen in her fury, “But now the war is over and your actual son, Ron, he’s a war hero with fangirls queuing at the door so what does it matter if he knocked one up, right? And your adopted kids, Harry and Hermione, saved the wizarding world. What does it matter that they were shagging each other all the way through it when Harry and I were supposed to be waiting for each other? You wanted to know the real reason I didn’t marry Harry? Well, that’s it!”

 

“Ginevra-”

 

“No! Ginny snapped, “I’m done listening to this! You’ve welcomed Draco Malfoy into this family, without a care in the world for what he did in the war and the fact he was a Death Eater. But you don’t want me to marry Blaise because the Zabini’s have a questionable idea of family? Well, do you know what? Zara Zabini has got it right because she doesn’t give a shit if her children are gay or straight, if they are married or if they sleep around. All she wants is for them to be provided for and happy. That’s all a mother should want, but all you have ever done is judged! When you thought Charlie was gay, you were outraged, and god forbid your reaction if Fred and George had told you that they both wanted to date the same girl, right? The Zabini’s are a normal family; they are just far more liberal than this one will ever be!”

 

And with that, Ginny stalked out of the kitchen, slamming the door behind her.

 

 

When Ginny got to High Top House, an elf let her in, and she was met almost immediately by Blanche.

 

“Are you okay?”

 

Ginny sighed and shook her head, “No, I just lost my temper at my mother and stormed out.”

 

Blanche rolled her eyes, “Come on. You’re like five months pregnant. You can’t do shit like that, or you could lose the baby.”

 

Ginny yanked her arm away, “How do you know so much about it?”

 

“My best friend got pregnant in her seventh year at Hogwarts and gave birth in a bathroom prematurely because she was terrified to tell her parents,” Blanche shot back, “I know a thing or two about pregnancy.”

 

“Right,” Ginny said, “Sorry.”

 

“It’s fine,” Blanche said, she led Ginny upstairs and yanked open a door which led into a large, airy bedroom, “Come on.”

 

Ginny stepped inside and looked around. It was evident from the pictures all over the place that this was Blanche’s bedroom. The majority of the photographs featured the same girl; she had dark blonde hair and big brown eyes.

                                                                

“Is that your best friend?” Ginny asked.

 

“Yep,” Blanche replied, “Lie down.”

 

Ginny did so, “What happened to her baby?”

 

“It was adopted,” Blanche replied, “Her parents never did find out. Severus and the Headmaster kept very quiet about it.”

 

“Why was she so afraid to tell them?” Ginny asked as Blanche cast her wand over her, “And I can do a diagnostic charm myself, you know? I was a healer during the war.”

 

“I’m a qualified one,” Blanche said, shooting Ginny a smile, “It’s what I trained in after school, but I want to be an Auror, so I’m pursuing my own path, regardless of what my mother thinks. And as for my friend, she was afraid to tell them because her father is a political man, a baby born out of wedlock would have destroyed his career.”

 

“Couldn’t she just have married the guy?” Ginny mused.

 

Blanche shook her head, “No way on this green earth I’d have let that happen. She didn’t get pregnant by choice. She was raped.”

 

Ginny’s eyes widened, “Oh my god, that’s horrible. Is she…is she okay now?”

 

Blanche’s eyes darkened, “No, she’s gone.”

 

From the way Blanche had said ‘gone’, Ginny assumed that meant that she hadn’t just left the country, but she didn’t want to ask.

 

“Mother thinks that’s when I spiralled out of control,” Blanche said with a roll of her eyes, “But finding your best friends body will do that to you.”

 

Ginny shook her head, “I’m so sorry, Blanche, that’s awful. I mean I know it’s not comparable but I…I changed after the war. I spent a year fixing up injured kids and trying to keep Neville sane while he led this rebellion then my brother-”

 

“I know,” Blanche said, she gripped Ginny’s shoulder, “You don’t have to talk about that. I liked Fred a lot. I can only imagine how hard it must have been for you.”

 

Ginny sighed and shut her eyes, trying to block out memories from the battle.

 

“Have you been struggling with nightmares more since you fell pregnant?” Blanche asked curiously.

 

Ginny opened her eyes, “Yeah, I have them all of the time, and they are so-”

 

“Vivid?” Blanche finished.

 

Ginny nodded.

 

“I can give you a pregnancy-safe sleeping draught for that,” She said. Her wand buzzed, and she smiled, “And you are all good. The babies heartbeat is a tad fast, but it’s probably just thinking, what the fuck Mum? After your fight with your mum.”

 

Ginny laughed at that.

 

“Was it about the baby?” Blanche asked.

 

“It was about Blaise,” Ginny said, “I told her that I was seriously thinking of marrying him.”

 

“You should, you know?” Blanche said, she sat down on the edge of the bed and Ginny pushed herself up into a sitting position, “Of all my brothers, I like Blaise the most. Maybe it’s because we’re closest in ages, I don’t know. But he’s nice, and not fake nice, but just so kind.”

 

Ginny nodded, “Yeah, he is,” she agreed.

 

“And he adores you,” Blanche said with a smile, “That much is clear. Whether your relationship stayed sexual forever or became more of a partnership, he would understand.”

 

“Isn't that a farce, though?” Ginny asked, looking over at her, “Like living a lie?”

 

“Is it a farce?” Blanche said with a smile, “Or is it just making the best of the situation that you find yourself in? Purebloods, we marry for status or money all of the time. Marrying someone you love to give your kid a good life is one of the better reasons to marry.”

 

Ginny pondered on that for a moment, and Blanche said, “And I’m sorry for what I said to you the other day, you know? I was out of line. I can’t judge you for sleeping with a few guys when I slept my way through all the gay and bisexual girls in my year, and even some of the straight ones,” she joked.

 

Ginny smiled weakly, “Did you always know? That you liked girls, I mean?”

 

“Yeah,” Blanche said honestly, “I slept with a guy one time, wasn’t much to shout about really.”

 

“Please tell me it wasn’t one of my brothers,” Ginny grimaced.

 

“No, Belinda had a thing for the Weasley boys, not me,” Blanche chuckled.

 

“Yeah, so I heard,” Ginny said with a shake of her head.

 

“If you want to look your brothers in the eye again, never ask her about the summer she spent in Egypt,” Blanche advised.

 

“Ugh, I think I’m gonna be sick,” Ginny said in disgust.

 

Blanche chuckled, “But come to think of it, my one shitty experience with a guy…it was with your brothers best friend.”

 

Ginny frowned, “Lee Jordan?”

 

“For all my sins,” Blanche said with a roll of her eyes, “A Gryffindor in the Quidditch changing rooms. What a tacky way to lose your virginity, right?”

 

Ginny snorted, “I can beat it. Michael Corner in a broom cupboard on the fifth floor. It lasted for less than ten minutes.”

 

Blanche laughed, “That is definitely worse. Are you feeling up to movement?”

 

“Yeah, I’m fine,” Ginny replied as she pushed herself to her feet.

 

“Good,” Blanche chirped, “Let’s go and find my mother so you can tell her that you accept Blaise’s marriage proposal.”

 

“Shouldn’t I tell Blaise first?” Ginny frowned.

 

“No, Mother is the one arranging it all. Blaise will just shrug and say okay, you have met him, haven’t you?”

 

Ginny laughed and let Blanche hook her arm through hers as they left the bedroom together.

 

 

"Alright. Are you three ready?"

 

"This is ridiculous," Draco remarked from where he was leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest.

 

"No, it's essential," Hermione corrected him, "Because if any of you say something stupid in front of a room full of Muggles, you are breaking the Statute of Secrecy."

 

"And therefore the law," Harry said matter of factly.

 

"So you're judging us on our ability to be Muggles?" Daphne asked in amusement.

 

"Precisely babe," Harry said with a smirk, "For your own good."

 

"And our amusement," Lilly said with a wink in Neville's direction.

 

"You're first Draco," Hermione said with a slightly wicked smile, "So when they ask you what your job is, what do you say?"

 

Draco rolled his eyes and drawled, "I work for the government."

 

Lilly, who was a dreadful actress, put on a ridiculous posh person voice (she was from the East End of London), "Oh, what department of the government?"

 

"The Ministry of Defence," Draco replied, his lips quirked up in amusement.

 

"And what does that entail?" Harry asked with a grin.

 

"I'm afraid I can't answer that," Draco said very matter of factly, "It's classified."

 

"Are you like James Bond or something?" Hermione asked through her laughter.

 

Draco frowned, "Uh, what is James Bond?"

 

"See! All Muggles know who James Bond is!" Lilly exclaimed.

 

"Even I've seen some James Bond films, Draco," Neville said in amusement, "He's a British spy. Like the Muggle equivalent of a Hit Wizard, I guess."

 

"Right," Draco said, "And how do I answer that question, Hermione?"

 

"You laugh and say, oh no, its very boring," Hermione said with a wave of her hand, "Or something like that anyway."

 

"Now, Draco. What do you say if you are asked where you went to school?" Harry asked the blond boy.

 

"I went to a private school in Scotland," Draco replied.

 

"Oh, is that where you met Hermione?" Harry asked.

 

"Uh, yes it is," Draco guessed.

 

"Hermione's cover story is an all-girls private school, Draco," Lilly said with an amused grin.

 

"Well, how was I to know that?" Draco exclaimed, "I know as much as possible about the real Hermione, not the fake Hermione!"

 

Hermione laughed, "I know Draco, that's why we are doing this. Tell them that you went to a nearby all-boys school."

 

"How did we meet then?" Draco asked with a frown.

 

"I punched you in the face on a night out," Hermione said thoughtfully, "You thought it was pretty hot, so you started following me around. We went to a party together the following year, but we didn't get together until our last year of school."

 

"Alright," Draco frowned, "What if they ask how I proposed?"

 

"Say that our schools are a partnership," Lilly piped up, "So they have a joint prom. Then tell them the truth that you proposed at prom."

 

"Okay...is there anything else I should know? Or anything else I shouldn't say?" Draco asked in exasperation.

 

"What do you do in your spare time?" Hermione asked, "What would you say to that?"

 

"I play sports," Draco replied.

 

"Oh, like football?"

 

"No way, I hate football," Draco said distastefully, it was the only Muggle sport he did know anything about.

 

"Ah, cricket then?"

 

"How the fuck can you play a small irritating bug?" Draco asked loudly.

 

Harry burst out laughing, "It's the name of a sport Draco. Don't you know anything about cricket?"

 

"No," Draco said in disbelief, "Can't you just quickly explain the rules?"

 

Hermione snorted, "There is no way to explain the rules of cricket quickly. But if there's a lull in conversation tonight, by all means, ask someone to do that, it will keep you occupied all night."

 

"So I don't play cricket then?" Draco asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

"No, you would never be able to carry off that lie," Harry grinned, "We need to give you an easy sport to talk about...something like golf."

 

"Golf?" Draco asked with a frown.

 

"It's a sport," Lilly explained, "A very boring one. You hold a golf club, and you hit a ball into 18 little holes in the ground. Sometimes the hole is farther away. Sometimes there is sand or water for the ball to get stuck in. But ultimately all you do is hit it into a hole."

 

"Like Quidditch but with only a quaffle and on the ground with a smaller hole," Draco said with a nod, "Easy. I can do that."

 

"Perfect," Hermione said in amusement, "You pass the test. You are officially allowed to speak to Muggles. Daph, you're next."

 

Daphne stepped forward and raised an eyebrow at her friends, "Go for it then."

 

"What do you say if you are asked what you do for a living?" Lilly asked her friend.

 

"I work in a bank," Daphne replied matter of factly.

 

"Oh, what do you do there?" Hermione asked.

 

"I'm a Curse Breaker."

 

Harry let his head fall onto the table with a thump as he laughed loudly, "You can't say that! If you tell a Muggle you're a Curse Breaker they'll think you're Indiana bloody Jones! Curse Breakers don't work in banks in the Muggle world, Daph!"

 

"What do they do then?" Daphne asked irritably.

 

"Well, they don't have to go into dangerous dark magic vaults after a family has died out and examine their possessions for curses. They also don't get contracted by the bank to go into old wizarding households and break curses or wards," Hermione said in amusement.

 

"Generally they are explorers or archaeologists in the Muggle world," Lilly laughed, "Exactly like Indiana Jones."

 

"So what do I say that I do then?" Daphne asked as she crossed her arms.

 

"Just say that you're a secretary in a bank," Harry said with a wave of his hand.

 

"A secretary?" Daphne asked dryly, "I have been accepted into one of the most elite programmes in the UK! Under the instruction of Bill bloody Weasley himself! I mean he's only the most amazing curse breaker this country has ever seen! I am not a secretary!"

 

"What else can we say she does that's a bit more inventive?" Harry muttered.

 

"We'll have to think of something to keep her quiet," Hermione murmured back.

 

"I can hear you guys, you know!" Daphne snapped, but she didn't look too angry as she raised an eyebrow at her friends.

 

"Alright then Daphne," Lilly said in amusement, "You don't work in a bank. You're an explorer and an archaeologist. You travel the world looking for old artefacts, alright?"

 

"Alright," Daphne agreed, "I travel the world looking for old artefacts, and then I break curses on them-"

 

"- No!" Harry interjected as he laughed uncontrollably, "You don't mention the curse-breaking thing, ever! Most Muggles think that's nonsense!"

 

"Well, you never mentioned that before!" Daphne exclaimed as even Draco and Neville cracked up on either side of her.

 

"We're telling you now," Hermione chuckled, "Don't mention the curses. Talk about countries where you get curses like Egypt and Peru. But don't mention the curses."

 

"Alright, I get it!" Daphne said with a roll of her eyes, "What else do I need to know?"

 

"Where and how did you and Hermione meet?" Lilly asked calmly.

 

"Uh we went to the same school," Daphne replied, "But we weren't in the same house, so we didn't share a dorm. We met in Ancient Runes - shit, no I mean uh foreign language - class."

 

"And how did you meet Harry?" Hermione asked, "Because you didn't go to the same school, remember?"

 

"I know, I know," Daphne said offhandedly, "Draco is my friend because I met him through you when you started dating him. And Harry is Draco's best friend, so when you guys started dating I met Harry, and we fell in love, blah blah blah."

 

Lilly grinned, "Perfect. So what do you do in your spare time?"

 

"I read," Daphne replied.

 

"Oh, what authors do you like?" Hermione asked. She knew that Daphne really could answer this one easily.

 

"I like the classic stuff mostly. Horror, romance, mystery. The Bronte sisters, Edgar Allan Poe, Jane Austin, Jules Verne, oh and Tolkien obviously."

 

"Great," Harry chuckled, "You'll do just fine. Just talk about Muggle literature and-"

 

"- Don't mention curse breaking, I get it," Daphne said with a roll of her eyes, but a smile was playing on her lips.

 

"Right," Lilly laughed, "Last but certainly not least! Will Neville Longbottom take to the stage?"

 

Neville chuckled as he stepped into the middle of the dancefloor and surveyed the three people sitting behind the desk, "Ask away, my lady."

 

Lilly chuckled at that, "So Neville. What do you do for a living?"

 

"I work in the government," Neville said matter of factly.

 

"Ah, which department?" Harry asked.

 

"The Ministry of Defence," Neville replied.

 

"Okay, what do you do there?" Hermione asked in her best posh voice. She had kind of lost her accent since starting Hogwarts.

 

"Can't say," Neville said with a grin, "It's classified."

 

"Oh wow so you're like a spy?" Lilly asked in a false fan girl voice.

 

"It's all a bit James Bond at times, yeah," Neville replied smoothly.

 

"You can't say that," Lilly laughed, "You can't go around pretending to be James Bond!"

 

"But James Bond is cool!" Neville exclaimed.

 

"That doesn't mean you can say you're a spy just for the sake of it," Hermione said as Harry laughed uncontrollably once more, "You have to say the same thing as Draco. Say it's all boring paperwork mostly."

 

"Fine," Neville said, "What else do I need to answer?"

 

"Where did you go to school?" Hermione asked.

 

"A private school in Scotland with Draco and Harry," Neville replied.

 

"And how did you meet Hermione then?" Lilly asked.

 

"Oh, we've been friends for years since we were eleven," Neville said.

 

Hermione looked at her friend fondly, "Neville, you can't say that. If we went to separate schools, we wouldn't have become friends that quickly."

 

"Right," Neville said sheepishly, "That's a good point. What do I say?"

 

"Say you met me through Draco when we started dating," Hermione laughed.

 

"Next question. How did you meet me?" Lilly asked with a smirk.

 

"Uh," Neville floundered, "We met because you were friends with Hermione, and she started dating Draco?"

 

"That will do," Harry said with a smirk, "What do you do in your spare time, Neville?"

 

"Well, I love Herbology," Neville said brightly.

 

Lilly let her head drop onto the table in exasperation, "You can't say that! They'll think you're mental, tell them that you like gardening."

 

"And that you have an allotment," Hermione added through her chuckles.

 

"What the hell is an allotment?" Neville asked in disbelief.

 

"Right," Lilly said with a grin, "People with houses that don't have gardens sometimes get given bits of land by the local government. They can plant fruit and vegetables there, or just plants in general. It's like a greenhouse, but its outside and the plants don't try and eat you."

 

"And if people ask you what kind of things you plant there don't tell them anything wizarding," Harry added, "Say that Audrey, your creepy venomous tentacula thing, is a Venus Fly Trap."

 

"A what?" Neville asked bluntly.

 

"A Venus Fly Trap," Hermione said with a smile, "It's a plant that eats flies, it has a mouth, but it can't hurt humans."

 

"Unlike a venomous tentacula," Lilly said in amusement.

 

"As Theo would know," Draco chuckled. Theo was still on his two-week honeymoon with Sadie at the moment, which was probably a good thing. He would certainly have broken the Statute of Secrecy if he had been allowed to attend the party.

 

"Is there anything else?" Neville asked in amusement.

 

"Nope, you pass the test, just," Lilly grinned.

 

"There is one more thing," Harry said, "And I'm directing this at Draco and Neville more than you Daphne. We'll take the motorbikes, but we can't fly."

 

"How far is Oxford from here by road then?" Daphne asked curiously.

 

"About an hour," Hermione replied.

 

"On motorways and country roads," Harry added, "And I've forged driving licences for you both. Terribly illegal but there we have it. I just need to give you a lesson on how to drive now."

 

"I know how to drive the bike," Draco scoffed.

 

"So do I," Neville said with offence, "I've driven it on the road before!"

 

"Yeah and you didn't have a grasp on anything about the roads," Lilly said in disbelief, "Like the speed limit, or one way systems!"

 

"Or box junctions," Hermione added, "Which to be fair, most competent drivers can't bloody work out either."

 

"You also don't seem capable of filling the bike with petrol," Lilly said with a raised eyebrow, "And also, you drive on one side of the road, not into oncoming traffic."

 

"The girls are right, so before we go I'm going to give you both a lesson on the theory of driving on Muggles roads," Harry said with an amused smirk.

 

"Wonderful," Draco remarked dryly.

 

 

"John! What on earth is that noise?"

 

John frowned up at Elizabeth as she stood in front of the window. There was a loud roaring from outside, like the rev of an engine, "It sounds like a car or a motorbike love."

 

"A motorbike" Elizabeth frowned, "That can't be Hermione surely. She would never get on something as dangerous as a motorbike."

 

The room was full of Hermione's aunts, uncles and cousins along with all of their children. They were going to surprise Hermione when she and her friends arrived at the house. Outside, a black and green bike pulled into the driveway and parked. John and Elizabeth stood by the window curiously as the rider pulled off their helmet and shook back their shoulder-length blond hair.

 

They both gasped when they realised who the rider was and their shock turned to horror when he helped a woman off of the bike. She pulled her helmet off and shook out her long, curly mane of hair. That was the final straw for John and Elizabeth; they abandoned their surprise plan and swiftly made their way out into the front garden.

 

"Hermione!" Elizabeth exclaimed, "I thought you had more common sense than to get on a death trap like that!"

 

"And had I known you had a motorbike I would not have given you my blessing so easily, Draco!" John snapped in agreement.

 

"It's fine," Hermione said as she tried not to roll her eyes, "Draco's a good driver."

 

"I don't care how good a driver he is, Hermione!" John remarked, "Do you know how dangerous motorbikes are?"

 

Hermione opened her mouth to reply when the loud rev of another engine filled the street. She had to hide her smirk as her family moved to the window and the door to see what the fuss was about. A black motorbike pulled into the drive and parked next to Draco's. John and Elizabeth were looking relatively faint as Harry and Daphne got off the bike and shook their hair out as they did so.

 

"Harry!" Elizabeth said in disbelief, "I would have thought you of all people would have more sense than to ride something as dangerous as a motorbike!"

 

"Sorry Mrs Granger," Harry said sheepishly, "I like the adrenaline rush."

 

"But we drove to the speed limit, Mrs Granger," Daphne assured the woman, "That's actually why we're late. Draco wouldn't go above 50 miles an hour on the motorway."

 

Elizabeth's eyes flashed angrily, and she opened her mouth to voice her opinion when a third loud rev distracted her.

 

Neville's red and black bike pulled into the drive, and he parked up on the other side of Draco's bike.

 

"Oh for the love of Jesus!" Elizabeth exclaimed under her breath.

 

This time Neville jumped off of the bike after he had shut the engine off and he helped his minuscule girlfriend jump down. They took their helmets off, and at this point, John was looking slightly amused, but Elizabeth looked like she was going to blow her top at any moment.

 

"Neville! Honestly, Hermione told me that she had responsible friends!" Elizabeth breathed.

 

"Sorry Mrs Granger," Neville said somewhat sheepishly as he put his arm around Lilly, "By the way, this is my girlfriend Lilly, I don't think you've met."

 

"We haven't," Elizabeth said, "But it's lovely to meet you, Lilly."

 

"You too, Mrs Granger," Lilly said with a slight smile.

 

Elizabeth's cheeks were fairly red as she turned her eyes toward her daughter, "You and I will be talking about this later, Hermione," she said in an undertone.

 

"Understood," Hermione muttered under her breath, "Can we go inside and join my surprise party now?"

 

John chuckled at his daughter’s sassiness, but Elizabeth looked affronted by it. She didn't get in trouble though because John walked over to her and hugged her, "Of course we can. Come on in sweetheart."

 

They all walked into the living room, and Hermione's family shouted a belated and out of sync, "Surprise!"

 

Hermione laughed and waved to them all as she kicked her shoes off in the hallway. As her friends all stood around her, she whispered, "Draco, please tell me you are wearing a long-sleeved shirt."

 

Draco frowned, "No, I'm wearing a short-sleeved shirt. Why?"

 

"Don't take your jacket off," Hermione muttered, "You know why."

 

"They'll ask me to take it off," Draco whispered, "I'd be rude not to."

 

"Just say you don't want to" Hermione snapped, "Say you're cold."

 

"Alright," Draco said quickly as he kicked off his shoes while everybody else hung up their coats.

 

"Won't you take your coat off, Draco?" Elizabeth asked politely as the others made their way into the living room.

 

"Uh, I'd rather not," Draco replied.

 

"And why is that?" She asked curiously.

 

"Well, I'm a little cold," Draco lied.

 

"In July?" Elizabeth asked with a chuckle, "Heavens, don't be silly. Do take your coat off."

 

"I... uh…like I said. I'd rather not," Draco said as he swallowed.

 

"I'm starting to think that you have something to hide, Draco," Elizabeth said as she narrowed her eyes at the wizard.

 

"No," Draco lied, "I just...like my coat."

 

"That is a terrible excuse," Elizabeth said, and for a reasonably short woman, she managed to be very intimidating, "So please take your coat off Draco."

 

Draco grimaced as he slipped his coat off, and Elizabeth's eyes immediately went to his forearms. Her face paled, "What is that?"

 

"It's a tattoo," Draco said weakly as he looked at the image on his left forearm, "Of a dragon."

 

"A dragon?" Elizabeth half shrieked.

 

"Because my name means dragon," Draco continued.

 

"Motorbikes and tattoos!" Elizabeth said as she turned her gaze to her daughter, "We will certainly be talking about this later young lady!"

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, "What's the big deal about tattoos Mum? Everybody has them!"

 

"Do you have them?" Elizabeth asked hotly.

 

"No, but my friends all do," Hermione said offhandedly.

 

"Do you have a tattoo, Harry?" Elizabeth asked sharply.

 

"Uh, no," Harry lied, badly.

 

"Where is it?" Elizabeth asked simply.

 

Harry bit his lip, Hermione's Mother was scary, he could see where she got it from, "It's on my arm...in the same place as Draco's."

 

"And is it also a dragon?"

 

"No, it's a Phoenix..." Harry said sheepishly.

 

"And you Neville?" Elizabeth asked as she spun around to look at the boy.

 

Neville looked quite terrified as he replied, "Uh, yes. Harry, Draco and I got them at the same time in the same place...mine is of a lion."

 

"A lion," Elizabeth tutted, "I don't suppose you respectable ladies have tattoos?"

 

"I have a lightning bolt on my wrist," Daphne admitted as she showed Elizabeth the underside of her wrist, "Because my cat is called lightning..."

 

Harry shot her an amused smirk. He knew her lightning bolt tattoo had a double meaning.

 

"I hate to disappoint you, Mrs Granger," Lilly said sheepishly, "But I have a raven tattoo on my foot..."

 

Elizabeth sighed, "Well if you all have them and you all did so well in school I suppose I cannot argue with you. But you and I will still be having words later, Hermione."

 

"Yes, Mother," Hermione muttered.

 

"Don't you mutter at me young lady," Elizabeth said quietly as she slipped past them to the kitchen to grab drinks.

 

 

"I can't believe you managed to get away with that!" Lilly grinned.

 

"What do you mean?" Neville asked cluelessly as they sat in the little bar area of Potter Manor later that night.

 

"You told one of Hermione's cousins that Nessie was a Kelpie and then managed to convince her, a veterinary student, that a Kelpie was a variation of the Kraken and that it was a mythological beast," Lilly exclaimed.

 

"Well, I realised my mistake when I said Kelpie," Neville said sheepishly, "I just had to try and find a way to fix it."

 

"She did look at you like you were mad for the rest of the night," Harry laughed.

 

"Well, she didn't think you were that mad," Daphne said with a chuckle, "Hermione's Uncle wanted to send me off to the loony bin."

 

"You did tell him that your biggest goal was to break the curse on the long lost tomb of the ancient sorcerer Amun-Ra," Hermione pointed out.

 

"I know," Daphne cringed, "But I didn't realise it would sound that crazy. I thought Muggles believed in exploring tombs and things."

 

"Yeah but we told you not to mention curses," Harry said through his chuckles.

 

"And what did you go and do? Mention a curse!" Lilly laughed loudly.

 

Draco grinned, "So what you are saying is that I was the only pureblood who didn't fuck up tonight."

 

Hermione grinned, "I don't know if I would go that far. You did get cricket and golf mixed up..."

 

"How was I supposed to know the difference between a golf club and a bat?" Draco asked defensively.

 

"Or a wicket and a hole for that matter," Harry laughed, "Which are very different by the way."

 

Draco rolled his eyes, "Hey, I think I did alright compared to Neville."

 

"Yeah, you were pretty dreadful," Lilly said as she glanced at her boyfriend.

 

"I don't have to deal with Muggles normally," Neville shrugged, "So I tried to go off of what I knew from films..."

 

"Yeah, I got that impression when you were talking to my aunt who lived in the Pacific, and you asked her if she had ever been to that island where the dinosaurs were reborn," Hermione laughed, "She looked at you like you were either an idiot or a crazy person."

 

"Thank god he didn't talk to your Irish cousin about the Titanic," Harry said through his laughter.

 

"Yeah Neville, Kate Winslet wasn't on board the Titanic," Lilly grinned, "And neither was Leonardo DiCaprio."

 

"You mean Jack, right?" Neville asked curiously.

 

"Yeah the actor who plays him is called Leonardo Di - you know what, never mind," Lilly said as she laughed at the blank look on Neville's face.

 

"Muggles are quite difficult," Neville yawned, "I'm exhausted after today."

 

"You're going to have to get used to it," Lilly pointed out in amusement, "I know my mum and dads know about you being a wizard and all. But at some stage you'll have to meet my muggle family, you know my aunts, uncles and cousins? And they won't know."

 

"Well I'll jump over that hurdle when I get to it," Neville said with a slight smile at his girlfriend, "But in the meantime, I guess I'll just watch more Muggle films."

 

"Contrary to wizarding belief they aren't actually an accurate representation of muggle culture," Lilly laughed, "Ask Theo that and he'll tell you that they only watch films in every Muggle Studies class because the teachers are generally washed-up hippies."

 

"Well at least Theo paid enough attention to work out that much in Muggle Studies," Harry said, and the others laughed at the comment. They were missing Sadie and Theo a little, but their group was so large that even with the absence of two members, it could hold up just fine.

 

Harry, Draco and Neville suspected that Theo wouldn't be happy when he got back and found out that his friends had gotten tattoos without him, and he would probably jump on the bandwagon and get one too. He still had one week of his honeymoon to go, and when he returned, the four of them would all be leaving their other halves for a weekend. They would be spending it on the Auror training base to be a part of the selection process. They had been training hard, jogging, eating better than usual and working out.

 

They knew it was going to be intense, and they all wanted to make sure that they did their best to get accepted. Those going into Auror training started earlier than everyone else whose courses began around the start of August on the whole. It meant that they were spending all of their free time lounging around watching movies (or in Neville and Lilly's case building a greenhouse) while Sadie and Theo were honeymooning in Paris.

 

As the evening wore on, Daphne found herself alone with Draco, “Do you think he drinks too much since we got home?”

 

Draco frowned, “Who? Harry?”

 

Daphne nodded and cast her eyes over Harry. He was standing at the bar with Neville, laughing and knocking back a firewhiskey.

 

“No, he’s just enjoying himself. What’s wrong with that?” Draco asked.

 

Daphne sighed, “I don’t know, maybe I’m just seeing things that aren’t there because my father was alcohol dependant when he was going through his gambling addiction, but…it’s every night since we left school, Draco. He’s either drinking with you, Nev or Theo or he has a glass of firewhiskey before bed.”

 

“It probably helps him sleep, that’s kind of to be expected,” Draco shrugged.

 

“He didn’t need it to sleep when we were at school,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“Come on Daph,” Draco laughed, “You’re not seriously thinking he’s an alcoholic, are you? He’s Harry Potter; he’s perfect.”

 

“No, he’s not,” Daphne said. She set her glass of wine down on the table to look at Draco, “He’s just Harry, and he’s human and a little bit broken, just like the rest of us.”

 

Draco met her eye, “Still…”

 

“I’ll keep an eye on it,” Daphne said simply, “But I would appreciate it if you would do the same.”

 

“Yeah,” Draco said sincerely, “I will.”

 

 

"When Theo comes back you and him will have to keep these in your mouth for a month," Harry said late that night as he sat up with the boys after the girls had gone to bed.

 

"Leaves?" Draco asked with a frown.

 

"Mandrake leaves," Neville said, "For becoming an Animagus like Harry.”

 

"Exactly," Harry grinned.

 

Draco's eyes widened, "Seriously?"

 

"Uh-huh," Harry said with a smug grin, "The girls didn't really work on the potion properly until after graduation, but they've got it to the point where it's nearly finished. It needs to stew for two weeks before they add the final ingredient and then it has to stew for another two weeks. After that, it will keep for a month, so if you guys pop them in your mouth at the same time, you'll all be Animagi in just over a month."

 

Draco grinned, "That's cool. I just wish I didn't have to wait for Theo."

 

"You know he'd go mental if we didn't," Neville laughed.

 

"He's going to be pissed enough about the tattoos," Harry laughed.

 

"Well if he will go away and sleep with his wife on a beach for two weeks, of course, he's going to miss the fun!" Draco joked.

 

Harry snorted, "I wouldn't tell Sadie that's how you think they're spending their honeymoon."

 

"I've not heard from Sadie," Draco admitted in amusement, "I've been sending Theo cuttings from the prophet to keep him up to date with the Quidditch league. Sadie banned newspapers."

 

Neville snorted in amusement, "So you're his black market newspaper supply guy now?" he joked.

 

"Exactly," Draco smirked, 'Draco Malf - shit, it's Black now - Draco Black, criminal extraordinaire."

 

Harry barked out a laugh at his friend's behaviour, "Try Draco Malfoy, extraordinary arsehole."

 

"Oi, I resent that Scarhead!"

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Do you think this is a good idea?” Hermione Granger asked her fiancé with a very typical, very sceptical look.

 

Draco looked at her incredulously from his spot behind a large wooden coat stand, “What could be bad about it?”

 

“Well,” Daphne whispered from halfway up the stairs, “Theo and Sadie are newlyweds, and they are coming home to their new house for the very first time. Do you really think they want all of us here?”

 

“Who else would give them the grand tour?” Harry asked.

 

“I’m sure they would find everything themselves,” Lilly pointed out.

 

“The girls have a point, Harry,” Neville admitted, “What if they don’t want a surprise party?”

 

“Shh!” Harry cut in as they heard noises outside. Everyone shrunk back into their hiding places, and the lights went out in the corridor, which left them all in darkness.

 

The door opened slowly, and two people stepped into the hallway. They were giggling and whispering when the lights went on, and their friends all jumped out with shouts of, “WELCOME HOME!”

 

Sadie and Theo jumped apart from what had clearly been a compromising position and looked like deers caught in the headlights as a massive ‘WELCOME HOME’ banner fell from up high, and confetti rained down on them from above.

 

Daphne, Hermione and Lilly shared knowing looks while Neville shook his head in exasperation.

 

“Uh…” Sadie floundered as her cheeks transitioned from pink to scarlet.

 

“Seriously?” Theo asked his friends in disbelief.

 

“What?” Draco asked cluelessly, “We’ve missed you guys, so we threw you a surprise welcome home party! You didn’t have other plans, did you?”

 

“Uh yeah!” Theo said irritably, “I had plans to christen my new house by ravaging my new wife in every-”

 

“Theo!” Sadie shrieked before he could go any further.

 

Daphne sniggered and said under her breath in a sing-song voice, “Told you this was a bad idea.”

 

Draco looked mildly offended, but Harry at least had the gall to look sheepish and guilty, “Right…we just thought you might have wanted to you know…catch up…with you being gone for two weeks and all.”

 

“Oh, of course, we do Harry,” Sadie said gently as she realised Theo had kind of hurt Harry’s feelings, “And it was really sweet of you to do this. We just weren’t expecting it.”

 

“Yeah, we were expecting to find the biggest bedroom in this place and-”

 

“-Sleep!” Sadie cut in before Theo could finish, “Because we’re really tired, you know with the apparition sickness.”

 

“Right,” Harry said with a nod, “Yeah, of course. We’ll just head off and let you guys get some sleep then.”

 

“We can catch up tomorrow,” Sadie suggested, “You could all come around for lunch and tell us all about the renovation of the house, I’m sure we won’t be able to find all of its secrets before noon.”

 

“That’s a wonderful idea, Sadie,” Hermione said with a smile, “Let’s all go home and get a good nights sleep then catch up over lunch tomorrow.”

 

“Funny, it’s almost like you suggested we do lunch tomorrow instead of throwing a surprise party tonight,” Lilly said sarcastically.

 

Daphne piped up, “I’d just like to say that I concurred with the lunch plan.”

 

Sadie smiled slightly and looked at Neville, “What about you, Neville? You’ve been fairly quiet.”

 

“I went along with the surprise party plan,” Neville admitted sheepishly, “But I realised before those two idiots did that it was a bad idea.”

 

“Hey!”

 

“Oi!”

 

Sadie smiled in amusement, “We appreciate the thought if that helps.”

 

Neville gave her a sheepish nod and said, “Come on, guys, let’s head home.”

 

Harry nodded as he dragged himself towards the door, “Yeah, sorry for barging in on your night.”

 

Draco scoffed as he brushed past Theo, “It’s not like they’ve had two weeks to shag on beaches or anything. You would have thought he missed us at least a little bit but clearly not.”

 

Sadie held her hand up against her face and shook her head in amusement at Hermione, Daphne and Lilly, “Is he really jealous right now?”

 

“Yeah,” Hermione said with a half-smile, “I think I’m going to have to deal with that tonight…”

 

Theo glanced guiltily over his shoulder, but Harry, Draco and Neville had already left through the front door, “Do you think I need to apologise to him tomorrow?”

 

“Oh, I’m sure Hermione will have cooled him off by then,” Lilly smirked, “Sorry for cock-blocking you, Theo.”

 

Theo snorted in amusement, “For that comment, I forgive you.”

 

“I’m a terrible best friend,” Daphne admitted as she hugged Sadie, “I should have stopped them.”

 

Sadie shook her head, “Don’t worry; I know what those two are like when they get an idea in their heads.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Tell me about it. Have a good night you two,” she added with a wink as she, Hermione and Lilly vacated the Nott’s new house.

 

Sadie sighed as she glanced at Theo, “That’s totally killed the mood, hasn’t it?”

 

“I bet I can bring it back,” Theo said with a mischievous glint in his eye as he picked his new wife up and carried her up the narrow staircase towards the master bedroom.

 

 

“Do you think we should get up and explore our new house?” Sadie asked Theo as she propped herself up on her elbow in their new bedroom.

 

“I’ve already established that I like the bedroom,” Theo said as he shot her a grin.

 

“And that luxurious ensuite bathroom with the jacuzzi is pretty nice,” Sadie admitted with a smile, “But there’s a whole house to explore Theo! I don’t want to spend the whole morning lying in bed when we could be investigating it!”

 

Theo smiled fondly at her, “Alright then, but I refuse to put on any clothes apart from a dressing gown before 11 am. Deal?”

 

“Deal!” Sadie grinned as she jumped out of bed and raked in their suitcases. She threw her own dressing gown on and held his out for him, “Come on! Let’s explore!”

 

Theo found her child-like excitement quite endearing, so he got out of bed, threw on his dressing gown and slipped on his slippers. Sadie had already dashed out into the hallway, so he followed her out and noticed for the first time how clean looking it was. The carpets were beige, and the walls were white. It was kitted out with electricity rather than with gas lights like most old wizarding houses. All of the light fittings and accessories were silver, “Thank Salazar they didn’t make everything gold like they did in Potter Manor.”

 

Sadie laughed, “Draco was one of the main people involved in redecorating. Do you really think he would have let Harry and Neville Gryffindor-ise our house?”

 

“No,” Theo admitted with a guilty look, “I need to apologise to him later, don’t I?”

 

Sadie just laughed again, “I don’t think you did anything wrong, but you two do kind of act like an old married couple.”

 

“I know we’re overly dramatic a lot of the time,” Theo admitted as they headed upstairs, “But I do think I offended him for real this time.”

 

“He probably just missed you while we were gone,” Sadie reasoned, “And he will be coming to terms with the fact you’re married now too. He probably feels like he’s losing you or something, you know how touchy Draco is.”

 

Theo nodded his agreement as they emerged onto the top floor of their new home. It was spread across four levels, five if you included the basement as a floor. The master bedroom was on the second floor; it was huge and had the most luxurious bathroom attached to it. Also on the second floor were two small double bedrooms and a small bathroom to serve them both. All three bedrooms were decked out with white and silver trappings; it was very neutral, which meant that Sadie and Theo could change the theme of any room if they so wished.

 

“Ooh there are more bedrooms up here,” Sadie said as she peeked her head into several doors, “There are four actually, and one of them has an ensuite.”

 

“Is it as nice as ours?” Theo joked.

 

Sadie chuckled, “Of course not. It doesn’t have a jacuzzi with mood lighting, or his and hers sinks.”

 

“I thought the rose petals in the jacuzzi were a nice touch,” Theo admitted, “Do you reckon that was Hermione’s idea?”

 

“Well, I doubt it was Draco’s,” Sadie said with a slight frown, “Theo?”

 

“Yeah?” Theo said as he stepped out of the bathroom that he had been inspecting.

 

“There are stairs here,” Sadie said, she looked up at a set of wooden stairs leading to a hatch, “But this should be the top floor.”

 

“It’s probably just the attic,” Theo shrugged.

 

“Do you want to check?” Sadie asked a little cautiously.

 

Theo smiled at her, “Is that because you’re too scared to go up?”

 

“Pretty much,” Sadie admitted with a cute, but sheepish, smile.

 

“Alright,” Theo said as he began to climb the stairs, “But as this was a muggle house, I’m sure there’s nothing scary in the attic.”

 

Sadie nodded but watched anxiously all the same. Theo reached the top of the stairs and unlocked the bolt on the hatch. He pushed it open and got a surprise when natural sunlight flooded the corridor. Theo took another couple of steps and looked out, “Woah Sadie, you have got to come up here!” he said as he climbed the last few steps and disappeared from view.

 

Sadie followed him up and gasped in surprise when she saw where the hatch led. The third floor was the top floor, but their friends had managed to squeeze a little terraced roof garden into their high-rise London home.

 

“Oh, Merlin…” Sadie said. The roof terrace was small. You could fit a bench in or a small outdoor table and not much else. It had been cut into the attic space because on one side they could see the roof of the house where the rest of the attic existed. The terrace itself wasn’t particularly spectacular, but the views were what made it so special. A whitewashed wall surrounded the terrace on the three sides where it was open to the air. It was high enough to make it safe but not so high that it obstructed the view of London that it gave them. The roof terrace in Potter Manor showed all of the highest landmarks in London from a distance, but Sadie and Theo were so much closer in their new home that they could see Big Ben, the Tower of London and St. Pauls Cathedral very clearly.

 

“This has got to be the best part of the house,” Theo said as he leant on the wall and looked out as London awakened.

 

“It must have been magically modified,” Sadie said as she looked around, “This is a terraced house. We shouldn’t be able to see anything in either of those directions.”

 

“Who knows what kind of clever spell they used,” Theo said, “Does it really matter? The view is real, look at the people walking on the street below. No spell can fake that.”

 

Sadie nodded, she leant against the wall and looked out at London too, “I wonder if Draco and Hermione will put the same thing into their house when they move in.”

 

Theo glanced to the right where Number 12 Grimmauld Place was situated. They could see that the house was attached to theirs, but it seemed to end where the third floor was, there were no higher floors or a roof.

 

“Maybe when they take all of the protective charms off it we’ll be able to see the rest of the house,” Theo mused.

 

Sadie nodded thoughtfully and tore her gaze away from London, “Come on, we haven’t even looked at the lower floors yet.”

 

Theo smiled at his wife, “Alright, lead the way,” he said as he followed her back into the house. He made sure to shut the hatch and re-bolt it before he jogged to catch up with Sadie. When he eventually caught up with her, she was on the first floor.

 

“Theo! You have got to see this room!”

 

Theo chuckled and followed her into a large reception room. He understood why she had wanted him to see it from the moment he walked in. The room was narrow and long, like many rooms in the old Georgian terraced house. There was a large archway in the centre which split it somewhat, but it was essentially a drawing-room in two halves. At either end of the room, there were floor to ceiling windows that opened like doors, upon closer inspection, Theo realised that both of them led to small balcony areas which were just wide enough to fit a couple of chairs on.

 

“Isn’t this just beautiful?” Sadie gushed.

 

The room was very elegant and grand. It had solid oak floorboards, and the walls had been painted in a pastel green colour that Theo was sure Sadie loved. He expected that had been Daphne’s handiwork; the green worked well with the two large silver chandeliers that hung in the room. It was large, but it seemed cosy with two fireplaces to keep it warm. It had been kitted out with beige sofas and armchairs that had silver studs on their sides. There were lots of little touches that were really nice, like a beautiful fully stocked drinks cabinet.

 

“I take back what I said about the roof terrace being my favourite part of the house,” Theo admitted sheepishly, “This is amazing.”

 

“All it’s missing is a family tree,” Sadie said thoughtfully as she stepped through the archway into the smaller part of the room, “But I suppose we could do that ourselves-”

 

Theo followed her into the room to see why she had suddenly stopped speaking, “Oh,” was all he could say as he took in the room. There were floor to ceiling windows leading to the second balconied area, and on the wall to their right was another fireplace. However, the wall to their left was what had caught both of their attentions. The pastel green wall contained a beautiful depiction of a silver tree at the heart of which were the names “Theodore and Sadie Nott”. Sadie reached out and touched her name, and the tree came to life, branches stretched out and extended to reveal her entire family tree.

 

“Oh my…”

 

“It’s just like the one in Nott Manor,” Theo said as he touched his name. Sadie’s branches of the tree drew themselves back in, and his family tree stretched out in front of them, “Draco designed it to be just like it…”

 

“With a nice little addition,” Sadie said with a soft smile, “Look.”

 

Theo followed her finger and smiled when he saw the name, “Hermione Granger” on his family tree, “Yeah…this was all Draco.”

 

“You probably do owe him an apology,” Sadie admitted as she smiled sheepishly at her husband, “He was just excited to show you all of his hard work.”

 

“I know,” Theo said as he put his arm around Sadie, “And I was a horny, selfish bastard.”

 

“He should be used to that by now,” Sadie teased as she let Theo lead her out of the room.

 

Theo laughed at that and asked, “Is there anything else interesting up here?”

 

Sadie shook her head, “Not really, there are two bedrooms on the other side of the corridor and a small bathroom connecting them. I think you could probably fit double beds in them at a push, but they have singles in them at the moment.”

 

Theo glanced inside one of the rooms, “Good size for a nursery though or a kid’s room.”

 

Sadie looked up at him in surprise.

 

“What?” Theo asked when he saw the look on her face.

 

“You’re thinking about that?” Sadie asked. The surprise on her face was clear.

 

Theo smirked, “You don’t have to sound so surprised. I want everything that you want, Sadie; I can’t wait for us to be surrounded by lots of hyperactive brats.”

 

Sadie laughed, “I’m thrilled that you’re thinking ahead, Theo, but you have three years of Auror training to get through first, and I have my Alchemy course to finish.”

 

Theo smiled at her, “I know, I wasn’t saying that we should do it right now, I promise. Do you want to check out what’s downstairs?”

 

Sadie nodded, and the two of them made their way down onto the ground floor. The banner from the night before had been removed, and the confetti that had rained down on them was also gone.

 

Theo frowned, “They left before we went upstairs, didn’t they?”

 

Sadie nodded slowly, “So who cleaned up?”

 

Theo got a knowing look in his eyes, “I have an idea…if I’m right, we’ll find out soon enough.”

 

Sadie’s frown deepened as she followed him into one of the three doors leading off of the corridor. They had stepped into a large, grand dining room. The cornicing and fireplace seemed to be the original Georgian ones like they were in the drawing-room upstairs. There was a deep green rug laid out on the floor and atop it was a lovely solid oak dining room table with matching chairs that seated ten people.

 

“There’s another door there,” Sadie noticed as she pointed towards the far end of the room. Behind them, there was a large window that looked out onto the street and let in lots of light. However, at the other end of the long, thin room, there were two large glass double doors, and they were letting in a lot of light too.

 

The couple walked the length of the room and pushed the doors open. They immediately saw why so much light was streaming in. This was a sort of ‘morning room’. The wall in front of them was made entirely of glass and looked out onto their small garden. This was a relatively small room; it had a little four-seater wicker table with matching, comfortable chairs. It was more of a place to dine casually rather than to entertain lots of guests like the formal dining room they had just walked through.

 

“There’s access to the garden from here,” Theo said. Sadie hadn’t even noticed it, but one of the glass panels in front of them was actually a door. Theo placed his hand on the handle; it automatically recognised him and swung open. The two of them stepped out into the tiny garden onto a small patio-ed area. It fitted a table for four on it but no more. There were a few steps down into a grassy area of the garden where they would be able to fit a swing set or a wendy house if they so wished when they did decide to have children. It seemed reasonably private because it was surrounded by a high fence on all three sides.

 

“It’s small but do we really need anything bigger?” Theo reasoned.

 

“And we could magically expand it if we wanted to,” Sadie said as she stepped back into the house.

 

“That’s true,” Theo said as he accompanied her back through the dining room into the entrance hallway. They opened the door adjacent to that of the dining room and saw that it led to a cosy little downstairs sitting area. Three out of four walls were adorned with floor to ceiling bookcases, and the fourth wall featured another Georgian fireplace. There was also a door in that wall that led to a small but functional study. They discovered that the final room on the ground floor was a bathroom.

 

“I wonder if there are stairs to the basement like there are next door,” Theo said he walked the length of the corridor. Surely enough, there was a door at the end, and when opened, it revealed a staircase. The lights came on automatically as Theo led the way down the stairs into the basement floor of the house. Like in Number 12, when you reached the bottom of the stairs, you found yourself in the kitchen. However, this kitchen was much nicer than the one next door.

 

It had the same oak floorboards as the rest of the house, but it was styled like a country kitchen. The cupboard doors were a pastel green and the worktops were made from solid wood. The kitchen also featured a beautiful range cooker, a porcelain sink and another fireplace. At the centre of the kitchen was a large oak table with two matching benches. Three doors were leading off of the kitchen, Theo assumed that one of them had to lead to the pantry, but that begged the question; where did the other two go?

 

His question was answered before he even had to vocalise it because one of the doors, which was about a third smaller than the other two, opened.

 

“Oh!” Sadie gasped in surprise when she saw the door opening. She had assumed after all, that they were home alone.

 

“Oh!” The startled house-elf squeaked as the poor thing jumped into the air, “Oh! Deely is sorry Master and Mistress Nott! Deeley was not knowing that you was awake!”

 

“That’s okay,” Theo assured the house-elf, “My wife just got a surprise because she didn’t know that we had a house-elf.”

 

Deeley nodded, her eyes were still very wide, “Mr Draco said it was a surprise, Master Nott.”

 

“Draco hired you?” Theo asked as he felt guilty for the umpteenth time that morning.

 

Deeley nodded again, “Deeley knew Dobby, Master Nott.”

 

“Oh,” Theo realised, “Well, welcome to the Nott family then Deeley.”

 

Deeley beamed broadly, “Master Nott must not worry about Deeley’s work ethic. Deeley does not want clothes or holidays like Dobby.”

 

Sadie smiled, “It would be okay if you did Deeley.”

 

“No, no,” Deeley said with a shake of her head, “Deeley is a good house-elf Mistress Nott.”

 

“Well Deeley,” Theo said, “I understand if it’s too short notice but would you maybe be able to throw together some lunch for eight people? Nothing fancy, maybe just some soup and bread?”

 

Deeley nodded vigorously, “Of course, Master Nott. Deeley will get to work right away.”

 

Theo smiled, “Thanks, Deeley. Oh, there’s another thing. Can you tell me where that door leads?”

 

He pointed to the door on the other side of the kitchen. He assumed that the door next to Deeley’s room led to the pantry.

 

Deeley nodded, “Oh yes, Master Nott! It’s a special room, Mr Harry says you think about what you want it to become and then it becomes it!”

 

Theo grinned and looked over at Sadie, “We have our own room of requirement!”

 

Sadie laughed at his enthusiasm, “What do you want it to be?”

 

“What do you want it to be?” He countered.

 

“I have a luxury bathroom upstairs, a garden and a roof terrace,” Sadie said with a smile, “Not to mention a stunning drawing-room. This house already has everything that I could want or need; you pick what you want it to be.”

 

Theo shot her a sheepish look, “I know it’s copying Harry, but I would kind of like a man cave with a bar and a duelling platform. I’m not sure I want the swimming pool though; I think that’s a bit excessive.”

 

Sadie laughed, “Well make it into a man cave then,” she said as she smiled fondly at her husband.

 

Theo put his hand on the door, shut his eyes tightly and envisioned the room in his head. After a few seconds, there was a click, and the door swung open of its own accord. He practically bounded into the room, and Sadie had to try very hard not to laugh as she followed him inside.

 

“This is amazing!”

 

The room had certainly become what Theo had wanted. It had a very cosy feeling despite the walls all being bare red stone. There were fireplaces at either end of the room though, and it was lit by gas lighting unlike the rest of the house. Sadie supposed that the magic in the room would have interfered with the electricity. The room was huge because it took up half of the basement floor (and it had probably been expanded with magic as well). It had everything Theo had dreamed of, on one side there was a small bar which was surrounded by comfortable sofas and armchairs in the same emerald green as those in the Slytherin common room. In fact, the whole place had an air of the Slytherin common room; the duelling platform on the other side of the room was green and silver and looked far grander than the basic wooden one in Potter Manor.

 

“I need to think up a good apology before the others arrive,” Theo admitted as he looked around his dream room, “What time is it?”

 

“I don’t know,” Sadie said. As she looked around the room for a clock, there was a pop, and a grand roman faced clock appeared on the wall in front of her.

 

Theo grinned, “That’s neat.”

 

“Yes,” Sadie agreed, “But the fact it’s half 11 isn’t.”

 

“Yeah,” Theo agreed as he reluctantly walked towards the door, “We better get ready before the others arrive.”

 

“Yes, we better,” Sadie said with a knowing smile as she took his hand and dragged him out of his mini room of requirement.

 

 

“Happy Homecoming!” Hermione said with a smile as she stepped into the hallway of 11 Grimmauld Place with a large box in her hands.

 

Sadie smiled at her, “Thanks. What’s in the box?”

 

“Dessert,” Hermione chirped, “I would say it’s from Draco and I, but I made it this morning while Draco huffed so…”

 

Sadie rolled her eyes, “Theo has spent the last half hour going over different apology strategies with me. Where is Draco?”

 

“Still huffing,” Hermione said matter of factly, “He was having a duel with Harry so I left them to it and said I would explain their lateness.”

 

Sadie laughed, “Theo’s still upstairs. Here, let me take that and pop it in the kitchen.”

 

Hermione handed Sadie the cake, and the two women walked towards the basement stairs, “So, how was the honeymoon?”

 

“Amazing,” Sadie admitted with a big smile, “Paris was romantic, and it was so hot as well.”

 

“Yeah, I did notice that tan,” Hermione said, “It’s only going to get better though isn’t it? With you working in Egypt soon.”

 

“Not all of the time,” Sadie reminded her, “I’ll only be in Egypt sometimes. I’m going to do as much of my studying as possible from the London Headquarters.”

 

“I know but still,” Hermione said with a wave of her hands, “You’re going to see much more sun than I will while I’m stuck in an office in the Ministry.”

 

Sadie smiled sheepishly at her, “I suppose when you put it that way…” she said as she deposited the cake in the pantry, “Thank you so much for everything you guys did with the house, by the way, it’s amazing.”

 

Hermione smiled proudly, “Oh, don’t thank me too much. Draco and Harry were the ones behind everything. They just roped me in to help with a couple of tricky spells.”

 

“Let me guess, the roof terrace and the family tree?”

 

Hermione chuckled, “The roof terrace and the enchantments on the house that keep it hidden from muggles. The family tree was all Draco, and you have Daphne to thank for the interior design, the green with the silver touches was all her idea.”

 

“I thought it might have been,” Sadie admitted, “Where is she anyway? You and Draco are still living with her and Harry at the moment, aren’t you?”

 

Hermione nodded, “Yeah, not much has changed since your wedding, to be honest. Susan did move out, though.”

 

Sadie grinned, “Why do I get the feeling she moved into a certain Weasley’s London bachelor pad?”

 

Hermione returned her friends grin, “Spot on. She was staying there all of the time, and after about the fifth walk of shame at 8 am Harry told her just to move in with Percy already.”

 

Sadie laughed, “And she did?”

 

“Yep, that very same day,” Hermione said with an amused smile, “Draco and I want to move out but restoring Grimmauld Place isn’t as easy as we thought it would be. Before we’re allowed to move in officially, we need to get the place signed off by the Pest-Sub Division of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, and by the Investigation Division of the DMLE. Nobody was allowed to go anywhere near it last week because it had to be fumigated after we had the Ministry guys come in to inspect it.”

 

Sadie made a face, “What kind of stuff was living in there?”

 

“Doxys,” Hermione said, and she began to tick things off with her fingers, “Rats, termites, oh, and there were some bundimun in the basement.”

 

“Ah,” Sadie grimaced, “So they got rid of everything?”

 

Hermione nodded, “They got rid of everything, but we still aren’t allowed in. The Investigation Division is sending out a couple of guys tomorrow, and until they have made sure every nook and cranny of that house is free of dark magic, we don’t get in.”

 

Sadie bit her lip, “I’m sorry, that sucks.”

 

Hermione shrugged, “It’s a pain, but it means that the house will be safe by the time we get in. Merlin knows how long it will take to redecorate once they’ve turned the place upside down though…they are getting rid of the house-elves heads on the wall and the portrait of Sirius’s mother that screams profanities at everyone who enters though so we owe them a thank you for that.”

 

Before Sadie could comment on that, the floo in the kitchen whirred to life. A disembodied voice said, “Floo Signature of…Daphne Greengrass.”

 

“Allow access,” Sadie replied.

 

Hermione looked impressed, “You installed a signature floo system overnight?”

 

“It took me fifteen minutes this morning,” Sadie admitted, “Is it supposed to be hard?”

 

Hermione laughed out loud, “Well considering that most people get the Department of Magical Transportation out to do it for them, I would be inclined to say yes.”

 

Sadie looked vaguely impressed with herself as Daphne stepped out of the flames. She flicked her hair back out of the way then dusted herself down before beaming at Sadie, “Hey Mrs Nott!”

 

Sadie chuckled and hugged her best friend, “Hey, look, I am so sorry about last night.”

 

“Oh, don’t be sorry,” Daphne said with a snort, “You had every right to be angry at us. It was a terrible idea. Hermione, Lil and I tried to convince them of that beforehand, but you know how stubborn they are.”

 

“Yeah,” Sadie said sheepishly, “Theo feels guilty.”

 

“Where is Theo?” Hermione asked.

 

“Upstairs, preparing his apology for Draco,” Sadie said with a roll of her eyes.

 

“You’re not serious?”

 

“I wish I wasn’t serious,” Sadie said as she shook her head.

 

Daphne sniggered, “Well, we should have plenty of time to discuss the saucy details about the honeymoon before the gruesome twosome arrive. When I left, they were trying to cut each other’s heads off and disembowel each other, so I think the duel will go on for a bit.”

 

“What did they fight about?” Sadie asked. She surveyed her friend in amusement as Daphne made herself at home and set the kettle onto the stove and started to boil it.

 

“Oh, nothing,” Daphne replied.

 

Hermione shook her head, “Draco just had lots of pent-up frustration because he felt spurned by Theo and Harry always likes the adrenaline rush of a good duel.”

 

“There are other ways to give Harry an adrenaline rush mind you,” Daphne smirked.

 

“Which I don’t need to hear about,” Sadie said quickly, “As the one person in this room who hasn’t slept with Harry Potter.”

 

“I haven’t slept with Harry Potter.”

 

“Neither have I!”

 

Sadie spun around and saw the owners of the two voices. Neville and Lilly had arrived, clearly through the front door, and they had made their way downstairs without the others noticing.

 

“I definitely haven’t slept with Harry Potter,” Theo added as he stepped in behind the couple, “I have standards.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “I see two weeks of post-marriage bliss on the beaches of France hasn’t changed you one bit, Theo.”

 

“Oh, you wouldn’t like me anymore if it had Daph,” Theo said as he nudged her in the ribs.

 

Daphne elbowed him out of the way, hard, and Sadie chuckled to herself, “No wonder you two never hooked up. You act like brother and sister most of the time.”

 

“He’s annoying enough to be my brother!”

 

“She’s bratty enough to be my sister!”

 

“See?” Sadie said with an amused grin as her husband and her best friend continued to bicker.

 

Lilly shook her head in amusement and held out a bag, “We brought wine and firewhiskey. I picked the wine, and the firewhiskey is from Neville’s secret stash that everyone knows about.”

 

Sadie laughed, “Thanks very much. Hermione brought dessert, and our new house-elf is making soup for lunch. She’s lovely; I really need to thank Draco for that one.”

 

Hermione’s nose went up in the air very slightly, “I was against that part of the present.”

 

Neville cut in before a debate about the welfare of house-elves could begin, “We know you don’t like house-elves Hermione, but we can get into that another day can’t we? Everyone just wants to know what Theo and Sadie got up to on their honeymoon.”

 

“We squeezed a lot in,” Sadie said.

 

“Yes, we did,” Theo said with a look on his face which was far too suggestive, “I definitely squeezed a lot-”

 

“Theo!”

 

Daphne punched Theo for good measure, but before a fight could break out, the floo whirred to life for the second time.

 

“Floo Signatures…Harry Potter and Draco Black,” The disembodied voice announced.

 

“Allow access,” Theo said.

 

“I guess the duel is over then,” Hermione remarked as Harry stepped out of the fireplace, followed by Draco. Both of them looked to be in fine health, so the duel clearly hadn’t gotten too out of control.

 

“Did you win baby?” Daphne asked absentmindedly as she took two more mugs out of the cupboard.

 

“You don’t actually live here, you know,” Theo muttered under his breath.

 

Daphne just smiled sweetly over at Theo in response to this comment.

 

“Of course I won, I’m Harry Potter,” Harry said as he shot a smug grin in Draco’s direction.

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “He only won because he used dirty tactics.”

 

“That doesn’t sound like you mate,” Neville said.

 

“Yeah, don’t you finish like every duel with Expelliarmus just to prove a point?” Theo added.

 

“I don’t want to get typecast,” Harry joked as he leant against the kitchen worktop, “What do you guys think of the house by the way?”

 

“We love it,” Theo said honestly, “We had a brief explore this morning, and it’s amazing. It’s so much more than we expected.”

 

“Well that’s what best friends do, isn’t it?” Draco said, “They do nice things for their friends because they love them and appreciate them.”

 

The dig was really obvious, and most of the occupants of the room rolled their eyes or shared amused looks with their other halves.

 

Theo, on the other hand, bit his lip, “I know, I’m really sorry for being a dick last night alright? You just wanted to show off the house, and I was more interested in shagging my wife, I’m a horny shallow bastard, okay?”

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at him.

 

“And I missed you,” Theo added, “France wasn’t the same without you.”

 

Harry shook his head in amusement as Draco and Theo hugged.

 

“I missed you too,” Draco murmured, “And I’m glad you like the house.”

 

Theo drew back from the hug and smiled, “I love the family tree, adding Hermione onto it was a great touch.”

 

Draco smiled, “Apology accepted, Theo.”

 

Theo chuckled, “We liked the rose petals in the jacuzzi, by the way, that was a nice touch.”

 

“I’m guessing that was your idea, Daph,” Sadie piped up, “Or yours Hermione.”

 

Draco scoffed, “As if, it was my idea.”

 

Theo looked at his friend in disbelief, “Seriously?”

 

“Obviously, I’m more romantic than those two combined,” Draco remarked.

 

“Charming,” Daphne said as she shot Hermione an amused look.

 

Theo looked a little emotional as he said, “Thanks, mate. We’re gonna hug again, right? We need to hug it out.”

 

Draco laughed, “Yeah, let's hug it out.”

 

Theo tackled Draco to the floor with the strength of his make-up hug.

 

“Has all that’s wrong with the world been put to rest now?” Daphne asked in amusement as she clicked her fingers and sent mugs of tea in every direction. They hovered in front of the drinker until that person plucked them from the air.

 

“You might want to re-think this whole career thing and just be a housewife,” Theo teased, “Your domestic charms are better than Sadie’s.”

 

Sadie glared at her husband and Daphne smacked him around the head, hard.

 

“My domestic charms are great because I’ve got a house full of people and a house-elf who has rules,” Daphne said with a roll of her eyes, “Kreacher seems to have developed a sense of independence since he met Winky at Hogwarts. He only cooks the main meals now, and he needs plenty of notice if visitors are coming over, so guess who makes breakfast and lunch every day?”

 

“I bake,” Hermione said sheepishly, “I just can’t cook very well…”

 

“That’s an understatement,” Draco snorted, “The last time you tried to cook you nearly burnt down Potter Manor.”

 

“I did not!” Hermione exclaimed, “The chicken was a bit chargrilled, but it was edible!”

 

“Edible?” Harry cut in, “It was burnt to a crisp!”

 

“You’re going to have to learn to cook before you guys move in next door,” Theo said in amusement, “Because I’m fairly sure you’re not going to have a house-elf…”

 

“We certainly will not!” Hermione agreed.

 

“So who will have Draco’s meals on the table for him when he gets home every night?” Theo joked.

 

“He can cook his own bloody meals thank you very much!” Hermione said, and it was clear that she was starting to get riled up.

 

“I think we should head upstairs,” Harry said quickly, “I’m feeling pretty peckish, is anyone else feeling peckish?”

 

There was a general murmur of agreement, so the argument between Theo and Hermione was narrowly avoided. Theo led the way up the stairs onto the ground floor, and Draco fell into line with him, “I’m either going to have to cook my own meals or starve, I figured that out a while ago,” he muttered under his breath.

 

“You should send her on that training course,” Theo said with a wicked smirk, “The one for new wives that teaches them domestic spells.”

 

“Do you honestly think I would survive doing that?” Draco retorted with a raised eyebrow, “She keeps talking about this muggle thing called a freezer and something called microwave meals. Apparently, she can cook them, so I guess that means we’ll have to install electricity in Grimmauld Place.”

 

Theo snorted, “You’ll be living with Harry and Daph forever then.”

 

“Tell me about it,” Draco mumbled as they reached the dining room. The group of eight filed in and took their places around the table.

 

“So,” Neville said conversationally, “What did you guys do in Paris?”

 

Sadie smiled broadly, “Well, we went to the Louvre, which was lovely until Theo got thrown out for trying to steal the Mona Lisa.”

 

“I wasn’t trying to steal it!” Theo cut in, “I saw this thing in a muggle movie where there was a secret message written on the back of the American Declaration of Independence, so I wanted to check if there was anything on the back of the Mona Lisa. I just lifted it off the wall, and all these alarms started going off.”

 

“Yeah probably because they thought you were trying to steal one of the most valuable paintings in the world,” Neville said through his laughter.

 

“Muggles are so touchy,” Theo said with a roll of his eyes.

 

Sadie shook her head in exasperation, “So that was on our first day. The next night we went to the Moulin Rouge, and Theo got thrown out of there too because he couldn’t help himself when the music started playing, so he got up on stage and started doing the can-can with the female dancers.”

 

Harry roared with laughter at that, “Really? They threw you out for that.”

 

“The French are very touchy,” Theo said with a wave of his hand, “It probably didn’t help that I called them froggy bastards when they told me to get off of the stage.”

 

Sadie looked at her husband with fond exasperation in her eyes, “So on the third day we went up the Eiffel Tower, and Theo snuck his broom up with him by shrinking it and putting it into his pocket. So there we were at the top of the Eiffel Tower having this lovely romantic moment when Theo climbs up on the railings because he wants to try flying off of the tower, in broad daylight with Muggles all around us!”

 

Draco shook his head, “Seriously, Theo?”

 

Theo did look a little sheepish about that one at least. Sadie continued, “So the muggle police dragged him off and tried to arrest him, but when he started talking about how he had a magical broomstick and therefore could fly off of the Eiffel Tower they released him to me and apologised profusely for the fact that I had just married someone who was clinically insane.”

 

Lilly sniggered at that, “Well, that part is right.”

 

“Oi, I resent that Moon!”

 

“She’s right, though!” Draco said. The others echoed their agreement, and the ground floor of Sadie and Theo’s house was filled with the wonderful sound of laughter.

 

 

After lunch, the ladies disappeared into the drawing-room to discuss saucy honeymoon details and the like. The men, on the other hand, withdrew to Theo’s man-cave. While their other halves drank wine and talked about their sex lives, the men were drinking firewhiskey and making small talk.

 

“Oh, I forgot to tell you mate,” Neville said as he slapped Theo on the back, “We all got tattoos when you were on your honeymoon.”

 

“Wizarding ones?” Theo asked in disbelief, “You got tattoos without me? All of you?”

 

“It was a spur of the moment thing,” Draco said a little guiltily, “We had a couple of drinks, and we decided it would be a good idea to get matching tattoos.”

 

Theo narrowed his eyes at him, “Matching? The three of you got matching tattoos without me? You fucking bastards!”

 

“We had a feeling you would react like this,” Harry admitted, “So we have good news too.”

 

“Forget the good news. I want to see your bloody tattoos!” Theo said irritably.

 

The three men lifted their sleeves up so that their tattoos could be seen. They were magical tattoos, but to muggles, they appeared to be stationary. That was a good thing considering how angry Hermione’s mother had been when she found out that they had tattoos, had she known they were magical ones she probably would have fainted.

 

“I got a Phoenix for my animagus form,” Harry said as the mighty bird flapped its wings, “And because of the whole thing about a Phoenix rising from its ashes, it reminded me of the war, so I thought it was kind of symbolic.”

 

“And I got a lion,” Neville said, “As a symbol of Gryffindor. I mean I know you all slag me off for it, but I reckon beheading that snake with the sword of Gryffindor was my proudest moment.”

 

Theo nodded thoughtfully, “What did you get then Draco? Please tell me it isn’t a snake.”

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at him, “Do you really think I’m keen to have another snake tattoed on my body? After everything I tried to get rid of the last one?”

 

Theo grimaced and grabbed his hand, “Yeah, that was stupid of me, sorry.”

 

Draco nodded, “It was, but that hardly surprises me. Anyway, I got a dragon, partly because my name means dragon but also because I’m fairly sure that my animagus is going to be some form of dragon. I read up on it, and your animagus form is a mixture of your own character and personal traits so a dragon would make sense.”

 

“Right,” Theo said with narrowed eyes, “So what am I going to get?”

 

“Well I suggest you wait about a month,” Harry said as he handed Theo a small wooden box.

 

“Why a month?” Theo asked as he looked at the box tentatively, “And is this going to hurt me?”

 

“Not if you let me teach you properly,” Harry said with an amused smile, “Go on, open it.”

 

Theo opened the box and frowned, “A leaf? Oh! A mandrake leaf! Are you serious? Is the potion ready?”

 

“It will be in a month,” Harry said matter of factly, “I gave Draco and Neville their leaves this morning, so now all you need to do is pop that in your mouth and keep it in there for the rest of the month, and you will be good to go.”

 

“Awesome,” Theo grinned as he popped the leaf into his mouth, “Sadie’s gonna hate me for the next month mind you.”

 

“Well, you should have plenty to keep you occupied,” Draco said, “Or have you not had time to read your post yet?”

 

Theo shook his head, “It’s all lying on the kitchen table, but with you guys coming around and the new house, I haven’t had time to open it. Why? Have the full N.E.W.T results come in yet?”

 

“Nah, they are due in next week sometime,” Neville replied.

 

“We did all get our information packs for the Auror Training Selection Process though,” Harry said with a grin.

 

Theo sat up in his seat at that, “Did we? What did they say?” he asked eagerly.

 

“It’s this weekend,” Draco said, “And it’s a weekend-long thing. We need to be there for 9 am on Saturday, and we’ll be let out when we’re finished on Sunday, whatever time that is.”

 

“It’s at the Auror Training Facility on the outskirts of London. You know the one we visited when we did our work placement?” Neville added.

 

Theo nodded, “Did they give us any more details about what we’ll need to do?”

 

“Not much,” Harry admitted, “They just told us when to be there, that we aren’t allowed any contact with the outside world for the time that we’re there, and then they gave us a summary of what we will be assessed on, but it just said something along the lines of, you will be tested to and beyond your physical and mental limits to ensure that only the best of the best succeed in getting through to the next stage.”

 

“He’s paraphrasing, but they really didn’t tell us anything more than that,” Draco added.

 

“And when we get our N.E.W.T’s through next week if we haven’t gotten the right grade in any of the required subjects we might as well just not show up,” Neville said, “They said it in a politer way than that, but that was the impression I got.”

 

Harry and Draco nodded their agreement. Theo blew out a breath of air and nearly spat out his mandrake leaf which made the others snigger in amusement, “I was going to be profound there, but I can’t really do that with a mandrake leaf hanging out my mouth,” Theo joked as he shoved the leaf back in.

 

“How’s this for profound? Anyone fancy opening another bottle of Ogden’s?” Harry asked cheerfully.

 

Draco narrowed his eyes as he remembered his discussion with Daphne last week, but he kept quiet while Theo and Neville agreed readily.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Are you sure you want to do this?”

 

Ginny took a breath and nodded. She tightened her grip on Blaise’s hand, “It’s the best thing for all of us.”

 

Blaise looked at her with concern, “You know I would never force you into it, Ginevra and nor would my mother.”

 

“I know,” Ginny said honestly, “I came to this decision by myself, Blaise.”

 

She glanced over her shoulder at Zara, Blanche, Beatrice and Billie. They all smiled supportively.

 

“It’s not how I thought I would get married,” Ginny admitted with a weak chuckle, “A run of the mill service at the Ministry rather than a big white wedding.”

 

“We can have a big white wedding after the baby is born if you like?” Blaise asked her.

 

Ginny shook her head, “What’s the point in doing something for appearances? That just makes this a big pureblood sham which is exactly what I don’t want it to be.”

 

“I understand,” Blaise assured her.

 

“Are you ready?” A voice asked from the doorway to the small ceremony area.

 

“We’re just waiting on the last witness,” Zara replied smoothly, “Can you give us five more minutes?”

 

“Of course,” The man said, and he disappeared once more.

 

Wizardling law stated that two witnesses had to be present. One had to be a relative or close friend of the groom and the other of the bride. This was to avoid sham marriages and to prevent young girls from being forced into unhappy marriages by their parents.

 

Seconds later, Bill Weasley stepped into the waiting room and smiled, “You invited me to your wedding?”

 

Ginny smiled and hugged her eldest brother, “You were the only one who I knew wouldn’t judge, Bill.”

 

Bill smiled and kissed her on the cheek, “Life is too short to overthink things, Gin. If this is what you want, then I’m all for it.”

 

“Mum will kill you when she finds out,” Ginny warned him.

 

“Oh I can handle it,” Bill shrugged, “I handled her wrath when I broke up with Lara, then when I ran away to Egypt and can you remember how mad she was when I brought Fleur home? She hated Fleur; it took a werewolf attack to warm her up to her!”

 

Ginny laughed and grabbed his hand, “Thanks, Bill.”

 

Bill smiled broadly and turned to the Zabini’s, “I’m Bill, Ginny’s favourite brother.”

 

Zara chuckled, “I can see why. I’m Zara. I believe you knew my daughter Belinda?”

 

Ginny bit back a chuckle as Bill’s ears turned red, “I did, yes,” he said simply.

 

“You did,” Blanche agreed suggestively, shooting Bill an amused look.

 

“Is she coming today?” Bill asked. He looked like he was dreading the answer.

 

“No, she had to work,” Zara replied simply, “My elder children all work hard, perhaps too hard I sometimes think.”

 

“Ah, I see,” Bill said, trying to hide the wave of relief that had just washed over him.

 

“Ready yet?” A male voice asked.

 

Zara smiled and turned to the man, “Yes, we are. Come along, Blaise, it’s your wedding day.”

 

Blaise rolled his eyes at Ginny as they all traipsed into the room. They weren’t dressed up exactly, Blaise and Bill wore suits and all the women wore dresses but it wasn’t as fancy as a wedding ought to be.

 

It wasn’t anything fancy, just the standard wizarding wedding ceremony which was sealed with the binding of their magic. That was the part that Ginny had been nervous about, the colour of the glow signified the compatibility of the marriage and the strength of the bond. There was a broad spectrum of colours. For Bill and Fleur, it had been pale blue which signified openness and serenity; Ginny supposed it made sense. Fleur calmed Bill when his anger got out of hand, and he was nothing but open with her.

 

When Blaise and Ginny’s magic bonded, they kissed briefly and were surrounded by a pink glow.

 

Zara smiled, “Pink, for grace, gentility and happiness. I do believe that is rather appropriate.”

 

 

“Guys, the N.E.W.T results are here!”

 

Daphne had never seen or heard the current occupants of Potter Manor move faster than they did when she shouted up the stairs that Monday morning. She shook her head in amusement as she heard clattering and hurried footsteps on the floors above.

 

“That has to be a record,” Hermione said when Daphne stepped back into the kitchen and sat down across from the Gryffindor girl.

 

“Tell me about it,” Daphne said as she picked up the Hogwarts letter with her name on it, “Do you think we should wait for the boys before we open them?”

 

“I didn’t,” Hermione admitted sheepishly.

 

Daphne looked over and laughed when she realised that Hermione had already ripped into her letter, “How did you do?”

 

Hermione let a grin break out onto her face, “I got six Outstandings.”

 

Daphne smiled broadly at her, “Well done! Didn’t I tell you that all of your panicking was for nothing?”

 

“I’m just relieved,” Hermione admitted, “I know for sure that I’ll be starting my new job in a couple of weeks now.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne said as she began to open her letter, “That’s why I’m kind of nervous about opening mine. If I haven’t done well enough, then I won’t be starting my Curse Breaking course anytime soon.”

 

“What do you need?” Hermione asked.

 

“I need O’s in Ancient Runes, Arithmancy, DADA and Charms,” Daphne said as she held the letter with shaky hands, “And I need an E in Transfiguration and Potions.”

 

Hermione scoffed, “You will have done that, easily. Go on, look at it.”

 

Daphne grimaced slightly as she unfolded the paper and scanned her results. After a tense few seconds, she blew out a sigh of relief, “Thank Salazar; I did it!”

 

“All O’s?” Hermione guessed.

 

Daphne shook her head, “I got an E in Herbology, but it was the one class I didn’t need anyway so I can handle that.”

 

Hermione smiled broadly at her friend, “Perfect! How do you think the boys have done?”

 

Daphne got to her feet and put the kettle on the stove, “I don’t think you have anything to worry about with Draco if that’s what you mean. He only needs five E’s, and he’s been the second-best student in our year since first year.”

 

“Has he?” Hermione asked in surprise.

 

Daphne turned around and looked at her friend with a frown, “You didn’t know that?”

 

Hermione frowned and shook her head, “Is that why he didn’t like me? Because I beat him in every class?”

 

“He pretended he didn’t like you because it was easier than admitting that he wanted you,” Daphne smirked, “But the whole know-it-all thing? I reckon that was probably jealousy yeah.”

 

“Right,” Hermione said quietly, “I can’t believe I never knew that. I mean, I always knew that he was smart of course, but the second-best student in the year…”

 

“Uh-huh,” Daphne hummed, “Harry on the other hand though...I’m sure he’s nailed DADA, Charms and Herbology but Potions and Transfiguration are his weaker subjects.”

 

“I’m sure he will be fine,” Hermione said honestly, “He got an E in his O.W.L’s for both Potions and Transfiguration. He just scraped an A in Astronomy and a P in Divination. The only one he really flunked was History of Magic.”

 

“Really?” Daphne asked curiously as she poured out two mugs of tea and two mugs of coffee, “I always liked History of Magic.”

 

“So did I,” Hermione admitted, “I found it interesting to learn about the past wars and revolts. I think Harry would have done too, but he always had so much on his mind and Binns made it easy to nap through that class.”

 

Daphne nodded thoughtfully. Before either of them could say anymore; however, the two men stepped into the kitchen in their pyjamas.

 

“N.E.W.T results?” Harry asked anxiously.

 

“On the table babe,” Daphne said as she nodded in the direction of the two letters.

 

Harry and Draco both grabbed their letters and tore into them as quickly as they could. Daphne and Hermione watched their other halves curiously and cautiously as their eyes scanned their results.

 

“Yes!” Harry said, “I’ve done it! I’m in the Selection Process!”

 

Daphne smiled broadly at him, “I knew you could do it. How did you do?” she asked as she handed him his coffee.

 

“I got three O’s, two E’s and an A,” Harry beamed.

 

Daphne grinned, “That’s amazing! Was your A in Divination?”

 

Harry laughed, “Yeah but it’s better than the P I got for my O.W.L. I got an O in Potions Daph, an O!”

 

Daphne chuckled as Harry put his coffee down on the table and drew her in for a hug, “You deserved it, you wrote an amazing Potions project.”

 

“It wasn’t that good,” Harry argued, “How did you do?”

 

“I got an E in Herbology,” Daphne said as Harry held her tightly, “But O’s in everything else.”

 

“I knew you would manage it,” Harry said, he was bursting with pride, “You’re brilliant.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said as she smirked up at him.

 

“How did you do Draco?” Hermione asked her fiancé as Harry finally released Daphne.

 

“I’m in,” Draco said as he looked up from his letter. He seemed stunned by this result, “I’m actually going to get to go to the Auror Training Selection Process.”

 

Hermione smiled proudly at him, “Of course you are, you worked hard all year for this.”

 

“I got one E,” Draco admitted as he looked up at his other half, “But I always knew Transfiguration was my weakest class. Did you get O’s across the board?”

 

“Yeah,” Hermione replied with a wide grin.

 

Draco returned her grin and pulled her in for a hug, “I’m proud of you, Hermione.”

 

Hermione smiled into the embrace and said, “Thanks Draco. I had better go and write a letter to my Mum. She’ll want to know how I did in my exams.”

 

“I’m going to floo Longbottom House,” Harry said as he sipped from his coffee and walked towards the fireplace, “I want to know how Nev and Lil got on.”

 

“When you’re done, can I floo Theo?” Draco asked, “I hope he didn’t flunk Herbology after that incident with the Venomous Tentacula, he needs an E to get into the process.”

 

“I’m sure he scraped by,” Harry chuckled, “But yeah, you can use the floo as soon as I’m finished.”

 

He knelt in front of the fireplace and threw some floo powder in then he said in a loud, clear voice, “Longbottom House.”

 

The floo whirred to life, and Harry dipped his head inside it. For a brief moment until Neville allowed him access all Harry could see was the inside of a chimney. After that though the kitchen of Longbottom House came into view.

 

“Have you had your post this morning?” Harry asked eagerly.

 

Lilly was pottering around making breakfast, and Neville was sitting at the kitchen table, close to the fireplace.

 

He grinned at his best friend, “You mean, have I read this?”

 

Harry nodded eagerly, “How did you do? Are you in?”

 

“I’m in,” Neville said cheerfully, “And I did way better than I thought. I got three O’s and three E’s.”

 

“Well done, mate!” Harry said proudly, “I’m in too! I scraped an A in Divination, but apart from that I got E’s and O’s too.”

 

“How did the others do?” Neville asked as he nibbled on a piece of toast.

 

“Draco got one E and the rest O’s,” Harry replied, “Hermione got O’s across the board and Daph got an E in Herbology but an O in everything else. How about you, Lil? Are you going to be running around after us Aurors?”

 

Lilly turned around and grinned at him, “You bet I am.”

 

“She only went and got O’s across the board,” Neville said with a ridiculously proud smile, “I wouldn’t want anyone else stitching me up.”

 

“Me either,” Harry admitted.

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Aw you guys, you’re making me blush!” she joked.

 

Harry laughed loudly, “Anyway, I better get off the floo. Draco wants to floo Theo and Sadie to find out how they did.”

 

“I’ll give it half an hour before I floo then,” Neville said, “And I can’t wait until Saturday.”

 

“Neither can I,” Harry admitted, “See you later, Nev!”

 

“See you, Harry!”

 

He pulled his head out of the floo and cut the connection.

 

“So? How did they do?” Daphne asked expectantly.

 

“Well Neville’s going to be coming to the process with us this weekend, and Lil is going to be stitching us up,” Harry chirped, “They both aced their exams.”

 

“That’s great!” Daphne said as Draco walked towards the fireplace, “I just hope Theo and Sadie have done as well.”

 

“I don’t think it’s Sadie we need to worry about,” Draco said. He threw some floo powder into the fireplace and knelt in front of it, “11 Grimmauld Place, London.”

 

“I’m sure Theo has done fine,” Daphne said.

 

Draco looked a little sceptical as the floo whirred to life, but before he could say anything else, he had dipped his head into the fire. Like when Harry had floo-ed Neville, there was a moment when Draco’s head was in limbo somewhere in the chimney of the house. However, once Sadie or Theo had accepted the call and allowed access, their sparkling new kitchen materialised before him.

 

“Good morning Draco,” Theo chirped, “Why ever could you be calling so early this fine Monday morning?”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “You know why I’m calling, you idiot. Please tell me you passed your exams.”

 

“You almost sound desperate,” Theo grinned.

 

“Well surprisingly, I’d kind of like to have my best friend as my Auror partner,” Draco said sarcastically.

 

“Aw, how cute!” Sadie teased as she poked her head out of the pantry, “We don’t have any eggs, honey. Do you want a bacon and sausage muffin instead?”

 

“That sounds amazing babe,” Theo called over his shoulder. He turned back to Draco and said, “Don’t worry mate, I scraped through like I always do.”

 

“What did you get?” Draco asked curiously after he had blown out a sigh of relief, of course.

 

“O’s across the board with two notable exceptions,” Theo said in amusement, “Guess which two?”

 

“Astronomy and Muggle Studies?” Draco chuckled.

 

“Got it in one, brother,” Theo grinned, “I got an E in Astronomy which is a miracle, I think it’s cause Sinistra fancies me.”

 

Draco snorted.

 

“And I got an A in Muggle Studies,” Theo said, “That’s just chance I reckon. The exam was mostly multiple choice.”

 

“Oh shut up,” Draco said, he smiled fondly at his best friend, “I know you stayed up late to study. What I’m more impressed with is the fact you got an O in Herbology.”

 

“Yeah me too,” Theo admitted with a grin, “I don’t reckon it counted against me since the exam was technically finished.”

 

Draco chuckled, and Theo grinned, “How did you guys all do?”

 

“We’re all going to the process on Saturday,” Draco said happily, “Harry and Neville got a mix of O’s and E’s. I got an E in Transfiguration but aced everything else, Daph got an E in Herbology but O’s in the rest of her classes and-”

 

“- and the Princess got O’s across the board,” Theo finished.

 

Draco laughed, “Yeah, and she would kill you if she heard you call her that.”

 

“Good thing she can’t hear me then,” Theo grinned.

 

“Lil got O’s across the board too,” Draco said, “So she’ll be stitching us up when we get into stupid situations.”

 

“Wicked,” Theo grinned, “Sadie got 6 O’s and an E in DADA, so she’s chuffed to bits. It looks like everyone is going to get into the courses that they wanted to get into.”

 

“It’s a miracle,” Draco laughed, “Anyway, I better get back. Harry and I have been duelling every day to try and train ourselves for the process.”

 

“Do you mind if I pop over later to join in for a bit?” Theo asked, “I think a couple of weeks of lazing on beaches and eating fattening food has made me lose my touch .”

 

Draco snorted in amusement, “Sure, see you later mate.”

 

 

“Honey?”

 

Hermione looked up suspiciously, “You never call me honey.”

 

“Sometimes I do,” Draco argued, “I mean I have, once or twice, haven’t I?”

 

“No,” Hermione said as she narrowed her eyes at him, “What do you want?”

 

“Nothing!” Draco said a little too quickly, and a little too defensively, “I just wanted to talk to you about the house.”

 

“Have you heard anything else about it?” Hermione asked hopefully, “I know they only went in there on Monday, so they have only had a few days to look around, but I was hoping they might be done soon.”

 

“They won’t be,” Draco admitted, “I did talk to them this morning. They have cleared the attic and removed the house-elves heads from the staircase. They originally thought it would be a three-day job, but they didn’t realise quite how stubborn Walburga Black is. They found a secret door into another part of the basement too, so that needs to be investigated.”

 

“Why? What’s inside it?” Hermione asked anxiously.

 

“I don’t know,” Draco said honestly, “They wouldn’t tell me over the floo, but it’s all going to be in their oral report when they finish on Friday.”

 

“Friday?” Hermione asked irritably, “That means we won’t get any work done before you go off to the Auror Training Process on Saturday! I mean, what can I even do while I’m waiting for you to install the electricity?”

 

“I don’t know,” Draco replied honestly, “And I am not installing the electricity so that you know. I spoke to Harry, and he told me that the best idea was to get a Muggle electrician in to do it.”

 

“Great!” Hermione snapped, “It will take weeks then!”

 

“Would you rather I killed myself playing with bloody muggle cables?” Draco asked her, just as irritably.

 

Hermione shot him a glare, “No.”

 

“Then don’t complain about how long it will take him to do it,” Draco said matter of factly, and perhaps a little smugly, “But look, that wasn’t what I wanted to talk to you about. I’ve been thinking about how we’re going to manage things once we move in, things like the housework.”

 

Hermione narrowed her eyes at him again, “Right?”

 

“And I know that you’re against house-elves but what if we got someone else in to help?” Draco asked.

 

“Someone else?” Hermione asked cautiously, “What do you mean?”

 

“Someone human,” Draco said tentatively, “A cook.”

 

“A cook?” Hermione asked in that high-pitched voice that meant she was trying not to lose her temper, “Look Draco, I know my cooking might not be the best, but I will not have you employ a cook in our household!”

 

“I would pay her. It would be fair unlike with house-elves,” Draco said quickly.

 

“I don’t want servants!” Hermione snapped, “We are not bloody Victorians! Why can’t you just do the cooking when we have guests and let me cook using the microwave?”

 

“I have no idea what this microwave thing is,” Draco said, “And how is it fair that I am the one to cook every time we have all of our friends over? Harry, Theo and Neville don’t cook; they have house elves!”

 

“How many times do I need to tell you? I will not have a house-elf!”

 

Draco sighed heavily and reached into his pocket, “Then maybe you should think about this. I would pay for it for you, and it only takes an afternoon.”

 

Hermione snatched the pink leaflet from him and looked down at the front page, “You cannot be fucking serious.”

 

When Hermione started swearing Draco knew that he had pissed her off, “There’s no shame in-”

 

“No shame?” Hermione shrieked, this was it. She had blown her top, the shouting was about to commence, “You just gave me a leaflet titled “Becoming the Ultimate Housewife”, you’re lucky I haven’t blasted you into the bloody wall! If you wanted a housewife and a house-elf and a woman to fill with heirs, then you shouldn’t have proposed to me! No house elves, no cooks and no fucking courses on how to be a perfect housewife!”

 

“Hermione-” Draco tried to cut in as she stormed in the direction of the door.

 

“You heard me, Draco!” Hermione roared. Before Draco could say anymore, Hermione had swept out of the room. He heard her stomp through the house and after a minute or so he heard the front door slam with a thud. It was at that point that he let out a long-suffering sigh and dropped his head into his hands.

 

 

“Uh…hi Hermione.”

 

“Hi Lilly,” Hermione said irritably, “Do you mind if I stay here for a bit? If I go back to Potter Manor, I think I might murder my fiancé.”

 

“He didn’t tell you to go on the domestic course, did he?” Lilly asked with a grimace as she stepped back so that Hermione could walk into the house.

 

Hermione stomped into the entrance hall of Longbottom house and thrust a leaflet at her friend, “This bloody thing you mean?”

 

Lilly made a face, “Oh dear…I think you should come to the kitchen; you need a cup of tea.”

 

Hermione nodded and followed Lilly through the entrance hall into the kitchen. Longbottom House was significantly smaller than Potter Manor, it only had two floors, but those two floors were very spacious. The second floor was filled with eight bedrooms and plenty of bathrooms. The first floor sported a large formal dining room, a living room, a library/study, a lovely big bathroom and a beautiful country style kitchen with an attached pantry and cloakroom.

 

Neville had also extended down into the basement which gave them slightly more living space. Half of the basement was unusable due to flood damage that had occurred while the house was empty. However, the area underneath the kitchen and library had been converted into a cinema room kitted out with a projector, and a smaller bar/sitting room.

 

Hermione’s favourite thing about the house wasn’t inside though; she loved the terrace that ran the length of the front of the house. Longbottom House looked great from the outside. It was whitewashed and grand looking like Potter Manor.

 

The terrace had the most beautiful views out over the gardens (which of course were kitted out with a pond and a large vegetable plot). Longbottom House had a different feel from Potter Manor and the Grimmauld Place houses because it was further away from London. It felt far more like a country retreat and the fact that the views from every single window were of Exmoor National Park just completed that feel.

 

“Oh, that looks lovely Tokey,” Lilly said kindly to the house-elf that was pottering away in the kitchen.

 

The elf turned its large hazel eyes on Lilly and smiled broadly, “Thank you, Miss Lilly! Mister Neville says chicken hotpot is your favourite!”

 

Lilly smiled, “It is, and that smells much better than my Grandma’s.”

 

The elf blushed and bowed lowly, “Thank you ever so much, Miss Lilly. Is Miss Lilly wanting Tokey to fetch tea?”

 

“No, I’ll get the tea,” Lilly said with a wave of her hand as she popped the kettle on the stove, “Did Neville tell you where he went this morning Tokey?”

 

“Yes, Miss Lilly,” Tokey said with a fervent nod, “He said he was training with Mr Potter.”

 

“Ah,” Lilly said with a nod, “Okay, thanks Tokey.”

 

Hermione had been watching this exchange with mild interest. She had seen many people treat house-elves like scum, and she had seen many people treat them like they were slaves. However, she had never seen someone treat a house elf like a human, like a friend, until now.

 

“So,” Lilly said as she put some tea leaves in a pot and turned to face Hermione, “Draco had the conversation about ‘the help’ with you.”

 

“How did you know about that?” Hermione asked as she tore her eyes away from Tokey.

 

“He asked for my advice,” Lilly said with an amused smile, “He wanted the opinion of a muggle-born on how you would suggest to another muggle-born that they really ought to consider a house-elf or a domestic training course.”

 

“And you agreed with him?” Hermione asked in disbelief.

 

“No, I told him you would curse his bollocks off if he tried to suggest either,” Lilly said matter of factly, “Clearly he didn’t listen.”

 

“Clearly,” Hermione fumed, “I mean, have you even looked at this thing?”

 

Lilly glanced curiously at the leaflet and snorted. The front page had a picture of a young, pretty witch smiling angelically. She winked at them from the cover as the title sparkled above her, “Becoming the Ultimate Housewife.”

 

“Just a touch sexist,” Lilly said sarcastically.

 

“It gets worse,” Hermione said as she flipped the leaflet open to show Lilly the two page spread about this afternoon course.

 

Lilly shook her head in disbelief as she read aloud, “We can teach you in just three hours how to become the perfect housewife! Our course teaches basic cooking and cleaning charms that will leave your house sparkling and your husband smiling!”

 

“Do you know what it reminds me of?” Hermione asked angrily, “Around the time of World War One, do you remember all the promotional posters about how women could help the war effort by rationing and about how their place was in the home while their husbands fought?”

 

“Yeah, it does have a certain early 20th-century sexism feel to it,” Lilly admitted, “I mean this last page about the oath of the perfect housewife is total bullshit. Have you read it?”

 

“I didn’t get that far,” Hermione admitted, “I stormed out of the house before I could do something I would have regretted in the morning.”

 

Lilly snorted in amusement, “Listen to this. I believe that homemaking is a noble and challenging career.

 

I believe that homemaking is an art requiring many different skills.

 

I believe that homemaking requires the best of my efforts, my abilities and my thinking.

 

I believe that no task is too humble that contributes to the cleanliness, the order, the health and the wellbeing of the household.

 

I believe that a homemaker must be true to the highest ideals of love, loyalty and service.

 

I believe that a home must be an influence for good in the neighbourhood, the community and the country.”

 

“Is that the biggest load of pureblood bullshit you have ever heard or what?” Hermione asked as the kettle screeched to a boil.

 

Lilly scoffed as she poured out the tea, “It sounds exactly like the kind of crap they teach pureblood girls to prepare them for marriage. I mean Daphne and Sadie both went to finishing school, did you know that?”

 

“I knew that Daphne did,” Hermione admitted, “But I didn’t realise that Sadie had too.”

 

“Their mothers paid for them to go and spend a summer learning how to curtsey and dance,” Lilly said in disbelief, “They were taught how to use silverware properly and the most elegant way to drink out of a wine glass. All for what? So they would attract a rich husband?”

 

“I think that’s exactly why,” Hermione said as Lilly set a cup of tea down in front of her.

 

“Well I suppose their mothers must be happy then,” Lilly mused, “I mean Theo’s family own houses in practically every country in Europe. Between farming rare forms of Gillyweed and running a firewhiskey distillery, they are loaded.”

 

“And Harry has lots of money,” Hermione said with a nod, “He has Potter Manor and all of the money in the Potter family account. Mind you; Daphne didn’t need a man with money, did she? Her father ran the biggest shipping business in Britain. He shipped wands to Japan and firewhiskey to Canada.”

 

“And he shipped in illegal immigrants and black market products too,” Lilly said darkly, “He was always in trouble with the law. That’s where all the Greengrass money came from, crime.”

 

“What about Sadie?” Hermione asked with a frown, “Her family made their money through legitimate means, didn’t they?”

 

Lilly shrugged, “I don’t know whether you could call it legitimate. Her father invented the sneakoscope,

 which is where all of their money came from, but rumour has it that he stole the idea from a German wizard and then erased his memory.”

 

“We should have introduced him to Lockhart,” Hermione joked.

 

Lilly laughed and sipped her tea, “It’s funny though, isn’t it? Sadie and Daphne ended up with everything their parents wanted, but neither of us set out to find a rich man and make him our husband.”

 

“No,” Hermione agreed thoughtfully, “But that’s because it isn’t about that, is it? We fell in love and then everything else came after that. Sometimes it’s an issue that Draco grew up with a mother who was a housewife, and a house-elf to do all of their cooking for them and I grew up with two parents who worked and fed me on microwave meals and microchips.”

 

“Oh, I loved microchips,” Lilly admitted with a smile, “And I do get it, you know? It’s not quite the same with Nev and I because he had a fairly similar upbringing to me. It was just him and his gran, they had money, but Augusta didn’t really use it. She bought what they needed, and they got by just fine.”

 

“How about you?” Hermione asked, “Did both of your parent’s work?”

 

Lilly nodded, “My Dad worked away a lot because he was an entertainer. He used to go on tours and be gone for weeks at a time so most of the time it was Mum and me. My mum worked in a care home, so she worked long unsociable hours. I got pretty good at being my own company.”

 

Hermione nodded thoughtfully, “The thing is, it’s not that my family don’t have any money. My parents are paid well with both of them being dentists, I grew up in a nice house, and we went on holiday to France every year, you know? It’s just that we didn’t have servants.”

 

“I think that’s just a pureblood thing,” Lilly said honestly, “I mean let’s face it, in the muggle world you don’t have servants unless you’re a lord or a lady, but here everyone with a decent sized house and a seat on the Wizengamot has a house elf. It’s going back to that whole ‘the wizarding world is so Victorian thing’ though. A hundred years ago, it wouldn’t be uncommon for most well off families to have a house full of servants.”

 

“Still,” Hermione said as her eyes lingered on Tokey’s back as the elf disappeared into the pantry, “Do you really think it’s right?”

 

Lilly bit her lip, “I know your opinion, Hermione, I heard all about your elvish protection welfare society-”

 

“Society for the Promotion of Elvish Welfare,” Hermione corrected quickly.

 

“Yeah,” Lilly said sheepishly, “And I understand what you’re trying to prove with that. The thing is, house-elves don’t think they need any more rights.”

 

“That’s because they don’t know any better!” Hermione exclaimed, “They are slaves, Lilly! They don’t get paid, that makes them slaves.”

 

“Does it really, though?” Lilly asked calmly, “Compare the situation with an old fashioned muggle one. There would be a big muggle household with a lord and a lady. They would entertain royal guests and the like, yes?”

 

Hermione narrowed her eyes but nodded, “What does this have to do with house-elves?”

 

“I’m getting to it,” Lilly said, “That house would always be close to a village. What would the people in that village do? Well sure some of them would run a pub or an inn. Some of them would have a trade but then what about the poorer of them? They would be employed on the farms that the people in the big house owned. Then what about the rest? The women who weren’t allowed to farm?”

 

“I get what you’re saying Lilly, but it’s a different situation,” Hermione said, “The girls who worked as servants were paid.”

 

“They were paid the most minimal fee,” Lilly argued, “In return for their service they got a room in the big house, they got three square meals a day and the most meagre pay. It was enough to take back to elderly parents and just help them get by, but that was all it was. Their pay was their board and their food, how is that any different to a house-elf?”

 

“House-elves don’t get any pay at all,” Hermione replied, “They don’t get any holiday. They don’t even get to wear proper clothes.”

 

“Tokey doesn’t wear a ragged old pillowcase,” Lilly pointed out, “She has several, and I wash them every day for her. I don’t force her to do anything that she’s uncomfortable with. She doesn’t clean the basement because it scares her and I’m totally fine with that. I do everything that I can, I won’t ask her to do something if I can do it myself but at the same time, having someone to keep a big house like this clean and to cook when Neville and myself are busy is really handy.”

 

Hermione sighed, “I know you treat her right and trust me, I am not trying to imply that all wizards treat their house-elves like slaves, but some do, and that isn’t right.”

 

“It isn’t,” Lilly agreed, “And by all means, try and change that. Try and find a way for house-elves to leave their master's service if they are being mistreated, but you cannot try and free all house-elves Hermione. For them it’s just like serving the lord and lady in the big house, you know the way that a girl’s mother would recommend her to the lady when she was looking for a new maid because she had been a maid at the house and her mother had been a cook? That’s how it is for house-elves. It’s an honour to serve the family that their ancestors served.”

 

Hermione sighed deeply, “I just can’t see it that way.”

 

“Well think about it this way then,” Lilly said matter of factly, “You’ve seen that person who desperately wants work dragging themselves into the jobcentre day after day haven’t you? Even someone like you with a privileged background knows how sad and desperate that person looks.”

 

Hermione only nodded.

 

“That is a house-elf who doesn’t have a family to serve,” Lilly said, “A house-elves health is tied to their family. Serving a family makes them happy and healthy. When they don’t have that they have no purpose, and there is nothing more pitiful than seeing a depressed house-elf in that state.”

 

Hermione frowned to herself as she remembered Winky’s mental breakdown after she had been freed by the Crouch family.

 

“You would be doing a house elf a favour by bringing them into your home, making them a part of your family and treating them well,” Lilly said honestly, “You would be doing them an injustice by refusing to employ one and trying to force that upon others.”

 

Hermione looked up at her friend, “Is that really how it works?”

 

Lilly nodded, “Talk to Draco about it. That house is going to be yours as much as it is his so if going to meet the house-elf that the agency pair you with will help you then do it. Don’t leave it all to Draco, go with him and meet the house-elf. I think it might just change your opinion. If it doesn’t, that’s fine but at least that way you can say that you tried to do things his way.”

 

Hermione sighed again as she pushed herself to her feet, “Alright, I will. How does it work, being paired with a house-elf?”

 

“You go to The House Elf Allocation Agency in London,” Lilly explained, “They ask you about your requirements first of all. It’s simple stuff like the size of your house and the services you require of your house-elf because some have specialist skills.”

 

“Like?” Hermione asked curiously.

 

“There are more mature elves who are great at keeping an eye out if you have young children,” Lilly replied, “And there are young elves who make good playmates for young children if you don’t have many other friends with children. Some elves are particularly good at cooking, and other elves can cook, but their speciality is cleaning. They don’t ask you any super personal questions. They just want to get an idea about what kind of house-elf would fit in with you best.”

 

“Then what?” Hermione asked.

 

“They pair you up with an elf,” Lilly replied, “You get to meet the elf and talk to them. When we met Tokey, we instantly knew we would take her in. She had been cast out by an abusive family, they wouldn’t tell us who because of confidentiality issues, and she just wanted a quiet life. I asked if she would mind doing a bit of cooking and cleaning in a big house and she got upset because she didn’t think she could handle a big house all by herself. I didn’t realise that this doesn’t count as a big house in the wizarding world, she had come from a five-story wizarding manor.”

 

“Ah,” Hermione said with a slight smile.

 

“So this was like a retirement home for her,” Lilly said with a smile, “I liked her personality straight away so we said we would take her on and she has fitted in just great.”

 

“So you can go and meet the elf, then change your mind?” Hermione asked carefully.

 

Lilly nodded again, “If you meet the elf and still think that it’s wrong, then you are under no obligation to take that elf or any elf on.”

 

“Okay,” Hermione said with a small nod, “I’ll talk to Draco about it.”

 

Lilly smiled at her friend, “Good, I think the two of you would struggle without an elf. You’re both going to have such busy full-on careers after all.”

 

Hermione nodded once more, “Thanks for all of your help Lilly.”

 

“Anytime,” Lilly said cheerfully.

 

 

“Who are you, and what have you done with Hermione Granger?”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes and let her hands rest on her hips, “You heard what I said.”

 

“I heard it,” Draco agreed, “I’m not convinced the words ‘let’s consider a house-elf’ came from your lips. Have you been imperiused? Has someone polyjuiced into you?”

 

Hermione glared at him, “Draco, I’m serious. We need to talk about this.”

 

Draco raised his hands, “Okay, I’m listening. My fiancé, who has sworn blind since she was fifteen that she would never own a house-elf, has just suggested that we consider owning a house-elf.”

 

Hermione sighed and sank into an armchair, “Lilly gave me a different perspective on it. She suggested that I would be doing house-elves more harm than good by keeping them out of work. I am not saying that we should get one either, all I’m saying is that it wouldn’t hurt to go down to the agency and give it a go, would it?”

 

Draco stared at her speechlessly.

 

“I mean we could do the whole pairing test and meet the elf they pair us with,” Hermione continued, “And if I still feel like it’s wrong then we will have to come up with another solution but if Lilly’s right and I end up feeling sorry for the house-elf and wanting to take it in, then we will. Won’t we?”

 

“Uh…yeah,” Draco said with a frown.

 

“Are you okay with that plan?” Hermione asked slowly.

 

Draco nodded as he caught her eye, “I’m fine with it. I’m just amazed that Lilly managed to change your mind.”

 

“She didn’t change my mind,” Hermione said, “She just gave me a different perspective.”

 

Draco nodded again, “Alright, when do you want to do this?”

 

“Once we actually have access to the house,” Hermione replied, “You need to focus on getting through the selection process first so let’s start thinking about it seriously next week, okay?”

 

“Okay,” Draco said, he shook his head in disbelief as he turned away from her. He was stunned that she had taken such a drastic U-turn in a mere matter of hours.

 

 

Harry was pleasantly surprised when his old best friend appeared on his doorstep on Friday morning, “Hey Ron!”

 

Ron smiled, “Hey, mate. Can I come in?”

 

“Sure,” Harry said, he stepped back, “Is everything okay?”

 

“Nah, there’s family drama,” Ron said with a roll of his eyes, “I’m here to warn you before you have to face it all on Sunday.”

 

“Oh,” Harry frowned, “Well, I’m not going to the Burrow on Sunday. it’s the selection process for Auror training this weekend.”

 

“Ah, damn,” Ron muttered, “Shit, mate, I didn’t realise.”

 

“It’s alright, but Daphne and Hermione were planning on taking Teddy so you should probably come and fill them in on the family drama,” Harry said in amusement, “Who was it?”

 

“Take a guess,” Ron snorted as they walked into the kitchen where Draco, Hermione and Daphne were sitting around the dining table.

 

“It’ll be Gin then?” Harry guessed.

 

Ron nodded, “Yep, it was Gin alright.”

 

“Oh, dear,” Hermione said, “What’s happened?”

 

“Family drama,” Harry said, pushing himself up onto the work surface, “Ron’s here to fill us in before we have to face Molly’s wrath on Sunday. Good thing you and I are busy, eh Draco?”

 

Hermione threw a bit of toast at him, “Shut up, Harry. What happened, Ron?”

 

“Ginny and Mum fought,” Ron explained, “One hell of a fight according to Dad. She said some bad stuff, and Mum said some bad stuff. Then Ginny moved in with the Zabini’s.”

 

“Oh shit,” Draco muttered.

 

“Shut up,” Daphne muttered back, “Why does this involve us having to face Molly’s wrath, Ron?”

 

“Because some things came out in the course of the argument,” Ron said sheepishly, “I think the wording was along the lines of, ‘Harry spent the war shagging Hermione while we were supposed to be waiting for each other and that’s why I didn’t marry him’.”

 

“Well…shit,” Harry muttered.

 

Hermione sighed, “And I gather she’s not happy about that then?”

 

“She’s outraged,” Ron rolled his eyes, “Even though it’s none of her bloody business.”

 

“Thanks for the heads up, mate,” Harry said with a genuine smile, “But I reckon Hermione can take your mum on.”

 

“Do you?” Hermione snorted.

 

“Oh I’ll back you up,” Daphne assured her, “I spent the war shagging the guy who knocked her daughter up, remember? She tries it on you, and I’ll pull that one out, and she can go to town on me, I’ll give as good as I get.”

 

Harry grinned at her, “You’re a great friend, you know that?”

 

“You’d have made a great Hufflepuff,” Draco said, smirking at her.

 

“Say that again, and I’ll hex you into next week,” Daphne said, pointing at her friend.

 

Draco raised his hands, “I’m saying nothing. Thanks for the heads up, Weasel. Your mum does need to lighten up a bit though, doesn’t she? I mean, I thought my family were conservative.”

 

“Your family are conservative,” Daphne scoffed, “Your Grandfather and Theo’s Grandfather were gay as fuck for each other, but it was all covered up. Anyone who stepped out of line was just disowned and banished from the family tree.”

 

“Yeah, good point,” Draco mused, “But I reckon this generation is going to be different. I’d be okay with my kids being gay.”

 

“Well, I am very liberal,” Hermione began to say.

 

“Yes, we know,” Harry cut in. He shot Ron an amused look, “Does anyone in this room need an example of how liberal Hermione’s political views are? Nope? No? Thank fuck for that.”

 

At this, Hermione got up and hit Harry over the head with her newspaper.

 

Ron guffawed with laughter at the sight.

 

“Some things never change,” Harry muttered as he glared at Hermione.

 

“Nah, and that’s a good thing,” Ron chuckled.

 

 

“Lillian Moon, you are the mistress of persuasion.”

 

Lilly turned around and raised an eyebrow at Draco, “Do I need to be worried that you’re trying to seduce me?”

 

“He better not be,” Neville said from his spot next to Lilly, “Or I will kill him.”

 

“Don’t worry fatbottom, I’m not trying to seduce your girlfriend,” Draco said dryly, “I’m just amazed that she managed to convince my fiancé to consider owning a house-elf.”

 

Lilly smirked at the blond boy, “I can be very persuasive when I want to be. I can also be very dangerous so remember that before you come into my infirmary with stupid injuries.”

 

Neville grinned at her, “I like it when you get authoritative.”

 

Draco groaned, “That’s more about your sex life than I ever needed to know.”

 

“Hurry up, Hermione!” Harry shouted from further along the second row. They were all gathered in the cinema room in the basement of Longbottom House. It was Friday evening, and they had decided to get together and enjoy film night to take their minds off their worry about the Auror Training Selection Process.

 

“Yeah, the movie is starting!” Daphne called up the stairs.

 

“Oh hush, I’m here,” Hermione said as she appeared with a large bowl filled with sweet snacks. She divided it into several smaller bowls then slipped into her seat next to Draco. She was utterly oblivious to the conversation that had just occurred.

 

“So what are we watching tonight?” Hermione asked.

 

“It’s called “Braveheart”, and it was Theo’s choice so blame him if it’s shit,” Neville replied.

 

“What’s it about?” Draco asked.

 

“You’ll find out if you watch it,” Theo replied sarcastically.

 

Draco rolled his eyes, but he fell silent as they all settled in to watch the film. They were all enjoying it well enough until….

 

“Hold up, pause it!”

 

Neville rolled his eyes but paused the film at Draco’s request, “What’s the problem ferret?”

 

Hermione hid an amused smile as Draco pointed at the screen, “What is that?”

 

“What?”

 

“That white thing in the background!”

 

“It’s a white van,” Hermione replied, “It’s a muggle form of transport usually used by builders and tradesmen.”

 

“What’s it doing on a 13th-century battlefield then?” Draco asked in disbelief.

 

“This film wasn’t made in the 13th century Draco,” Harry said in amusement, “It was made later, and the people filming it didn’t notice that there was a white van in the background until it was too late.”

 

Draco scoffed and shook his head, “What a continuity error,” he complained.

 

“Alright, I’m getting the impression that you’re not happy about the white van. Can I put the film back on now?” Neville asked as he shot Lilly a vaguely amused look.

 

Draco rolled his eyes once more and allowed Neville to put the film back on. They watched in silence for a few more minutes until Neville asked curiously, “What is this battle anyway?”

 

“Oh, it’s the Battle of Stirling Bridge,” Theo replied nonchalantly.

 

Draco narrowed his eyes, “Where’s the bridge?”

 

“What?”

 

“The Battle of Stirling Bridge must have been fought on a bridge,” Draco pointed out, “They don’t call it the Battle of Hogwarts because it was fought in Hogsmeade, do they?”

 

“Merlin Draco, you take everything so literally,” Hermione groaned.

 

“Well if you’re going to make a film based on real-life events you need to at least make it properly!” Draco objected.

 

“Nothing about this film is right, that’s why it’s hilarious,” Lilly pointed out, “I mean does Mel Gibson sound Scottish to you? He’s a bloody Aussie!”

 

“Honestly,” Draco scoffed under his breath.

 

“Stop muttering under your breath, or I’m going to silence you for the rest of the movie,” Susan piped up from the row behind them where she had been sitting, rather silently, with Percy.

 

Draco rolled his eyes irritably, but he did try and refrain from making such comments for the remainder of the film. Although the others commented on things like the fact Edward I was a dickhead and that the love story between William Wallace and the prince of England’s wife was totally unbelievable.

 

When they reached the end of the movie, they all headed upstairs into the kitchen. Nobody really wanted to go home yet because it was still early and they were having a good night.

 

“I’ll go into the storeroom and get another keg of butterbeer,” Theo had offered as the group shuffled out of the cinema and headed upwards. Nobody thought any more of it than that until the basement door burst open and Theo ran into the room wearing nothing but his boxers, with blue paint all over his face and his body screaming at the top of his lungs, “FREEEEEEDOOOOOOM!”

 

As their mad friend streaked across the kitchen of Longbottom House, Draco summed up how he, Harry and Neville were all feeling.

 

“For the love of Merlin, we’re going to have to share a room with him for the next 24 hours.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


“Are you nervous?”

 

Draco shuffled from one foot onto the other and looked up at his friends as they waited in line in a large grey foyer, “We all are, aren’t we? War heroes or not.”

 

Neville nodded as they all took a step forward. They had been waiting in line for about ten minutes with everyone else who would be going through the Auror selection process today.

 

“I didn’t think there would be this many people,” Theo admitted.

 

Harry glanced around the foyer thoughtfully, “Neither did I, but I suppose that this is the hard bit, isn’t it? A lot of people can get the required grades, but not everyone can prove they can handle the pressure.”

 

Draco swallowed harder than he needed to and nodded as they all took another step forward. They were almost at the front of the cue now, “Yeah, there isn’t even any guarantee that all four of us are going to meet the mark.”

 

“Try to stop worrying,” Harry said quietly, “If you doubt yourself, then they’re going to doubt you too. We all know you can do this and I think deep down you do too.”

 

Before Draco could comment any further on this, they had reached the front of the line, and he was the first to walk forward. He gave his name and his date of birth then he was given a badge and told to head into the lecture hall down the corridor. As Draco walked away, Harry, Neville and Theo each stepped forward and were given name badges and told the same thing.

 

They filed into the lecture hall one by one. Draco had saved seats in the front row, everyone who had come in before them had instinctively opted for the back or middle row and they had been towards the end of the line. Nobody in the hall was talking; they were all sitting in uncomfortable silence as they looked around for any sign of the people who could become their superiors.

 

After Theo had taken his seat, the main door to the hall slammed shut, which made some people in the back row jump. Harry resisted the urge to roll his eyes as a side door at the front of the room opened and two men clad in Auror robes walked in.

 

“Good morning!” One of the men boomed. He was tall and stocky with greying black hair and a somewhat intimidating scar across his face. The other Auror was a man with dark brown hair who looked a little younger, scrawnier and shorter than his colleague.

 

“My name is Auror Sumner, and this is my colleague, Auror Sheppard,” Sumner continued in his loud, clear voice, “And I would like to welcome you all to our selection process.”

 

Sheppard stepped forward and continued, “Over the course of the next 48 hours you will be put through your paces. If you don’t come out of this weekend feeling black and blue, then we consider ourselves to have failed you.”

 

“We want the best,” Sumner added, “We don’t get the best by giving you written tests and looking at your grades. We push people to their limits, and the ones who don’t break are the ones we want.”

 

Sheppard surveyed the room full of people, “Normally about fifteen candidates get to this stage, and we then cut that number down to five.

 

“But we’ve had a war since then,” Sumner said, “So we loosened up our entry requirements last year, and we extended that offer this year. Last year we had 33 people throw their hats into the ring and war heroes or not; we only took on eight of them.”

 

“This year there are 34 of you,” Sheppard continued, “And we’ll be surprised if we take on double figures. Auror training in this country is the hardest to get into throughout Europe, and there’s a reason for that. The people who are selected after this weekend are going to become responsible for the security of our country. They are going to be the ones fighting the next Grindelwald, or the next Voldemort. That is not something that we take lightly, it’s hard for a reason, and if you can’t hack it now, then you’ll never be able to hack it.”

 

“With that being said, does anyone want to leave?” Sumner asked.

 

Harry turned around and looked at those in the rows behind. There was some shuffling, but nobody moved from their seats.

 

“Good,” Sumner said as he clapped his hands together, “Right then, let me explain to you how we’re going to do this. We are going to split you into two groups and test you on three different areas that are essential in our line of work.”

 

“Those three areas are your physical abilities, your magical abilities and your mental capabilities,” Sheppard said as he ticked each one off on his fingers, “We’ll be testing your physical and magical abilities today then we give you a night to recover before we test your mental capabilities tomorrow.”

 

“We used to test candidates on all three in one day,” Sumner added, “But we had too many candidates passing out by the time we got to the final set of tests, so we decided to change the formula a little bit.”

 

“That doesn’t mean any of this is any easier though,” Sheppard reminded them.

 

Sumner nodded, “So everyone in the front row is going to be in group one with me. You six in the middle row there, you’re with me too.”

 

“The back row and the rest of the middle row,” Sheppard addressed, “You’re going to be in group two with me.”

 

“No more chit-chat!” Sumner said, “I want you on your feet. My group first, follow me, and we’ll get started.”

 

The front row and half of the middle row got up and followed Sumner out of the room by the side door. They emerged into a grey corridor that looked reasonably similar to every other grey corridor in the Auror training complex, and they were led along it for a little while. They passed various classrooms on the way, and eventually, they seemed to reach their destination; it looked like a hospital waiting area.

 

The grey walls had become white, and the room was filled with uncomfortable looking armchairs. At the far end of the room, there were a series of doors labelled as “Testing Room 1” through to “Testing Room 5”.

 

“Alright, listen up!” Sumner called in his loud, booming voice.

 

The room instantly fell silent, “As you can see, we have five testing rooms. We’re going to test you on both your physical and magical ability, five candidates at a time. Each candidate will be assessed by a Senior Auror like myself and by a standard red robe. You won’t be able to see the Aurors assessing you but trust me; they can see your every move so if you try to cheat they will know. Now, like a lot of things in the wizarding world, these testing rooms are a lot bigger on the inside than they look on the outside. Once you go through that door, you will progress through a series of rooms. There is no time limit, and each room has a plaque that tells you what is expected of you. My best piece of advice is, read those plaques very carefully and ensure you understand exactly what is required of you before you start the task. Is that understood?”

 

There was a mumble of “Yes’s” and a series of nods.

 

Sumner continued, “Good. Now here is the crucial part, we have a different way of scoring each room, but every room that you are going to face today can be failed. If you fail a room, the Aurors assessing you will announce this, and you will be asked to leave. You will not get to proceed any further in the process, and only those of you who are left will be assessed on your mental capabilities tomorrow. Is that clear?”

 

There was another series of nods and mumbles.

 

“Right then, let’s get started!” Sumner barked, “When I call your name and your door number I want you to stand in front of your door, but I do not want you to enter that door until I say so!”

 

He clicked his fingers, and a list appeared in front of him.

 

“Agnew, Johnathon: Door 1.

Black, Draco: Door 2.

Carmichael, Eddie: Door 3.

Flanagan, Roisin: Door 4.

Harper, Maxwell: Door 5.”

 

Draco looked incredibly pale as he took his place in front of the door to testing room number 2. Lined up with him were another three men, (Maxwell had been a Slytherin that they had vaguely known throughout their eighth year) and a mousy, scared-looking woman.

 

“On the count of 3, you will enter the room, and your test will begin,” Sumner informed them, “3…2…1!”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


Draco’s heart was beating out of his chest as he pushed open that white door and stepped into the testing room. He took a breath to steady himself as he surveyed his surroundings. He had expected something a little more spectacular than a white room, but that was what he found himself standing in. The room was small and square, it looked completely ordinary at first glance, but once you looked closer, it became apparent that there were several holes in the walls.

 

Draco tried to force down his nerves as he looked at the plaque in front of him. It read;

 

“When you cross the line, stinging charms will be fired at you in quick succession. This test requires you to place your wand in the holder beneath this plaque. Should you be hit with 12 or more stinging charms, you will fail this room.”

 

Draco placed his wand nervously into the holder beneath the plaque. As he had expected the holder then retreated into the wooden base of the plaque which meant he wouldn’t get his wand back until he had either completed this room or failed it. The concept made him mildly nervous, he was good at shield charms, but this was a test of his reflexes. Without his wand, he had to solely rely on his senses and reflexes to avoid being hit by the stinging charms.

 

He glanced down at the red line on the floor and hesitated before crossing it. Draco wanted to think up a strategy before starting the room, but he knew that there wasn’t a strategy that would help him through this. He had to be able to listen for the hissing sound that signified that a spell was imminent, he had to be able to identify within less than a second where that spell was coming from then duck, jump or swerve.

 

So rather than trying to think up a strategy that he wasn’t sure would even work, he simply stepped over the line. Immediately he heard the tell-tale hissing sound and instinctively he jumped; it worked, and the spell shot under his legs. When he listened to the second hiss, he ducked, and the spell flew over his head. On the third hiss, he swerved to the side and narrowly avoided being hit by the spell. He quickly realised that every time he dodged a spell, the next one came just a little bit faster. All the same, Draco managed to rely on his sense of hearing for the first minute or so. At that point, the spells started to come out two at a time, which meant he had to duck to avoid one and throw himself across the floor to avoid the second, at the same time.

 

“Shit!” Draco cursed as he was hit by one of the spells for the first time. It stung like a bad burn at the point of contact, but he tried to ignore it so that he could concentrate on not being hit by anymore.

 

That final minute was far more difficult, and it seemed to drag on for a lot longer. Draco was beginning to see why Sumner and Sheppard had told them that they would be black and blue by the end of the weekend, he lost count of how many times he threw himself into a wall to avoid being hit by a stinging charm and this was only the first room out of Merlin knew how many. In the last 20 seconds, the spells began to shoot out at an even faster pace, and at that point, Draco was hit a further two times.

 

He breathed a huge sigh of relief when a loud click signified that the door opposite the one he had entered through had been unlocked. He picked himself up off of the ground and dusted himself off as he walked through the door into the second room. The door snapped shut loudly behind him, and Draco looked around at his surroundings in this very different looking room. It seemed like he was outside, the sky was blue, and the sun was shining brightly in the sky above. He knew, because of his fiancé’s extensive knowledge of Artificial Weather Charms, that this wasn’t real. He was still inside some sort of room, like the room of requirement, and it was generating this image.

 

Laid out on the field before him was some sort of assault course, it was huge, and it was laid out over hilly terrain. Draco was sure of one thing; it wasn’t going to be easy. The plaque before him read;

 

“When you cross the line, we will begin to time you from our observation area. This obstacle course will test every element of your physical strength, and if you fail to complete it within the 3-minute timescale, you will fail this room. You may use your wand, but only against any magical obstacles you come across, you will receive a 5-second penalty for using your wand for any other means.”

 

“3 minutes?” Draco muttered as a wooden drawer extended from beneath the plaque. He shook his head in disbelief as he took his wand and holstered it safely in a holster on the side of his leg. He looked out at the massive assault course and sighed. He was positive he would fail at this hurdle.

 

This was another task where no strategy would help him. He just had to attack every obstacle as fast as he could and hope that he managed to get through in less than 3 minutes.

 

The first obstacle was a set of three wooden hurdles which gradually got higher, so Draco took a running start. He darted over the red line and vaulted over all three sets of hurdles with ease. He kept the momentum going as he reached a low net that he knew he needed to crawl under. Unfortunately, it wasn’t just any old ground he needed to army crawl through; it was boggy and muddy, which meant he was going to get filthy.

 

All the same, he dropped to the ground and pulled himself through the mud. It was harder than it looked because the mud tried to pull him in, so he was fighting against it as he tried to pull himself through. When he reached the end and pulled himself up, he was already breathing heavily.

 

Draco ran forward to the next obstacle, and he could have groaned when he realised that he now needed to army crawl up a steep hill in a very narrow tunnel. He dropped to the ground once more and entered the tunnel; he was slippery because of the mud he had just traversed through, so he slipped and slid as he tried to pull himself up the steep incline. He managed it, even if he was exhausted by the time he reached the top.

 

Draco didn’t have time to take a breath, though. At the top of this incline, there was a relatively narrow wooden beam stretching across a ravine. There was nothing to hold onto and a very steep drop down into fast-flowing water if he was to slip.

 

He stepped onto the beam carefully and mumbled to himself, “This isn’t real. You won’t actually die if you fall.”

 

His words of reassurance didn’t make him feel much better. He kept his eyes forwards and avoided looking down. He put one foot in front of the other as carefully as he could. He amazed himself by getting across the beam without slipping once, and he breathed a sigh of relief as he ran towards the next obstacle.

 

Draco jumped onto a net and began to scale it with ease. When he reached the top, he climbed over and glanced down; it was a much more significant drop than it had been a climb. He knew he had to take a risk, though, and he had a split second in which to make his decision. He had been relatively slow in some of the sections he had just gone through, and he could see at least four obstacles in the distance ahead of him. If he climbed down this net carefully, then he definitely wouldn’t finish within the 3-minute time limit.

 

“Merlin, Potter you’ve been a bad influence on me,” Draco muttered as he threw caution to the wind and let go of the net. He let gravity pull him downwards and then grabbed the net again, nearer to the bottom. He cursed as his hands slid on the rough rope, he knew he would have friction burns, but he could deal with them later.

 

Putting the injuries out of his mind, Draco jumped the short distance to the ground and then ran to the next obstacle so he could take it with some momentum. He grabbed onto a rope and swung himself across a small river; he managed to jump off and avoid dropping himself into the water fairly easily.

 

Not that it would have mattered anyway, the next part of the assault course forced him to get wet. He had reached a lake that looked fairly deep, and it was clear that he had to go through it. Running around it would probably constitute as cheating, and it would take so long that he would never finish within the required time.

 

“Thank fuck I learned how to swim after Finnigan tried to kill me,” Draco muttered as he threw himself into the lake and swam as fast as he could towards the first of four wooden beams. He ducked under the water and emerged on the other side of it; then he felt the tell-tale tug at his legs that indicated Grindylows were lurking nearby.

 

Draco managed to remain calm as he grabbed his wand and shot a burst of boiling water downwards. It must have hit the creature because its grip on his leg loosened and he was able to swim towards the second beam. He got under that one and the third one with no further issues. However, as he ducked under the final beam and emerged, he saw the demonic-looking creature that was a Kappa staring him down.

 

Draco rolled his eyes, was he meant to fight it? He didn’t have time, and he knew he could outswim a Kappa with ease, so he ignored the creature and swam to the lake’s edge. He had pulled himself out of the lake before the Kappa had even reached the shallower waters.

 

He knew that his time was limited by now and Draco could still see a few obstacles up ahead. He ignored his aches and pains and tried not to shiver as he approached a high wooden pole with hand and feet holds on either side. He scaled it as quickly as he could, considering that he was soaking wet and therefore bogged down. When he reached the top of the pole, he saw a wooden handhold that he had to grip. He gripped it as best as he could with slightly sweaty palms then launched himself from the pole down a zip line. He shut his eyes as it sent him flying towards the ground; he didn’t like heights much.

 

At the bottom, Draco hit shallow muddy water. He knew that there would be magical creatures lurking in it, so he wasn’t surprised when he felt a sharp nip to his right ankle, “Shit,” he cursed as he shook off the offending Dugbog and pushed on. The water was so murky that he couldn’t see anything beneath it, so he was bitten two more times before reaching dry land.

 

Draco wanted to breathe a sigh of relief when he saw the final obstacle, but he knew that this wasn’t over yet, so he approached it as quickly as he could. This last obstacle was a large wooden platform that he would have to army crawl through. It was narrow and had three levels, Draco was glad he had a slim, seekers build as he pulled himself through the first level. Once he had done so he had a very narrow space in which to twist his body around and pull himself up onto the next level, it was easy enough because of his build, but he was wet and tired now which hindered his progress slightly. He crawled through the next level and pulled himself up once more. The finishing line was in sight now which spurred him on, he darted forward, flung himself down the metal pole at the end of the platform and sprinted forward past the red line that constituted the finishing line.

 

As soon as he was over the line, he doubled over and allowed himself to start catching his breath. At first, he thought he had failed because there wasn’t anything to say that he had passed this room. There was no door as there had been in the first room, which meant that there was no click to signify it had been unlocked and that he could, therefore, move forwards.

 

Draco was still breathing heavily as he pulled himself up and looked ahead of him. Where there had only been a field moments before there was now a white wooden door. He breathed another sigh of relief as he approached the door and stepped through it into the next room.

 

It was very surreal to step through a door in the middle of a field and emerge on the edge of a cliff. This room was playing havoc with his senses, but he supposed that was part of the test. He could tell that the skill he would have to display in this room would be flying because apart from the plaque that gave him his instructions, the only other thing on this clifftop was a broom rack with a selection of three broomsticks. Draco performed a drying charm on his clothes and his hair and allowed himself a few more minutes to get his breath back as he read the instructions on the plaque;

 

“When you leave the clifftop, we will begin to time your progress. Throughout this flight course, there are 12 golden hoops which you must pass through. Should you miss any hoops, we will deduct 5 seconds from your overall time. Should you take any longer than 2 minutes you will fail this room. You may choose between the three broomsticks on offer, choose wisely.”

 

Draco glanced around at his surroundings. He was on a clifftop in a hot, arid climate. The sun was beating down and shone brightly in the sky ahead, he knew that it would make it easier to spot the glinting golden hoops that he had to fly through, but it was also going to be an obstacle because it could obstruct his vision. He had his Quidditch Captain head on as he assessed the conditions, overall he thought that the sun would help more than it would hinder him.

 

Next, he turned to the rack and looked at the three broomsticks on offer. The choices were the most up to date edition of the Comet, a Nimbus 2001 and a Firebolt. He knew that the Firebolt was the fastest, but some people claimed that the Nimbus had better manoeuvrability. Personally, Draco found the manoeuvrability on the Firebolt just fine. He didn’t even consider the Comet; it was too old, too slow and too laggy for his liking. Without thinking on it much, he took the Firebolt from the rack and mounted it.

 

He wasn’t at all worried about this task, so he pushed himself off of the clifftop and immediately saw the first golden hoop straight ahead. He had been right about the sun helping, the circle sparkled, which made it easy to see from a distance. Draco passed through it, and as soon as he did, the next hoop appeared. This first part of the flying course was through a narrow ravine between two clifftops, but Draco didn’t find it particularly challenging. He passed through the fourth hoop and then flew out of the ravine into a wider part of the course; however, there were new obstacles in this part of the course. There was a fast-flowing river beneath him and several fallen trees which had gotten lodged between the two cliffs, there were also some tall trees obscuring the view in the distance.

 

He had to swerve between the cliff and a tree to hit the fifth hoop, but that was nothing considering the dodging and diving he had done in second year when he and Harry had flown beneath the Quidditch stands. He had been significantly smaller then, of course. The next few hoops were easy enough to hit, he just had to fly close to the water and swerve in-between the fallen tree trunks, but none of this was particularly challenging for him. He sped through the course with ease as the ravine narrowed once more towards the end. Draco knew as he passed through the twelfth hoop (which was in the middle of the narrowest part of the ravine yet) that he had passed that room with a good time.

 

There was another clifftop ahead which Draco landed on. He dismounted the broom and looked around as he waited for something to happen. Surely enough, after a few seconds, a white door appeared in the side of the cliff. Draco grinned to himself and walked through the door into the fourth room. He looked around himself once more and frowned; he appeared to be in a muggle street somewhere. It looked like any generic street in any muggle city. There wasn’t any way of telling where it was unless you had been there before.

 

Draco stepped forward and read the plaque before him;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be required to chase down a suspect. However, you may not use your wand to aid you in this task. When you place your wand in the holder provided, we will provide you with a picture of the suspect. If you fail to catch the suspect within 3 kilometres, you fail this room.”

 

A wooden drawer emerged from beneath the plaque. Draco placed his wand inside it and withdrew a wizarding photograph. It featured a tall, thin young man who was glaring at Draco from the photograph. The drawer shut, taking his wand with it, and Draco stepped over the red line on the ground.

 

All of a sudden, a heap of people materialised. Muggles with shopping bags and buggies crowded the street, and it was all Draco could do not to curse loudly. Of course, there was a plot twist; it wasn’t as easy as just chasing a guy down the street. He spotted his suspect straight away, and he darted after him. He pushed his way through the muggles with all of the force that he could muster and gradually began to gain on the suspect. He could see a high wall at the end of the street, and he figured that was where the 3-kilometre zone ended so he pushed with everything he had, and he just managed to catch the guy before he reached the wall. He dived on the suspect and tackled him to the ground, it hurt like hell, but he didn’t let his pain show as the scene dematerialised.

 

The suspect disappeared as did all of the muggles. Draco pushed himself to his feet and looked at the wall expectantly. After a few seconds, there was a click, and a door materialised onto it. He opened it and stepped through, expecting to emerge into another room that was set to test him. Instead, he emerged into a small room that looked like a waiting area. It was empty apart from a couple of comfortable looking armchairs, a table with essential potions and medical supplies and a water fountain with plastic cups beside it.

 

A disembodied female voice spoke to him from somewhere that he couldn’t see, “Congratulations Mr Black, you have successfully passed the physical aspect of our selection test. You have ten minutes to patch yourself up and refresh before starting the next test, which will assess your magical capabilities.”

 

The voice said no more than this, so Draco walked over to the fountain and downed a cup of water. It honestly tasted better than water had ever tasted, he poured some onto his face for good measure as he perused the supplies on the medical table. He found a cream that treated burns, and he used this to treat the red, raw friction burns on his hands. Beyond that, he didn’t have any injuries apart from bruises and aches, so he decided that it was a good idea to take a pepper-up potion. It gave him a fresh boost of energy and eased some of the aches and pains that were related to physical exhaustion.

 

As he sipped at another cup of water, Draco allowed himself to feel a little bit proud. He knew he still had a long way to go yet, and he had a feeling that the magical tests would be harder than the physical ones. Then again, apart from playing Quidditch, he didn’t do much to keep himself physically fit, but he did duel with Harry every single day so magically he had trained himself up as well as he could do.

 

His ten minutes were over very quickly. The female voice spoke to him once more to announce this, “Your rest period is over Mr Black. Please proceed through the door to begin our test on your magical abilities.”

 

Draco frowned as he realised that there was only one door. The door that he had entered the room through had disappeared, leaving only the door at the far end. He stepped through it and was unsurprised when he found himself in a real place rather than in a room. This time he was in a generated part of Diagon Alley. He had Gringotts behind him and a crowded street full of witches and wizards ahead of him. He glanced down at the plaque and read the instructions;

 

“When you cross the line, Death Eaters will appear in the alley. Your task is to take down as many as you can. However, there are rules. You will be penalised for hitting civilians, and taking a Death Eater down without killing them is preferable. We cannot question a dead Death Eater, but we can force veritaserum down the throat of a captured one.”

 

It made Draco nervous that there was no information on how you knew if you had passed or failed the room. Previous tasks had stated that if he failed to complete it within a certain timescale, he would fail, but this one was far less helpful. A wooden drawer emerged from the plaque containing Draco’s wand, he took it out and surveyed the alley before him. He knew it would be hard to do this without hitting any civilians, but he had confidence in the accuracy of his spell-casting.

 

He stepped over the line and with a whooshing sound, Death Eaters appeared amongst the crowd. They wore dark cloaks and the tell-tale masks that protected their identities, people in the alley began to scream and run which made it harder for Draco to locate the Death Eaters and aim at them accurately because he was being jostled by frightened witches and wizards.

 

Draco quickly realised that he needed a vantage point, so he shot a silvery rope from his wand which attached itself to the railing of the balconied area above the door into Gringotts. He pulled himself up and started to aim at the Death Eaters from his high vantage point. He took out three with stunning charms as they ran towards the Leaky Cauldron in an attempt to flee the alley. He took out a further two with bone-breaking curses before they could try and climb up to reach him, it left them writhing uselessly on the ground in pain. He wasn’t sure how many more there were, but he could see another two amongst the screaming witches and wizards. He managed to take out one with a stunning charm, but he accidentally hit a civilian as he tried to hit the second one. He didn’t want to risk hitting anyone else and being penalised, so he shot a piercing charm at the Death Eater, he had been aiming for his shoulder, but he hit him in the head, and it was clear that he had killed him.

 

Draco tried not to focus on that as his eyes scanned the alley. He couldn’t see any more Death Eaters in the distance, and for a moment, he wondered if he had gotten them all. However, it was then that he heard a noise from behind him. He spun around and was alarmed to see a Death Eater emerge from the door behind him. He knew that a stunning charm wouldn’t take effect quickly enough to stop the Death Eater from hitting him, so he acted on instinct and used a piercing charm to the chest. It knocked the Death Eater back and enabled Draco to bind him with magical rope.

 

As soon as he turned back to the alley, he saw another Death Eater climb over the railing. He hit the man with a stunning charm, and he fell backwards off the balcony. Draco grimaced as he looked down at the puddle of blood that the Death Eater was lying in, he was fairly sure that he had killed that one too.

 

He was on high alert now as his eyes scanned the alley once more. He didn’t see the last Death Eater quickly enough; he was just about to escape into the Leaky Cauldron. Draco knew a stunning charm wouldn’t be that effective from this distance, so he opted for a piercing charm, but because of the range, he only hit the man in the leg which meant that he managed to escape into the pub.

 

“Bugger,” Draco cursed to himself as the scene in the alley dematerialised. The witches and wizards disappeared, as did the bound, dead and unconscious bodies of the Death Eaters. Draco hoisted himself down from the balcony and waited for something to happen, but nothing seemed to change.

 

He sighed heavily; he had failed. He had killed two of the Death Eaters and let one get away. He must have failed. He stood and waited for the disembodied voice to tell him this, but he was surprised when it did speak.

 

“You have passed this room, Mr Black,” The female voice said, “Please proceed into Gringotts bank to begin your next task.”

 

Draco’s eyes lit up with surprise at that, but he did not question it. He simply opened the door and stepped into the bank which wasn’t anything like Gringotts bank on the inside. He was standing in something that looked similar to a firing range, but the catch was that he was in the area where the things you fired at usually were and a Death Eater stood with his wand held high in the part where you would usually fire from. The reversal of the roles made him nervous as he looked at the instructions on the plaque before him;

 

“When you cross the line, the Death Eater will fire spells of varying levels at you which you must shield. To pass this room, you must not be hit by more than five spells. Note that the killing curse counts as two spells because it is the only spell which can instantly kill you.”

 

Draco nodded to himself. It seemed relatively easy. He knew that there would be red herrings in there; the kind of spells that you couldn’t shield against. He stepped across the red line on the floor with his wand at the ready, and the Death Eater began to fire straight away. The first few spells were easy to defend with a basic shield charm, but after that, it became clear that a standard “protego” wasn’t going to cut it anymore, so Draco had to use more durable shield charms.

 

This wasn’t a problem either, Draco was pretty good when it came to shielding charms. Granted, he wasn’t as good as Harry, but shield charms were a bit of a speciality of his. However, he did trip up eventually when the Death Eater fired a cutting curse at him, which he hadn’t encountered before. As a result, Draco didn’t know that it wasn’t shieldable, so it sliced a gash into his upper arm, which was more than a little bit painful. Thankfully it was on his left arm which he didn’t hold his wand in so it didn’t hinder him any further, it just bloody hurt. As the spells got increasingly dangerous Draco was hit by one more; he hadn’t been aware that a standard “protego” didn’t work against “glacius”. The charm turned his shield to ice which meant the shield topped backwards on top of him which also hurt quite a bit.

 

All the same, Draco ignored the blood staining his arm and the pain he felt throughout his body and pushed himself to his feet just in time to hear the words “Avada Kedavra”. The moment he saw the green light flying towards him, his instincts set in and he dropped to the ground. He let his entire body go limp as he fell heavily onto the hard, concrete floor. It hurt like hell, especially when his chin hit the solid concrete but Draco’s instinct when faced with the killing curse had always been to drop to the floor and play dead, he had learned a long time ago that it was the safest thing to do.

 

He groaned to himself as he lay on the ground, aching and bleeding. He pushed himself up with some real difficulty, and he was glad when he saw that the Death Eater was gone. He felt black and blue now. His body shook from the effort that it took to push himself to his feet and he was really glad that he had decided to take that pepper-up potion.

 

“You have passed this test, Mr Black,” The disembodied female voice said, “Please make your way to Ollivander’s wand shop, you will find sufficient medical supplies there.”

 

Draco dragged himself out of the bank into the bright sunlit alley once more. He was starting to worry that he wouldn’t be able to push through this, especially if there was going to be a duel at the end which he fully expected there to be. He crossed the alley and made his way into Ollivander’s. Like Gringotts, it looked completely different on the inside. Draco found himself inside a relatively small room with nothing in it apart from a dummy about the height of an average man.

 

He ignored the plaque, to begin with, and looked through the medical supplies on the table next to the door. He applied a cream made with powdered dittany to the cut on his arm, which acted as a temporary solution because it weakly joined the skin back together. He also took a pain potion and downed it. He breathed a sigh of relief as the aches in his body gradually ebbed. He spat out a mouthful of blood and read the plaque at the entrance of this room;

 

“When you cross the line, you will have 2 minutes to fire as many spells as you can at the dummy provided. You will lose points for using the same spell more than once or for using dark magic. You will gain points for portraying any highly skilful spells.”

 

This one also seemed fairly simple although Draco suspected that he would have temporary memory loss about the number of spells he knew as soon as the time limit began to tick away. He stepped over the line and immediately started to fire spells at the dummy; he began with the basic spells they had learned in their early years at Hogwarts like “Flippendo” and “Expelliarmus”. He just shot spell after spell at the dummy as they popped into his head, but the more spells he fired, the harder it was to keep track of the spells he had and hadn’t used. He was fairly sure he used Expelliarmus twice, but he managed to get through without using a single dark magic curse. Towards the end of his allotted time, he suddenly realised that the Patronus charm would probably count as skilful magic, so he sent his Patronus (which was no longer an otter and was now a dragon) flying towards the dummy.

 

A loud buzzing sound announced that his time was up and Draco waited for the disembodied voice to tell him what to do next.

 

“Congratulations Mr Black, you have passed this room. Please proceed to the final task by using the door ahead.”

 

Draco looked up at the door which had just appeared at the other side of the room. He was prepared for a duel as he stepped through the door into the final room, so he wasn’t surprised when he realised that there was nothing in it apart from a duelling platform. Standing atop that duelling platform was a middle-aged woman with cropped blonde hair who smiled at him, “Congratulations on getting this far Mr Black. Would you join me up here?”

 

Draco climbed up onto the duelling platform and took his place at the opposite end from the woman.

 

“I’m Auror Carter,” She introduced herself, “And as you may have guessed, your final challenge is to duel a real, experienced Auror. Does that make you nervous?”

 

“Well,” Draco said honestly, “I’ve duelled Harry Potter a good few times, and he’s the third-best in all of Britain so not really.”

 

Carter raised an eyebrow at him, “We’ll see about then, won’t we?”

 

Draco didn’t want to appear as overly confident, but he couldn’t help the smirk that came to his face at that. He and Auror Carter walked towards each other, bowed and then took their places at either end of the platform as the duel began.

 

Draco let the Auror make the first move to assess what kind of spells she was going to throw at him. She started with the basics, “Expelliarmus!”

 

“Protego! Stupefy!”

 

“Protego! Petrificus Totalus!”

 

Draco matched her fairly basic spells, but it became clear to the Auror very quickly that she would get nowhere with O.W.L level spells so she upped her game a little bit.

 

“Reducto!”

 

“Protego, Bombarda!”

 

You couldn’t shield against a blasting charm as strong as that which the Auror knew. She ducked and let the spell hit the wall behind her. Draco threw a stunning charm at her, but she was on her feet before it was halfway across the platform and she blocked it with ease.

 

“Impedimenta!”

 

“Protego! Relashio!”

 

“Protego! Expulso!”

 

The duel was getting far more dangerous now. The spells that were flying back and forth were fully capable of doing serious harm to their victims, but Draco hadn’t broken a sweat yet, and he wasn’t finding things particularly difficult. This Auror had fast reflexes, but this duel was nowhere near as fast-paced as those he and Harry shared. There had been no attempts at beheading or expelling the entrails of the combatant yet either which made the whole thing awfully dull.

 

As Draco defended and dodged cutting and blasting curses, his mind whirred as he tried to think of a way to beat the Auror. He didn’t want the duel to go on for too long, the speed of which you could disarm your opponent was a key factor when assessing a person’s duelling capabilities after all. He knew her reactions were too fast for him to knock her out with any spell that he knew so he resorted to using sneaky tactics.

 

Draco defended a blasting curse that Auror Carter had thrown at him and then said, “Fumos!”

 

The spell enveloped the entire room in smoke for a few seconds. He heard the Auror coughing, so he knew that the smoke had reached her. In the few seconds that he had before he came back into her view, Draco disillusioned himself and used an illusion charm to create a false image of himself. He moved forward slightly and to the far right side of the duelling platform as the smoke began to clear.

 

“Stupefy!” The Auror called as soon as ‘Draco’ came back into view.

 

At the same time, Draco whispered, “Expelliarmus” and sent a spell shooting at the Auror from thin air. She had been concentrating on the fake image of Draco as she waited for him to defend so by the time she noticed that another spell was flying towards her she didn’t have time to defend against it. The spell hit her and yanked her wand out of her hand, it flew through the air into Draco’s hand, and he appeared again with a grin on his face.

 

The Auror raised another eyebrow at him, “Sneaky but effective, exactly what I would expect from a former Slytherin. May I have my wand back?”

 

Draco walked towards her and handed her back her wand.

 

“Do you always use sneaky tactics to win your duels?” Auror Carter asked curiously as she led Draco off of the duelling platform towards another white door.

 

“I normally use dirty tactics when I’m duelling Harry,” Draco admitted, “But that’s because it’s the only way I can beat him. When I’m duelling for real, I’ll only use sneaky tactics if I can’t disarm the opponent any other way.”

 

“Well if it works we can’t knock it,” Auror Carter admitted, “Unless you’re using dark magic in which case you will be disciplined.”

 

“Yes, ma’am,” Draco said with a nod.

 

They had reached the door, and Carter led Draco through it into another waiting room. This one was far larger, around the same size as the one he had waited in before being told which door to line up in front of for his test.

 

“Sit down Mr Black,” Auror Carter said as she motioned towards the chairs in one corner of the room.

 

Draco took a seat in the empty waiting room and watched as the Auror walked towards a desk. She picked up a brown folder and flicked it open, she scanned it curiously then walked over to Draco, “Would you like to hear your performance report for the first two tests?”

 

Draco nodded, “Yes, please.”

 

Carter took a seat next to Draco and began to detail his test results, “You did very well in the physical tests. You took three hits out of a possible 12 in our test on your reflexes. You completed the physical assault course in 2 minutes and 50 seconds. I particularly liked your strategy of letting gravity take you down the net. That was an audacious tactic from a former Slytherin.”

 

“Harry Potter has been a bad influence on me,” Draco said with a roll of his eyes.

 

Carter smirked, “Well it’s a good thing he has been. If you had tried to tackle that net the way it should have been done, you would have failed. Your best score by far was in the flying assault course, we estimate that it should take 1 minute and 38 seconds to complete that course on the Firebolt and we got an International Quidditch player in to test that. You completed the course in 1 minute and 37 seconds.”

 

Draco grinned, “Take that, Potter.”

 

“Mr Potter has yet to set a time,” Auror Carter reminded him.

 

“He’ll struggle to beat that though, won’t he?” Draco asked.

 

“Anyone would struggle to beat that,” The Auror admitted as she ignored the smug look on Draco’s face, “You didn’t do quite as well in the suspect chase, but you did get him, even if you did cut it a little fine.”

 

Draco nodded, and the Auror flipped the page, “Now onto your magical ability. You scored 35 points out of a possible 40 on our accuracy test in Diagon Alley. I was particularly impressed with your tactic of getting up high for that one. We changed that test after the war to make it take place in a simulated Diagon Alley and out of 35 candidates last year, not one of them thought to do that. Your total score was 36 in the end, but you lost a point for hitting a civilian, the only way you could have improved that score would have been to take all of the Death Eaters out effectively but frankly the fact you hit all 10 was impressive.”

 

Draco nodded again, “Thank you.”

 

“You did well in the shielding test too,” Auror Carter continued, “You were only hit with two spells, and we rated your reaction to the killing curse as adequate. It didn’t hit you, but you did injure yourself through the way you chose to avoid it, so there is room for improvement there. On your spell casting test, you acquired 25 points, you fired 22 spells, but you lost 2 points for repeating two of them. You didn’t use any dark magic, and you did show skilful magic with your Patronus charm. Finally, I have already told you I was impressed with your duelling capabilities, if unsurprised by your tactics.”

 

Draco nodded again, “So what happens now?”

 

“You wait here,” Auror Carter replied, “If anyone else in your heat passes they will join you in this room. Your friends will join you in here too if they pass their heats, it will get busier but as it stands you are the first one to pass both of our tests.”

 

Draco smiled proudly, “So that’s it for today? I just get to sit around and wait?”

 

Auror Carter nodded and got to her feet, “Yes, but don’t let your guard down. Today you faced the easy tasks, tomorrow you’ll face the hard ones.”

 

She got to her feet and left the room. Draco was just beginning to wonder how long he would be left to his own devices for when one of the five doors opened, and two people emerged from it. One of them was one of the guys who had gone into the testing rooms at the same time as Draco, and he was accompanied by a tall man in red Auror robes. Draco tried not to be too nosy as the Auror went through the man’s report with him as Carter had done with him. When he had finished the Auror left, and the man approached Draco with a grin, “So we’re the first two to make it through, huh?”

 

“Looks like it,” Draco replied.

 

“I’m Eddie by the way,” The man said, he was slightly taller than Draco and a lot stockier, his build was similar to Neville’s, “Eddie Carmichael.”

 

“Draco Black,” Draco said as he shook the man’s hand.

 

Eddie blew out a breath and sat down next to him, “You’re Harry Potter’s friend, aren’t you?”

 

Draco simply nodded, he much preferred being referred to as Harry Potter’s friend rather than as ‘that kid who was a Death Eater’, “Yeah, do you know him?”

 

Eddie snorted, “I know of him but doesn’t everyone? I’ve never spoken to the guy though; I was a couple of years above you in school.”

 

“What house were you in?” Draco asked curiously.

 

“Ravenclaw,” Eddie replied, “I always wanted to be an Auror, but I figured I’d take a couple of years out first to get some experience, you know?”

 

Draco wasn’t sure what to say to that, so he just nodded. This guy seemed nice if a little talkative. Thankfully, he wasn’t stuck alone with him for too much longer because another door opened, and a third candidate stepped out. Draco immediately recognised him as Maxwell Harper; he was accompanied by a fairly short red-robed Auror with dark brown hair.

 

“Hey look, another one,” Eddie chirped.

 

Draco nodded, “I know him, he was in my house at Hogwarts.”

 

“Another Slytherin, eh?”

 

“Yeah,” Draco replied, “He’s a year younger than me. I figured he’d pass the physical, but I wasn’t sure about the magical part.”

 

“I found the physical well harder than the magical ability test,” Eddie admitted, “Didn’t you?”

 

“Yeah, the physical was harder,” Draco agreed as the Auror who had accompanied Maxwell left the room. The younger Slytherin boy grinned as he approached them, “Two Slytherins through already, nice one Draco.”

 

Draco smiled at him, “Nice one Max, how did you do?”

 

“Scraped by on a couple of them,” Maxwell shrugged, “But I still got through, that’s the main thing right?”

 

Draco nodded at him, “Yeah, do you reckon anyone else will get through?”

 

Maxwell shook his head and sat down on Draco’s other side, “Nah, Auror Lorne just told me that I was the last one to pass from our heat.”

 

“I guess we just need to wait and see how the next heat does then,” Draco said thoughtfully. His eyes flickered to the doors as he kept his fingers crossed for his three friends while Eddie cheerfully introduced himself to Maxwell.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


Harry, Neville and Theo made small-talk as they waited for it to be their turn to enter one of the testing rooms. They were all nervous for Draco, but they knew that there was nothing they could do to influence what would happen to him now.

 

They kept themselves to themselves and didn’t mingle with the others waiting in the room with them. Time seemed to drag on, but as there was no clock in the room and none of them were wearing watches, they had no way of knowing how much time had passed when Sumner’s voice brought them all to attention once more.

 

“Alright, heat 2!” Sumner called, “When I call your name, line up in front of your door!”

 

“Hastings, Serafina: Door 1.

Kavanagh, Lesley: Door 2.

Longbottom, Neville: Door 3.

Marston, Harrison: Door 4.

Nott, Theodore: Door 5.”

 

Harry smiled weakly at his friends and wished them good luck. He hated being a Potter sometimes. He was always last; it made him miss Ron a little bit if only because “W” came after “P” in the alphabet.

 

Neville shot Theo a small, encouraging smile as they stood a couple of doors apart.

 

“On the count of 3, you may enter your testing room and begin,” Sumner instructed them, “3…2…1.”

 

Neville opened the door and stepped into the room nervously. He hadn’t been sure what to expect, but he had expected something more intimidating than a small room. He took a step forward and immediately realised that there was more to this room than met the eye because there were lots of little holes in the walls. He glanced down at the plaque and read his instructions.

 

“When you cross the line, stinging charms will be fired at you in quick succession. This test requires you to place your wand in the holder beneath this plaque. Should you be hit with 12 or more stinging charms, you will fail this room.”

 

Neville groaned once he had finished reading this piece of information. He slotted his wand into the holder and shook his head. He wasn’t built like a seeker like Harry, Draco and Theo. He was taller, and he was bulkier, that was great for tasks that required strength and power but not so much for something like this, which required him to be swift and flexible.

 

All the same, he stepped over the line on the ground and immediately heard the tell-tale hiss that indicated that a spell was about to shoot out of the wall. He managed to dodge the first few, it was easy enough for him to duck and swerve to avoid the spells, but because he was quite heavy (from muscle weight rather than fat), he found it harder to avoid the spells that required him to jump. As a result, he had already been hit twice when the spells began to shoot out of the walls two at a time. At that point Neville cursed to himself, he tried his best to avoid being hit, but he would swerve to avoid the first spell and hit the wall so hard that he didn’t have time to duck to avoid the second one. He wasn’t sure how many times he had been hit by the time the spells stopped coming, but he knew that several spots on his legs burned like hell and he could see a burn mark on his arm, he was fairly sure he had lost part of his right eyebrow too.

 

Neville glanced anxiously at the door as he waited for a sign to say that it was unlocked. He was expecting it to magically open or something of that ilk, but when nothing happened at first, he grew anxious that he had failed the task. He breathed a sigh of relief when a click indicated that the door had been unlocked and he hurried through it into the next room.

 

He recoiled slightly when bright sunlight hit him. The previous room hadn’t been particularly dark, but then again, he hadn’t expected to go from it into a wide, open field. He could tell straight away that the next task would be to tackle this huge obstacle course that was laid before him. He couldn’t see the entirety of the course, but he scanned what he could see before reading the plaque in front of him;

 

“When you cross the line, we will begin to time you from our observation area. This obstacle course will test every element of your physical strength, and if you fail to complete it within the 3-minute timescale, you will fail this room. You may use your wand, but only against any magical obstacles you come across, you will receive a five-second penalty for using your wand for any other means.”

 

A wooden drawer slipped out from beneath the plaque containing Neville’s wand. He slipped it into its holster on his leg and took a step back. As Draco had, he ran over the line so that he could have a bit of momentum for the first obstacle. He used the strength in his upper arms to vault over all three hurdles with ease then dropped down onto the boggy ground and crawled underneath the large net. He sank into the mud a little more than Draco had because he was heavier. Still, because of the strength he had built up in his upper arms (through playing as a Beater for the past year) and his legs (through jogging around the lake every morning with Lilly), he found it easy to pull himself through the obstacle very quickly.

 

Once he had come out of the other end, he pulled himself up and ran towards the next obstacle. He hadn’t broken a sweat yet, and he wasn’t breathing particularly heavily, but he did know that he was going to find this next obstacle a little tricky. The steep incline he was going to have to crawl up wasn’t a particular issue for him, but the tight tunnel that he had to crawl through was. He managed to fit himself inside it, but his shoulders and arms scraped against the rough wooden sides as he began to pull himself up the steep incline. He wasn’t slipping around too much because he was lodged so tightly in the tunnel, but the tight squeeze did slow his progress slightly. He could feel splinters of wood penetrating his skin, but he pushed on regardless, it wasn’t a bad pain compared to some of the things he had endured under the Carrows anyway.

 

When Neville reached the top of the hill and pulled himself out of the tunnel, he breathed deeply. It wasn’t because he was relieved, it was because he hadn’t been able to suck in a proper deep breath for the entirety of the time he had been squeezed into the tiny tunnel. He had to stop himself from groaning when he saw the next obstacle; it was a wooden beam over a high ravine. He didn’t have a problem with heights, but he did have a problem with balance, as proven by his uselessness on a broom as a youngster. He stepped onto the wooden beam carefully and put one foot in front of the other. He knew that he couldn’t rush over this obstacle, so he took his time and made sure that he made it across without falling into the fast-flowing water beneath.

 

He knew as he stepped off of the wooden pole that he had a lot of time to make up, so he wasted no time in throwing himself onto the high net. He found it fairly easy to pull himself up and launch himself over the edge. He scaled his way down the rope net and dropped as soon as he was at a sensible height from the ground.

 

Neville knew he had an advantage in that he didn’t need any time to get his breath back between obstacles. His breathing had only just begun to get heavy, and he reckoned that he was at least halfway through the obstacle course now. He ran at the rope in front of him and swung across the shallow river below, he dropped down without landing in the water and ran to the edge of the lake.

 

“Where’s the bloody Gillyweed when you need it,” Neville mumbled to himself as he jumped straight into the deep water. He was a very strong swimmer, so he wasn’t particularly worried about this part of the course, in fact, he was fairly sure that he would be able to make up quite a lot of time. He sucked in a breath and ducked under the water; he managed to swim underneath the first two wooden beams before he had to come up for breath. Even then, he wouldn’t have needed to come up so quickly if he hadn’t been grabbed by a couple of Grindylows.

 

“Accio fish!” Neville said as he kept himself afloat in the deep water.

 

All of the fish in the water floated up to the surface, and the Grindylows greedily swam away from Neville to scoff them. Neville shook his head in amusement at how easily satisfied Grindylows were. He ducked underneath the water once more and swam beneath the final two wooden beams. He emerged as he neared the shallower water where he saw a rather mischievous looking Kappa waiting for him. Neville stood up to his midriff in the water and said, “Good day sir Kappa!” as he bowed to the Japanese creature.

 

The Kappa looked so pleased to be addressed as such that he bowed back to Neville. In doing so, the water in the cap of his head sloshed out which drained him of his power, “Aw man,” the Kappa despaired in a squeaky voice, “I haven’t had a bite of anyone yet.”

 

“Sorry!” Neville called back to the Kappa as he pulled himself out of the lake, “You seem like a nice guy. I hope someone messes up so you can get some food.”

 

“Thanks!” The Kappa called back squeakily as Neville ran forward onto the next obstacle. He was starting to feel the strain of the course now because his soaking wet clothes made him a lot heavier, and his next obstacle was a high pole that he had to scale.

 

He blew out a breath as he gripped the handholds and began to climb the pole. Heights didn’t bother him, but the thought of falling did so he tried his best not to look down. He lost his footing a couple of times because his feet were slippery, but he didn’t fall, so he pushed on. At the top of the pole he gripped the wooden handle and shut his eyes as he launched himself off of the zip line, he sped down at quite some speed and didn’t open his eyes until he landed in the shallow marshy water below.

 

Neville knew that there would be magical creatures in the marshy water so he cast a precautionary shield charm around his lower legs and waded through the water as fast as he could. When he emerged from it, he ran towards the last obstacle and shook his head in disbelief when he saw the size of the gaps he would have to crawl through in the wooden contraption.

 

“Seriously?” Neville muttered as he pulled himself onto the first level. He barely had room to move his arms so pulling his entire body weight along was incredibly tricky. When he eventually did reach the end he had to twist his body so much to drop down into the narrow gap between the two levels that it hurt, “Did you design this thing for runty gits like the rest of my friends?”

 

Neville pulled himself up onto the second level with difficulty and pulled himself along. He found it even more difficult to pull himself up onto the last tier, and he was fairly sure he pulled or twisted something in his back while doing so. He limped forward and threw himself down the pole before running over the red finishing line on the ground, grimacing all the while.

 

He let himself fall onto the ground to catch his breath as he waited to find out how he had done on the obstacle course. He was reasonably sure that he had passed, despite struggling through the tight tunnel he had made up the time pretty well throughout the rest of the course. It was just a question now of whether that last obstacle had royally screwed him up or not.

 

“Please proceed through the door onto the next section of the test Mr Longbottom,” A disembodied male voice said, “Medical supplies will be provided for you.”

 

Neville pushed himself to his feet and looked up. Where there had only been a field a moment ago, there was now a door. He stepped through it and was momentarily blinded by the bright sunlight streaming down. He appeared to have emerged in a warmer climate, the sun was brighter, and the air felt very humid. Neville had, of course, realised that this was some sort of room of requirement, he expected it was one of the simulation rooms that he had heard recruits and Aurors talking about during the week he spent doing work experience with the Aurors.

 

On the clifftop where Neville was standing there was nothing more than a plaque, a rack containing three broomsticks and a small table with a few potions on it. He was fairly sure that one of them was a pain potion, so he knocked it back and breathed a sigh of relief as it began to work its magic. As the effects of the potion began to reach his extremities Neville read the plaque before him;

 

“When you leave the clifftop, we will begin to time your progress. Throughout this flight course, there are 12 golden hoops which you must pass through. Should you miss any hoops, we will deduct 5 seconds from your overall time. Should you take any longer than 2 minutes you will fail this room. You may choose between the three broomsticks on offer, choose wisely.”

 

Neville could fly now thankfully, but it still wasn’t his strongest skill, and he was aware of that. He could hold himself up on a broomstick in the air, but he wasn’t the fastest or the deftest, and for that reason, he wasn’t sure that he could control a Firebolt adequately. He knew that the Comet would be too slow and lurchy for him; it reminded him of the school brooms that he had hated so much. Naturally, that left the Nimbus 2001 which was what he had used during his tenure as Beater of the Gryffindor team for the past year.

 

Neville stepped forward, grabbed the Nimbus and mounted it. He took a deep breath; he wasn’t looking forward to this task. Realistically he knew that all he could do was take it easy and hope that he managed to finish within the required time limit. He pushed off and flew through the first golden hoop. He could have rolled his eyes when he realised that the first few hoops were contained within a narrow ravine. It wasn’t as tight as some of the gaps he had been forced to squeeze through in the physical assault course; however, so he managed to make his way through it without causing himself an injury. He was grateful when the course widened out, but since he wasn’t the most agile, he did find it difficult ducking underneath fallen tree trunks and swerving between trees and the edges of the cliff.

 

All the same though, Neville was pleased when he reached the end of the course and dismounted the broom because he had managed to do it without missing any of the golden hoops. He waited anxiously to find out if he had completed the task within the required time limit and he breathed a sigh of relief when a door appeared in the side of the cliff.

 

Neville stepped through it into the next ‘room’, and he frowned when he took in his surroundings. He looked around at what looked like any ordinary muggle street. He noticed a few familiar landmarks, a pub called “The Penny Farthing” with a sign that was half hanging off stood on the corner of the street and an old police box that had been nicknamed by the locals as the TARDIS was rotting just to his right.

 

“So I’ve just stepped into the East end of London,” Neville said as he looked around thoughtfully, “I can nearly see my girlfriend’s mum’s flat from here.”

 

Nobody said anything, although Neville knew that the Aurors assessing him could hear him. He couldn’t believe quite how small a world it was as he read the plaque in front of him;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be required to chase down a suspect. However, you may not use your wand to aid you in this task. When you place your wand in the holder provided, we will provide you with a picture of the suspect. If you fail to catch the suspect within 3 kilometres, you fail this room.”

 

As it had before, a wooden drawer emerged from the bottom of the plaque. Neville put his wand inside it and took a wizarding photograph out. A young man with shaggy blond hair who looked eerily like a young Grindelwald smiled mischievously back at him. Neville grinned because he had a plan, he stepped over the red line and all of a sudden, the street became crowded with muggles bustling about their daily business. Neville spotted the young blond-haired suspect immediately, but he didn’t chase the man. Instead, he darted to his right and ran down a narrow back alley that ran adjacent to the street. It was empty because all it led to was the back gardens of the houses that faced onto the street on the other side, this meant that Neville could run a lot faster than the suspect who was caught up in a crowd.

 

He got about halfway along the back alley and then jumped onto the garage of one of the houses. He dropped down into the back garden and vaulted the gate to emerge on the street on the other side. Neville smirked as he saw the suspect running straight towards him. However, he wasn’t looking forward; he was only glancing behind him. Neville barged into him and knocked him to the ground where he tackled and held him tightly.

 

He felt fairly confident, and a little smug, about that one as the scene dematerialised and the street became empty once more. Neville got to his feet, dusted himself off and looked around for a way out. In the wall up ahead, he saw that a door had appeared, so he walked towards it slowly to get his breath back. Chasing the suspect hadn’t been difficult for him, but he had knocked the breath out of himself with the force he had knocked the guy to the ground with.

 

When Neville reached the door and stepped through it, he expected to emerge into another test. He was relieved when he realised that this was some sort of waiting area, which meant that the first part of the test was over. He scanned the room and saw the water fountain, the medical supplies and the comfortable chairs. He was already halfway to the water fountain when he heard the male voice that had spoken to him earlier.

 

“Congratulations Mr Longbottom. You have passed the physical aspect of our selection test. You have ten minutes to refresh yourself before we start the next test, which will assess your magical capabilities so have a drink, patch yourself up and take a breather.”

 

Neville didn’t need to be told twice. He downed a cup of water and perused the medical supplies on the table. The pain potion he had taken before starting the flying obstacle course was still working its magic, and the only other injuries he had obtained were friction burns and splinters from crawling through the tight wooden tunnel. They didn’t even hurt anymore, so Neville didn’t bother healing them, he just sank onto one of the comfortable chairs and enjoyed his ten minutes of rest and relaxation.

 

They were over very quickly, Neville felt like his bottom had just touched the seat when the male voice said, “Your rest period is over Mr Longbottom. Please proceed through the door to begin our test on your magical abilities.”

 

Neville followed the disembodied voice’s instruction and stepped through the door. After the last few rooms that he had faced, he wasn’t surprised to emerge in a place rather than a room. This time he wasn’t in the muggle world though, he was in Diagon Alley which was crowded with witches and wizards shopping and socialising. He looked around and realised that his position in the alley was just in front of Gringotts bank, with this established he read the plaque before him;

 

“When you cross the line, Death Eaters will appear in the alley. Your task is to take down as many as you can. However, there are rules. You will be penalised for hitting civilians, and taking a Death Eater down without killing them is preferable. We cannot question a dead Death Eater, but we can force veritaserum down the throat of a captured one.”

 

A wooden drawer emerged from beneath the plaque once more, and it contained Neville’s wand. He took it out and surveyed the alleyway. There was no way of knowing where the Death Eaters would appear yet, so he had no way of knowing where to set himself up to best defend against them. Neville took a step forward so that he was over the red line on the ground and the Death Eaters immediately began to materialise throughout the alley.

 

Neville knew he had to get up high to have a chance of hitting the Death Eaters without taking out a lot of civilians, so he apparated onto the roof of Ollivander’s and took out two with stunning charms. A couple of the other Death Eaters spotted him and began to run up the alley towards the Leaky Cauldron, so Neville apparated onto the roof of Flourish and Blotts and took them out from behind with stunning charms. He twisted around as fast as he could on the roof and looked back down the alley as he tried to spot the other Death Eaters. He saw one lurking in the doorway of Eeylops so he hit him with a piercing charm to the shoulder before he could retreat into the shop. By his count that was five, however, he didn’t know how many Death Eaters there were. He grew suspicious because he couldn’t see any on the street below, but nothing had happened to say that he had passed the task.

 

Neville realised why this was when he heard a noise from behind him. He spun around and saw a Death Eater pulling himself out of the chimney, he was aiming to stun the man but before he had a chance to utter the words the Death Eater had drawn his wand on him. Neville panicked a little and shot a piercing charm at the man as he ducked. As a result, he hit the Death Eater in the head, and he fell lifelessly into the chimney.

 

“Bugger,” Neville muttered as he apparated further down the alley onto the roof of Ollivander’s for a better view. He saw another Death Eater creeping towards the Leaky Cauldron using the shops as cover. He couldn’t get a clean shot at the guy because there were too many people running about screaming and panicking, so Neville decided to improvise. He used a cutting curse to cut one of the chains that held up the sign to the apothecary in the hope that it would swing down and knock the Death Eater out. However, what he didn’t account for was the fact the sign was made of metal and had very sharp corners, so it slit the Death Eaters throat as it swung to the ground.

 

“Shit,” Neville cursed, that was two deaths now which he suspected would go against him. All the same, he had to remain calm, so he scanned the alley for any further Death Eaters and managed to hit one with stupefy just before he got to the Leaky Cauldron. However, he was a little too far away, so the spell didn’t quite work correctly. Neville was about to apparate down from the roof when he saw another Death Eater running through the screaming crowd, he tried to send a stunning charm flying towards him but lost his footing and slipped slightly which meant that the charm hit a civilian. He could have cursed at his own clumsiness as he tried to hit the Death Eater for a second time but the spell only just brushed his hand, so he managed to escape into the Leaky Cauldron too.

 

He was starting to give up hope when he saw the final Death Eater. He didn’t want to lose that one too, so he wasted no time in shooting a stunning charm at him. However, he didn’t expect the Death Eater to fall face-first into a barrel of water which would surely drown him.

 

“Seriously?” Neville despaired as the scene dematerialised, “The sign killed the guy, and that one just happens to fall into the bloody water! Are you taking the piss? This is like the bloody Cornish pixies all over again! Why is it always me?”

 

“You have passed this test, Mr Longbottom,” The male voice announced, and it sounded distinctly amused, “Please proceed inside Gringotts bank to begin your next test.”

 

Neville was still shaking his head as he apparated down from the roof and yanked open the door to Gringotts. He stepped inside and frowned as he realised that this wasn’t the inside of Gringotts at all. Instead of being in a grand bank full of goblins, he was in a firing range, and he seemed to be the target. Neville looked from the motionless Death Eater who was pointing his wand at him to the plaque before him;

 

“When you cross the line, the Death Eater will fire spells of varying levels at you which you must shield. To pass this room, you must not be hit by more than five spells. Note that the killing curse counts as two spells because it is the only spell which can kill you.”

 

Neville smiled slightly as he stepped over the red line. He didn’t envision himself having any problems with this task because he knew that he was bloody good at shielding charms. They were one of Harry’s specialities, and Harry had spent a lot of time teaching Neville in their fifth year. It was when they had bonded over the situation with their parents, and as a result, the two of them had spent a lot of their spare time in the room of requirement together.

 

The Death Eater began by using charms that were easily defendable with a simple “Protego” charm. After a few spells, they started to get more complicated, but Neville knew lots of different types of shield charms, so he continued to block every single one with ease. He knew they must have been getting near the end of the task when the spells began to become interspersed with spells that were unshieldable. He managed to dodge those spells because he knew that they couldn’t be shielded against. When the Death Eater threw “Glacius” at him, Neville acted quickly. He knew that there was no magical shield that could protect against the ice curse, but it could be blocked by something solid. Neville conjured up a large block of stone which the curse hit. It turned the block to ice which meant that Neville could remove it from his way by simply tapping it. The ice block fell apart, and Neville had to act quickly as he saw a very familiar green light soaring towards him. It didn’t give him any sort of flashback, after all, it had been thrown at him several times in the war, especially during the final battle. Neville simply threw himself to the side to avoid the beam of green light.

 

After that, the Death Eater disappeared, and Neville looked around, “Was that it?” he asked, perhaps a little too cockily.

 

The male voice spoke to him once more, “You have passed this test, Mr Longbottom. Please make your way into Ollivander’s wand shop.”

 

Neville left the bank feeling pretty good about himself. He was doing a lot better than he had expected, he thought he might crumble under pressure, but the war seemed to have prepared him pretty well for the Aurors tests. He crossed the sunny alley and stepped into Ollivander’s which, like Gringotts, wasn’t really Ollivander’s. This room also resembled a firing range. There was a dummy at the far end and a plaque by the door which Neville read;

 

“When you cross the line, you will have two minutes to fire as many spells as you can at the dummy provided. You will lose points for using the same spell more than once or for using dark magic; you will gain points for portraying any highly skilful spells.”

 

Neville nodded to himself. It seemed relatively simple. It was mainly a test to establish the range of spells that he knew. He didn’t think he would find it particularly difficult, so he stepped over the line to begin the test. Neville started by using the only skilful spell that he knew which was the Patronus charm, his Patronus bounded across the room and disappeared behind the dummy. After that, he began to fire every spell that he knew at the dummy from the basics like “Expelliarmus” right through to every blasting curse and cutting charm that he knew. He was fairly sure that he didn’t use any spells more than once and it wasn’t difficult for him to avoid using dark magic because he didn’t know any dark curses apart from Sectumsempra and even then he used it very rarely.

 

A buzzer announced that his time was up, so Neville slipped his wand into its holster and waited for the disembodied voice to tell him where to go next.

 

“You have passed this test Mr Longbottom, please proceed through the door ahead.”

 

Neville hadn’t noticed any other doors in the room, but as he looked around, he realised that another door had appeared at the other side of the room. He walked through the door and wasn’t surprised to find that it contained nothing other than a duelling platform. Atop that duelling platform was a man dressed in deep red Auror robes. He was relatively short, not much taller than Harry in fact, and he had dark brown hair.

 

The Auror smiled at Neville. “Well done for getting this far Mr Longbottom, my name is Auror Lorne, and I’ve been the one assessing you today.”

 

“You mean listening to my rants?” Neville quipped as he climbed up onto the platform.

 

Auror Lorne smiled, “You have been a rather amusing candidate to assess,” he admitted.

 

Neville chuckled, “Well I’m glad my misfortunes keep someone amused. I’m assuming that this set up means the final task is a duel?”

 

“Indeed,” Lorne replied, “Are you ready to start?”

 

“Ready as I’ll ever be,” Neville replied. He and Lorne walked to the centre of the duelling platform, bowed to each other and then walked back to their respective places at the ends of the platform. With that, the duel began.

 

Auror Lorne began with the more basic spells just as Auror Carter had with Draco. After all, they aimed to assess the candidate’s ability not to kill them by bombarding them with dangerous hexes straight away.

 

Lorne began by using spells that wouldn’t do Neville much harm like “Expelliarmus” and “Stupefy”. Neville didn’t use any offensive spells, to start with, he simply defended against the Aurors spells to get a gauge on the Aurors skill level and style of duelling. He worked out that his spellcasting was quick and that accuracy was his strong point which meant that Neville couldn’t afford to let his shield drop for one moment.

 

Once he had realised this Neville began to fight back by throwing cutting curses and stunning spells at the Auror. He defended every single one with ease and Neville could see that he wasn’t getting anywhere. He wracked his brain to come up with a way of bringing the Auror down as he defended against a couple of more sinister curses.

 

In the end, he let the Gryffindor inside him win out and decided that brute force might be the answer here. He began to throw every blasting curse that he knew at Auror Lorne, one of his strengths lay in power behind his spells, and this came in very handy with blasting charms. He hit the Auror with the spells in quick succession and Neville could see that his plan was working, the Aurors shield charm had transitioned from a bright blue to a feeble pink. Still, he was so busy trying to defend against blasting curse after blasting curse that he hadn’t realised yet.

 

The moment the shield shattered Neville got straight in there with, “Expelliarmus!” and disarmed Auror Lorne.

 

The Auror brushed the ashes off of his robes and smiled at Neville, “Good duel Mr Longbottom. Do you mind giving me my wand back?”

 

“Sorry,” Neville said as he walked to the other end of the platform and handed Auror Lorne his wand.

 

“You fight like a Gryffindor,” Lorne said with an amused smile, “Brute force combined with an air of foolish bravery. You didn’t have a shield charm up while you bombarded me with curses. You’re lucky there wasn’t an enemy behind you, you left yourself open to attack.”

 

“Noted sir,” Neville said with a nod as they stepped off of the platform together, “What house were you in if you don’t mind me asking?”

 

“Hufflepuff,” Lorne replied, “I had to work on my duelling, it didn’t come naturally to me. I know more spells than the average red robe around here, and I’m great at thinking up strategies, but putting them into practice was never my strong point.”

 

“I have a friend like that,” Neville said thoughtfully as he let his thoughts drift to Theo. He wondered how his friend was getting on in testing room number 5. He wondered whether he had reached this point.

 

“If he’s anything like me, he’ll pass with flying colours,” Lorne assured Neville as he led him out of the testing area into a waiting area that looked very similar to the one he had been in with Harry and Theo.

 

Neville glanced around and grinned when he saw Draco looking bored out of his mind as Maxwell Harper and Eddie Carmichael had a very animated conversation over him. Draco caught his eye and grinned when he saw Neville.

 

Lorne chuckled at the sight and said, “Just take a seat over there, Mr Longbottom, I’ll grab your performance report and let you know how you did overall.”

 

Neville nodded and took a seat at the opposite side of the room from Draco. Lorne came back over to him with a brown file in his hands, he flipped it open and took a seat next to Neville, “So let’s go over your results in the physical first. You took seven hits out of a possible twelve in the first test designed to test your reflexes,” Lorne began.

 

“Yeah, not a strong point of mine,” Neville said sheepishly.

 

Lorne chuckled, “I know I’m shorter than you, but I’m stocky too. Being swift and agile is always harder when you have a build like ours. You still passed, which is all that matters. Your time on the physical assault course was 2 minutes and 48 seconds. I particularly liked the fact you fed the Grindylows instead of using violence against them, and I don’t think I have ever seen someone hold a conversation with a Kappa in the six years I have been a trainer here.”

 

Neville smiled slightly, “They’re nice enough if you get to know them.”

 

“When they aren’t sucking your blood?” Lorne said with a vaguely amused look.

 

Neville just shrugged, “Most magical creatures are just misunderstood.”

 

Lorne chuckled, “I think you might be going into the wrong line of work,” he joked.

 

Neville just laughed, and Lorne continued, “I will mention the difficulty you faced with the tunnel. You are one of the bigger guys we’ve had try out, so it’s not something that has come up before, but those tunnels are very narrow, so we will take that into consideration.”

 

“Thanks,” Neville said with a nod, “I appreciate that.”

 

Lorne continued, “Now onto the flying assault course; you did just fine in that. You weren’t the fastest, but you didn’t pick the Firebolt, and you did about as well as you could with the Nimbus. We reckon it should take about 1 minute and 45 seconds and you did it in 1 minute and 50 seconds. You did well in the suspect chase too, even if you did have a slight advantage.”

 

Neville grinned, “I can’t help that the street you chose happened to be near my girlfriend’s Mums house.”

 

Lorne smiled slightly, “All the same, you showed initiative, and we like that here, so that was a definite pass. Now onto our tests on your magical abilities, you scored 32 points out of a possible 40 in the accuracy test. You hit all 10 Death Eaters which not everyone manages to do, so that’s a plus point, you did lose a point for hitting a civilian, but 32 is a good score. You could have improved it by effectively knocking out those two that got away and by not accidentally killing a few, even if your narrative of the event was rather amusing.”

 

Neville rolled his eyes, “That task summed up my life so far. If anything stupid can go wrong, it does, and it happens to me.”

 

“Hey, you passed, didn’t you?” Lorne said calmly, “And you aced our tests on your shielding ability. You didn’t get hit by a single spell, and we were very pleased with your response to the killing curse. You did great in the spell casting too, you got 25 points overall, 20 of those were for the spells that you managed to fire, and you gained five bonus points for your use of the Patronus charm. You weren’t docked any points in that test because you didn’t use dark magic and you didn’t repeat any of the same spells.”

 

Neville nodded, “And my duel?”

 

“A clear pass,” Lorne replied, “We deduced from your duel and the other tasks we set you that your strong points are blasting charms and shield charms. We like your duelling technique too. Your performance report is excellent so far, just make sure you keep it up tomorrow with your mental tests.”

 

Neville nodded and smiled at the man, “I’ll do my best. Thank you, Auror Lorne.”

 

Lorne smiled back at him and patted him on the shoulder, “You’re welcome,” he said genuinely. As the Auror got up to leave the room, Neville approached Draco who moved out of his spot between Maxwell and Eddie. The two friends sat down next to each and Draco patted Neville on the back, “Well done.”

 

“You too,” Neville grinned, “Didn’t I tell you that you could do it?”

 

“Hey, we haven’t done it yet,” Draco reminded him, “This is just day one, remember?”

 

Neville nodded and glanced at the five doors, “Am I the first one through?”

 

Draco nodded, “Who else was in your heat?”

 

“Theo was in it if that’s what you’re really asking,” Neville said as he shot his friend a knowing look.

 

“I thought that he might be,” Draco said as his eyes darted anxiously towards the doors.

 

Neville smiled at his friend, “I know it’s hard for you, but try to stop worrying about your boyfriend, alright?”

 

Draco rolled his eyes at Neville, “Shut up, fatbottom,” he muttered affectionately.

 

Neville smirked at the blond boy and leant around him to congratulate Max on getting this far. As he did so Eddie, who was beginning to get on Draco’s nerves a bit, cheerfully introduced himself to Neville.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“3…2…1!”

 

Theo was more nervous than he cared to let on as he stepped through that white door into the testing room. Despite the fact he was known as the joker amongst their group of friends, Theo did try his best, and he wanted this. He knew he wasn’t as much of a natural as some of his friends when it came to physical challenges, so this part of the selection process gave him the most concern.

 

He surveyed the room and had worked out before he even read the plaque that spells of some variety were going to be coming out of the holes in the walls;

 

“When you cross the line, stinging charms will be fired at you in quick succession. This test requires you to place your wand in the holder beneath this plaque. Should you be hit with 12 or more stinging charms, you will fail this room.”

 

Theo sighed as he put his wand in the wooden drawer and looked down at the red line on the ground. He had been right to worry about passing the physical. He wasn’t the tallest, and he had always been described as runty or ratty by his friends. He had a very similar build to Harry, but thankfully he did have a bit of height on his Gryffindor friend. He knew that his build meant that he should be good at dodging spells, but Theo had never had the best reflexes, his sister had worked that out early on, and she still got a kick out of throwing things at him and watching him try and fail to catch them. That was why he had played as a Beater on the Slytherin Quidditch team; he was great at hitting things that were flying at him but not necessarily catching or avoiding them.

 

All Theo could think about as he crossed the red line was how embarrassing it would be to end up failing at the first hurdle. He did better than he had expected at first though because the spells were being generated by the room rather than being shot out of a wand, there was a slightly longer delay between the hiss that indicated the start of the spell and the spell itself.

 

That worked to Theo’s advantage. He listened for the hisses and managed to make sure he wasn’t in their firing line; he had excellent senses which helped him out a lot. He fell into a spot of trouble when the spells began to fire out of the wall two at a time. He managed to avoid one, but he didn’t have enough time to work out where the second one was going to hit, so he spent about 30 seconds cursing loudly as he was hit by stinging charm after stinging charm.

 

By the time the spells stopped firing, Theo felt black and blue. His clothes were singed and ruined; he could tell that he had been hit a lot of times from the burning sensation he felt on his legs, arms, torso and back. The pain was bearable compared to the pain he had felt during the war though, Theo stepped over the red line and looked at the door ahead of him, he wasn’t expecting it to open if he was honest. He had lost track of how many spells had hit him, but he knew it had to be pretty close to the 12 that would constitute a fail.

 

When a loud click indicated that the door had been unlocked, Theo blew out a relieved breath, “You owe me a new set of Levi’s by the way,” he said to no one in particular as he stepped through the door.

 

He blinked a couple of times as his eyes began to adjust to the new lighting conditions. Once he had stopped squinting, he let his eyes roam over the obstacles laid out on the hilly terrain before him. He shook his head again and muttered, “I should have said yes when Nev asked me to start running around the lake with him.”

 

Theo glanced down at the plaque, as he suspected that this wasn’t going to be easy for him;

 

“When you cross the line, we will begin to time you from our observation area. This obstacle course will test every element of your physical strength, and if you fail to complete it within the 3-minute timescale, you will fail this room. You may use your wand, but only against any magical obstacles you come across, you will receive a five-second penalty for using your wand for any other means.”

 

A wooden drawer emerged from beneath the plaque, and Theo took his wand out of it. He slipped it into his pocket and shook his head, “3 minutes, I can’t even get from the ground floor to the roof of my house in 3 bloody minutes.”

 

He had already doomed himself to fail before he had even started but then again, Theo was a bit of an eternal pessimist. He took a running start and found it easy enough to vault over the hurdles because he didn’t weigh a lot. Crawling underneath the net wasn’t too much of a struggle for him either. He pulled himself to his feet after completing the first two obstacles then ran towards the third one. He didn’t have a problem fitting into the tight tunnel but pulling himself up a steep hill when he was wet and therefore slippery and also, not very physically fit, was a struggle.

 

Theo struggled on, but he felt like the moment he got somewhere he slipped back down to the start. On his third attempt, he managed to pull himself out at the other end of the tunnel, but he was panting like he had just run a marathon. He knew if he managed to get through this, he would seriously need to work on his physical fitness.

 

He knew that he needed to make up on the time that he had lost, so he threw caution to the wind and tried to cross the wooden beam suspended above the rocky ravine a little too quickly. He lost his footing slightly and slipped, but he didn’t fall, he just used some very inventive swear words and took it a little bit more easy from there on.

 

Thankfully, Theo found the next obstacle reasonably easy to defeat. He scaled the large rope net and threw himself over the top then clambered down it with the flexibility and speed of a monkey. He was so light and flexible that he found that part very easy. He jumped off of the net and ran at the rope that he had to swing across the river on. Theo grabbed it and swung a couple of times to gather momentum before dropping down onto the river bank.

 

He ran to the edge of the lake and shook his head when he realised that he had to swim. He was a strong enough swimmer, but he was positive that there would be magical creatures in this lake and he wasn’t the most adept at dealing with them or magical plants for that matter. Theo began to swim across the lake as fast as he could, he hoped if he was quick enough, the magical creatures would just ignore him.

 

However, this plan wasn’t the most successful. Theo had gotten past two of the four wooden beams when he felt something grab his leg. He shook it hard to try and shake off the offending Grindylow then he felt a sharp nip to his lower leg.

 

“Fuck!” Theo cursed, “Bloody Grindylow, reducto!”

 

The spell caused a blast under the water which forced all the Grindylows downwards. Theo was in a bad enough mood as he swam on and ducked underneath the last two wooden beams. He was fairly sure he wasn’t going to do this, he could see a good few obstacles up ahead, and he had no idea how much time had passed. Just as Theo thought things couldn’t get any worse, he felt a sharp pain in his arm, and he looked over to see a Kappa chewing on it.

 

“Oh, come on!” Theo exclaimed as he blasted the Kappa off of him and waded out of the water, “I don’t want to work for the fucking DRCMC, what’s with the flesh-eating demon?”

 

The Kappa laughed wickedly as Theo dragged himself towards the next obstacle and tried to ignore the pain in his arm and the blood that was dripping from the wound. Under normal circumstances, Theo wouldn’t have found it challenging to climb up the high wooden pole, but his arm was hurting more than he cared to let on, so it did slow his progress slightly.

 

When he reached the top, he grabbed the wooden handlebar and grimaced in pain as he threw himself off of the pole and let the zip line take him down into the marshy water below. Supporting his weight with an arm that was soaked in blood was not the easiest thing in the world.

 

Theo cradled his arm as he waded through the marshy water. He ignored the sharp stinging pain he felt in his ankles as some kind of creature nibbled at him; he just pushed on through the water as fast as he could. He could have sighed in relief when he saw the last obstacle, but he knew he was going to have to pull his black and blue body through it.

 

Army crawling through the wooden platform was harder now that his arm was bleeding and his ankles throbbed. All the same, he managed to pull himself through the first level, and he had no problems twisting around and pulling himself up onto the second level because he was relatively short and light. He dragged himself along the second level, then ran across the top of the platform. He used his good arm to slide down the pole and then he half ran/half limped over the red ‘finishing’ line on the ground.

 

Once he was over it, Theo let himself fall onto the grass as he caught his breath and realised the full extent of his injuries. He hurt all over, and after the number of disastrous mistakes he had made in that task, he was 100% positive that he had failed and that this was the end of the selection process for him.

 

Theo made a face when he looked at his injuries for the first time. He had several puncture wounds on his ankles and lower leg. Then there was a bite mark from the Grindylow. By far the worst one, however, was the wound on his arm. That Kappa had taken a good old bite out of him, it was bleeding heavily, and although it was just a flesh wound, it was a pretty gross gaping one.

 

“Please proceed through the door onto the next section of the test Mr Nott,” A disembodied male voice said from somewhere above him, “Medical supplies will be provided for you.”

 

“Thank Salazar,” Theo mumbled as he looked up for the door that the voice had spoken of. As he had been inspecting his injuries, he had completely missed the appearance of a white door in the middle of the field in front of him. He pushed his way through it and ignored everything as he made a beeline for the little table full of medical supplies to his right.

 

He applied a powdered dittany cream to the Kappa wound on his arm, and he breathed a sigh of relief as it messily closed up the painful injury. He lathered it onto his lower legs too, but he ignored the burn marks from the stinging charms, they barely hurt compared to everything else he had been hit with since. He tossed back a blood replenishing potion for good measure too; it had been hard to tell how much blood he had lost from the wound on his arm because the water had made it look like he was bleeding more than he probably had been.

 

Once he no longer felt like he was about to bleed out, Theo looked at his surroundings. He grinned when he saw the brooms and the bright sun shining down on the clifftop. He liked flying, and he loved flying quickly, he didn’t think he would have a problem with this one;

 

“When you leave the clifftop, we will begin to time your progress. Throughout this flight course, there are 12 golden hoops which you must pass through. Should you miss any hoops, we will deduct 5 seconds from your overall time. Should you take any longer than 2 minutes you will fail this room. You may choose between the three broomsticks on offer, choose wisely.”

 

Theo wasted no time in picking up the Firebolt and mounting it. He probably should have taken a minute to assess what he could see of the course, but this looked like so much fun, so he just pushed off and allowed the test to begin. He soared through the ravine, and he felt great about how he was doing as he hit the first four hoops.

 

However, when he reached the broader part of the ravine, he realised that he was flying far too fast. He was pushing the Firebolt to its limit and at that speed by the time he saw his next hoop he couldn’t get to it in time to fly through it. This error in his judgement meant that he missed four hoops in the first section of the course, after that he pulled up a little and made sure that he hit the rest of them.

 

When he landed on the clifftop at the end of the course, Theo cursed under his breath. If he had counted right and he had missed four hoops, then that meant he would have 20 seconds taken off of his overall time. He knew he had to set an excellent time to be able to scrape through this one. He breathed another sigh of relief when a door materialised in the side of the cliff in front of him. He stepped through and looked around at the muggle street he had just stepped into. He knew he had to read the instructions carefully this time and make sure that he didn’t rush into this one;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be required to chase down a suspect. However, you may not use your wand to aid you in this task. When you place your wand in the holder provided, we will provide you with a picture of the suspect. If you fail to catch the suspect within 3 kilometres, you fail this room.”

 

A wooden drawer emerged from beneath the plaque once more. Theo put his wand inside it, reluctantly, and took the wizarding photograph out. The suspect he was chasing was a tall, lanky man with greasy looking hair. Before he crossed the line to start the test, Theo looked around the street to see if he could come up with some sort of plan or strategy this time. He didn’t want to run into it blindly and nearly screw it up as he had with the flight test.

 

He grinned when he saw a scooter sitting by the side of the road because a plan began to formulate in his head. When he crossed the red line, he got a surprise because the street suddenly became full of muggles, but it didn’t hinder his plan too much. He saw the suspect that he was after turn around and then disappear into the crowd. Theo ignored this, however, and ran over to the scooter by the side of the road; he managed to hotwire it within a few seconds. He jumped on, started the engine and sped down the street honking his horn to force pedestrians out of the way. They screamed and jumped out of his way, which gave Theo a clear path towards his suspect, who was approaching a wall at the end of the street. He sped up and skidded to a halt in front of the suspect. The man turned and began to run back down the street the way he had come, but Theo was close enough to jump off of the scooter and tackle him to the ground now.

 

The moment he had subdued the suspect, the scene around him dematerialised. The man he was holding to the ground disappeared, as did all of the muggles who had previously been crowding the busy street. Theo got to his feet and brushed himself off. He glanced around for any visible sign of where he should go next. He was fairly sure that he had passed that one. Then surely enough he noticed a door in the wall in front of him.

 

He wasted no time in heading through the door into a very neutral white waiting room. Theo glanced from the table full of medical supplies to the water fountain. He had just begun to walk towards it to get himself a drink when the male voice that had spoken to him earlier filled the room, “Congratulations Mr Nott. You have passed the physical aspect of our selection test.”

 

“Just,” Theo mumbled to himself.

 

“You have ten minutes to refresh yourself before we start the next test, which will assess your magical capabilities. I suggest that you have a drink and take a breather. Medical supplies are provided, and I would put some more cream on that Kappa bite if I were you.”

 

Theo was sure that he heard a hint of amusement in the man’s voice as he glanced down at the Kappa bite on his arm. Plainly enough, the wound had opened up slightly again. He downed a glass of water and lathered more cream onto the wound then he slumped down into a seat and enjoyed the quickest ten-minute nap of his life.

 

“Your rest period is over Mr Nott. Please proceed through the door to begin our test on your magical abilities.”

 

Theo got to his feet and walked towards the door. He hoped that this next set of challenges was a bit more suited to him, physicality had never been his strong point, but he was competent magically and he was intelligent too, even though he played the clown.

 

“Diagon Alley,” Theo mused as he looked at his surroundings. He could tell that he was in a simulated version of the alley because some things weren’t quite right. Fortescue’s looked like it had before the war, but it had been repainted when it had been re-opened, Gringotts didn’t have a new roof where a dragon had burst through it either.

 

Theo glanced down at the plaque and read his instructions;

 

“When you cross the line, Death Eaters will appear in the alley. Your task is to take down as many as you can. However, there are rules. You will be penalised for hitting civilians, and taking a Death Eater down without killing them is preferable. We cannot question a dead Death Eater, but we can force veritaserum down the throat of a captured one.”

 

Theo decided to use his brain this time. He looked around the alley and tried to work out what his plan of action would be before he started the task. As far as he knew this one wasn’t timed but it didn’t hurt to take his time and come up with a plan. He assumed that the Death Eaters would appear amongst the crowd of people which would mean targeting them without accidentally hitting civilians would be difficult. Stunning spells had a high chance of misfiring off of mirrors or shopfronts, so he wanted to avoid them but spells like piercing charms which could take a Death Eater down would kill them if Theo’s aim was even slightly off. He needed a spell that wouldn’t harm a civilian if it accidentally hit them but which would take down a Death Eater, regardless of the distance it was thrown from.

 

By the time he stepped over the red line five minutes after he had entered the room, Theo felt confident that he had a good plan in place. The moment he crossed the line, the Death Eaters appeared, and the crowd began to disperse as people screamed, panicked and ran. Theo used the chaos to his advantage; he managed to hit 3 Death Eaters with “Petrificus Totalus” in the initial chaos.

 

After that, they began to hide or flee towards the Leaky Cauldron. Theo overturned a barrel full of flobberworms outside the apothecary and jumped up onto it to get a better vantage point. He aimed at the back of one of the fleeing Death Eaters and shouted, “Incarcerous!”

 

The Death Eater fell to the ground, bound and gagged. Theo quickly adjusted his aim and hit the second fleeing Death Eater in the back with the same spell. He too fell to the ground where he could do nothing more than wriggle uselessly like a worm.

 

Theo jumped down from the barrel onto the slippery ground where the flobberworms were trying to escape. He snuck along the alley and kept his eyes on the shop fronts where he suspected the Death Eaters would be hiding. He spotted one in the entrance of Ollivander’s and hit him with a stunning charm because he had a clean shot. This spooked another Death Eater who began to run up the alley, Theo chased him and managed to get close enough to hit him with a binding charm. Like his comrades, the Death Eater fell to the ground, bound and gagged.

 

He wasn’t sure how many more there were, but Theo couldn’t see any at the far end of the alley close to the Leaky Cauldron. He snuck back down the alley and kept his eyes peeled once more; he spotted one hiding in the doorway of Flourish and Blotts, he knew there was a chance any spell he fired would miss and hit the window behind the Death Eater which could cause it to backfire, so he decided the safest choice was to throw a jelly legs jinx at the man. He fell to the ground, which gave Theo a chance to get closer and bind him.

 

As Theo ran forward, another Death Eater ran out from a shop on the other side of the alley. Theo jumped up onto a stand full of school textbooks and hit him in the back with a binding curse, then he jumped back down and surveyed the alley. By his count, he had taken out nine already, but he had no idea how many more there were or whether there was a time limit on this task. He snuck his way back to the spot where he had started by the apothecary, and that was when he spotted the last one, Theo darted forward to throw a spell at the man, but he had forgotten about the spillage of flobberworms. As a result, his spell flew over the Death Eaters head, and Theo skidded into the side of Gringotts bank. He shot a piercing charm at the Death Eater who was seconds away from retreating into Knockturn Alley. He hit him in the arm, but he didn’t have time to get another shot in before the man disappeared down the dark close.

 

“Bugger,” Theo muttered as he rubbed his arm, he had whacked his funny bone off of the hard stone wall, “Why is it always magical creatures that slip me up?” he added as he turned back to the alley. He frowned as he realised that it had suddenly emptied, all of the Death Eaters he had subdued were gone, as were the crowds of people.

 

“You have passed this test, Mr Nott,” The male voice said, “Please proceed into Gringotts bank to begin your next test.”

 

Theo stepped inside, Gringotts and frowned. This was most definitely not the most ancient wizarding bank in Britain, it was a firing range, and he was the target. He glanced down at the plaque in the hope that it would give him a bit more information;

 

“When you cross the line, the Death Eater will fire spells of varying levels at you which you must shield. To pass this room, you must not be hit by more than five spells. Note that the killing curse counts as two spells because it is the only spell which can kill you.”

 

Theo didn’t feel too nervous about that. He was better at shielding than he was at dodging, he relied on his magical abilities more so than his physical ones which he knew was a weakness of his. He stepped over the line and began the task. He quickly defended against the first few spells which required nothing more than a standard shield charm. Even when the Death Eater ramped up the intensity of his spells, Theo found it easy to defend with a couple of more advanced shield charms.

 

He took his first hit when the Death Eater fired “Glacius” at him. He knew that he couldn’t shield it with a magical shield, so he intended to conjure some sort of large rock, but he didn’t do it in time. He ducked to avoid the curse, but the beam of ice just brushed the side of his head and holy shit, it hurt.

 

It was because of this that Theo made his second mistake. His head throbbed, and the world around him spun as he pulled himself to his feet. His brain didn’t register that there was a green light soaring towards him and he certainly didn’t hear the words “Avada Kedavra” being uttered. As a result, the killing curse hit him square in the chest. However, it did not kill him. It made him inhale sharply, and it brought him back to his senses. Once he realised that he had just been hit by the killing curse, he swore loudly, “Shit!”

 

Surely that was an automatic fail? Theo thought to himself as he waited for the disembodied voice to tell him the bad news.

 

“Well done Mr Nott, you just died,” It said, again Theo detected a hint of amusement there, “But you still passed this task. Please proceed to Ollivander’s wand shop where medical supplies will be provided.”

 

Theo still felt a little lightheaded as he stepped out into the sunlit alley. The bright sunshine made his head throb, so he made his way across the alley into Ollivander’s as quickly as he could. He breathed a sigh of relief as he stepped into the dingy, dark shop. Except, it wasn’t Ollivander’s on the inside, it was another type of firing range.

 

Theo ignored that for the moment, though. He went to the medical table and perused the supplies. He took a pepper-up potion which he felt clear his head then he rubbed some sort of burn cream onto the side of his head where the beam of ice had brushed him. He blinked a couple of times and felt his head clear. He glanced down to read the plaque as the potion continued to work its magic;

 

“When you cross the line, you will have 2 minutes to fire as many spells as you can at the dummy provided. You will lose points for using the same spell more than once or for using dark magic. You will gain points for portraying any highly skilful spells.”

 

Theo wasn’t worried about this room, either. His range of spells was pretty good, and he felt confident in his spell casting in general. He wasted no time in stepping over the line and throwing everything that he knew at the dummy. Unlike the others there was method in his madness, he started with spells he had learned in first year and gradually fired off every spell that he could remember learning in quick succession. He was beginning to worry that his time was running out as he reached fifth year so at that point he made sure he cast a Patronus because he figured it would count as skilful magic.

 

That change in his tactics threw him off slightly, so he used one spell again, but he was sure that he hadn’t accidentally used any dark magic spells or curses as a loud buzzer announced that his time was up.

 

“You have passed this room, Mr Nott, please proceed through the door ahead.”

 

Theo looked up as a door materialised on the wall behind the dummy. He was feeling pretty good about himself as he walked through the door into a large room that was empty apart from a duelling platform. He felt his heart sink, he had expected a duel, but he had also been worried about it. He had been practising loads of mock duels with Harry, Draco and Neville but he was the weakest out of the four of them, and they all knew it.

 

Standing atop the duelling platform was a tall, middle-aged man with short light brown hair. He smiled at Theo and said, “Congratulations on getting this far Mr Nott. I’m Auror Mitchell, I’ve been the one assessing you today.”

 

“So you’re responsible for all of these injuries,” Theo joked as he climbed up onto the platform.

 

Mitchell smiled slightly, “I think your lack of animal handling skills are to blame actually.”

 

“I applied to be an Auror for a reason,” Theo said as he glanced at his Kappa wound which was now oozing, “I don’t like magical creatures.”

 

“Or magical plants, so I hear,” Mitchell smirked, “I heard about an incident involving you and the venomous tentacula.”

 

Theo snorted, “You heard about that?”

 

“Your reference may have mentioned something,” Mitchell said with a sly smile.

 

“Of course she did,” Theo said with a fond smile, “Good old Minnie.”

 

Mitchell chuckled, “Now, as you may have guessed, your final challenge today is to duel me.”

 

Theo nodded, “Are there rules?”

 

“Don’t kill me and don’t use dark magic,” Mitchell replied, “Other than that, anything goes.”

 

Theo grinned, “Excellent,” he said as he and Mitchell walked to the middle of the platform, bowed to each other and then took their places at their respective ends of the duelling platform.

 

After that, the duel began. Auror Mitchell began by using basic charms that couldn’t do Theo much harm and Theo got right in there with his duelling tactic. He liked to fire as many spells as he could think of at his opponent in quick succession because it guaranteed that they would slip up and not effectively shield against one of them.

 

However, Theo didn’t just throw dangerous curses at Auror Mitchell. He alternated between cutting and blasting curses and the silly jinxes that he liked to use in his pranks. It caught Mitchell off guard, he had to switch very quickly from using “Protego!” to defend against Theo’s trip and jelly legs jinxes to using a more powerful shield charm to defend against the more lethal curses being thrown his way.

 

“Reducto!”

 

Theo worried that Mitchell might be able to defend against him better as he worked out what his duelling tactic was. All the same, he kept throwing charms at the man, and it didn’t take long to catch him off guard in the end.

 

“Riddikulus!”

 

“Protego! Expelliarmus!”

 

“Protego! Densaugeo!”

 

“Protego! Bombarda!”

 

Theo defended against the blasting charm and then sent a cutting charm straight towards the Auror. It was a rather nasty cutting charm that couldn’t be defended against with a shield charm, but he had lulled the Auror into a false sense of security, so he threw up a shield charm as he had done to defend against Theo’s last few schoolboy hexes. The cutting curse slashed through the Aurors shield and sliced his upper arm open.

 

“Expelliarmus!”

 

The Aurors wand flew into Theo’s hand, and as soon as he caught it, he made his way over to the man and performed a basic healing charm. As Mitchell’s wound began to sew itself back together, Theo handed him his wand.

 

“Interesting tactic,” Mitchell said as he glanced at his arm, “You used some pretty inventive home-made spells there. I haven’t seen anyone use Levicorpus in a duel since I worked with Sirius Black…”

 

Theo grinned, “I’ll take that as a compliment, sir, he was a prankster extraordinaire.”

 

Mitchell surveyed Theo, “So that’s the tactic, lull your opponent into a false sense of security with schoolboy hexes then catch them unawares.”

 

“I learned a while ago that you can get away with a lot when people don’t expect anything of you,” Theo admitted, “That’s why I play the clown and study for my exams in secret.”

 

Mitchell laughed, “Yeah, Sirius would have been proud to call you his protégé. I remember how he would spend his days at school goofing around in class and his nights studying with Remus.”

 

Theo snorted to himself at that. From what he knew about Harry’s Godfather, he was fairly sure that whatever Sirius was doing with Remus all night long that it wasn’t studying. If Mitchell noticed this, he didn’t say anything as he led Theo off of the duelling platform.

 

“Does this mean I’ve passed then?” Theo asked.

 

Mitchell nodded as he opened a white door at the other side of the room, “By the skin of your teeth on some tasks but a pass all the same.”

 

Theo grinned broadly as he looked around the room they had just emerged into. Draco positively beamed when he saw Theo walk into the room. The blond boy bounded across the room and hugged his best friend, “Thank Merlin! You took forever. I was so worried! Holy shit, what happened to your arm?”

 

“I got bitten by a Kappa,” Theo said with a vaguely amused smile, “But it’s good to feel appreciated.”

 

“If you don’t mind Mr Black, can you relinquish your grip on your boyfriend so I can debrief him?” Mitchell asked with an amused smirk.

 

Draco’s cheeks flushed pink as he let go of Theo and nodded, “Oh yeah, I’m just proud of you, mate.”

 

Theo shot Draco an amused grin as he sat down on the other side of the room and watched Mitchell walk over to a desk. He picked up a brown file and walked back over to Theo. He flicked it open as he took a seat next to him, “Let’s begin with your physical results, shall we?”

 

“Do we have to?” Theo asked with a grimace.

 

Mitchell smirked as he glanced down, “Yeah, we have to. You took ten hits out of a possible twelve on our test of your reflexes, two more hits and you would have been out.”

 

“Yeah, I’m not the most agile,” Theo said sheepishly.

 

“We noticed,” Mitchell said, “You finished the assault course in 2 minutes and 58 seconds.”

 

Theo whistled, “I knew it was tight, but I never realised it was that tight.”

 

“You did pretty well in a lot of aspects of the course mind you,” Mitchell said, “You scaled that net faster than anyone else has so far. Climbing up hills doesn’t seem to be a strong point of yours though and don’t even get me started on magical creatures.”

 

“Don’t get me started on magical creatures!” Theo objected, “My arm is killing me! What do Kappa’s and Grindylows have to do with Auror training anyway?”

 

“You need to be capable of dealing with unexpected things. What would you do if you were called to a scene with multiple casualties, and you established that it had been a dragon attack rather than a human suspect?” Auror Mitchell quipped.

 

“I would floo my best friend’s girl and get her to come and hug the dragon. She’s into animal rights, saving house-elves, all that crap,” Theo said with a wave of his hand.

 

Auror Mitchell seemed to be struggling not to laugh, “You need a basic grounding in the handling of magical creatures, Mr Nott.”

 

“You should tell Draco that,” Theo said with a smirk in Draco’s direction, “He doesn’t have the best track record with Hippogriffs.”

 

“He didn’t get bitten by every magical creature on that assault course though,” Mitchell reminded Theo as he looked back down at the page, “Now, your flying assault course. Your time was pretty damn good. We reckon the fastest time a candidate should be able to set on the Firebolt is 1 minute and 38 seconds; you did it in 1 minute and 39 seconds. However, you lost 20 seconds for missing four of the hoops.”

 

Theo grimaced, “So my time was 1 minute and 59 seconds?”

 

Mitchell nodded, “You seem pretty good at scraping by the skin of your teeth.”

 

“Story of my life,” Theo admitted sheepishly.

 

“Your suspect chase,” Mitchell continued, “You hotwired a scooter.”

 

“The rules just said I couldn’t use my wand,” Theo pointed out.

 

“How do you know how to hotwire a scooter?” Mitchell asked, “And you know it’s illegal, don’t you?”

 

“In the muggle world,” Theo said, “I doubt we have that written into any of our laws.”

 

“We have a law that states that we must adhere to muggle laws while in the muggle world,” Mitchell pointed out, “Ask your best friend’s girl if you don’t believe me, I’m sure she could verify that for you.”

 

“I’m sure the princess could,” Theo muttered under his breath.

 

“So how did you know how to hotwire a scooter?” Mitchell asked again.

 

“My Muggle Studies teacher had to take a couple of weeks off sick with the pox,” Theo said honestly, “We had a sub, and he taught us.”

 

“A teacher taught you how to hotwire a vehicle?” Mitchell asked in disbelief.

 

“A substitute teacher,” Theo emphasised.

 

Mitchell shook his head in disbelief, “Right, thankfully you did much better in the tests on your magical abilities. In our accuracy test that we conducted in Diagon Alley, you scored 38 points out of a possible 40 which we were very impressed with. You are the first candidate so far today who hasn’t hit any civilians.”

 

“Yes,” Theo said with a fist pump, “No civilian casualties, that means I’ve done one better than Draco and Nev!”

 

Mitchell tried not to look amused as he continued, “So you hit all ten Death Eaters which we like to see. You took nine of them out effectively and cocked one up by slipping on the flobberworms that you unleashed.”

 

“Yeah, we know about my track record with magical creatures,” Theo said with a wave of his hand.

 

“But you didn’t kill any Death Eaters so we would have been able to question all those captured,” Mitchell added, “I liked the fact you realised that stunning charms could rebound so used binding charms instead. It was swift and very effective; we were impressed with your results on that one.”

 

Theo looked quite proud of himself as Mitchell went onto the next test, “Now onto the shielding test. You were hit with two curses, but one of them cost you double because it was the killing curse.”

 

“Yeah, not my finest moment,” Theo admitted.        

 

“In all fairness, you had a pretty bad head wound,” Mitchell admitted, “We wondered about sending in a Healer when we saw you take that hit.”

 

“I’ve got a hard head,” Theo said with a wave of his hand. In reality, his head still really hurt.

 

“We were impressed with your spell casting too,” Mitchell continued, “You acquired 28 points in that round. You fired 24 spells but used the same spell once which lost you a point. You gained five points for your use of the Patronus charm, however. We were impressed by the range of your spells and by your speed.”

 

“Thanks,” Theo said in all seriousness.

 

“And you know what I think of your duelling technique,” Mitchell said as he shut the file, “So that’s you done for today. If you wait here with your friends, we will inform you of your next move once every candidate has completed their physical and magical tests. I’m going to send a Healer in to take a look at that Kappa wound for you as well so sit tight, alright?”

 

“Yes sir,” Theo as he shook the Aurors hand.

 

Mitchell smiled at him as he got to his feet, “Congratulations Mr Nott,” he said as he walked towards the door.

 

Theo was buzzing as he got to his feet and made his way over to his friends. Neville got up and patted him on the back, “Well done, mate.”

 

“You too,” Theo said as he grinned, “That’s it now then isn’t it? Harry’s going to do it, how can he not?”

 

“You never know,” Neville said thoughtfully, “It’s highly unlikely, but he might make a big mistake.”

 

Theo snorted, “Nah, all of that is going to be a piece of piss for Harry. I barely scraped through the physical though, another 2 seconds in the assault course and I’d have failed and another second on the flying assault course and I’d have been out on my ear.”

 

Draco frowned, “You’re great on a broom, though.”

 

Theo looked a little sheepish, “Yeah, I just sort of tried to go too fast, and I may have missed a hoop or two…”

 

Neville shook his head in amusement, “And a Kappa did that to you?”

 

Theo glanced down at the oozing wound on his arm, “Yeah, a Kappa took a chunk out of my arm, a Grindylow had a bite too, whatever was in that bog nibbled away at me and then I slipped on an overturned barrel of flobberworms in the Diagon Alley simulation…”

 

Neville burst out laughing, “Mate, you need to get better at handling magical creatures.”

 

“And plants,” Draco cut in with an amused grin.

 

Theo rolled his eyes, but he wasn’t irritated with them. He was just absolutely thrilled that they had made it this far, he sat down on Draco’s other side and said, “So did anyone else finish from our heat Nev?”

 

Neville nodded, he motioned over to the area where Eddie Carmichael and Maxwell were sitting. They had now been joined by a tall girl who looked a little older than them, she had dark brown hair and deep brown eyes, she looked like a bit of a tomboy, “She did, her name is Lesley, and she was two years above us in school.”

 

“She was a Hufflepuff,” Draco added.

 

“She seems nice enough,” Neville continued.

 

“Fair enough,” Theo said, “Mind you, not everyone who gets through today is going to get through tomorrow, are they?”

 

“Tomorrow is the mental torture,” Draco said quietly, “Only the toughest are going to survive that.”

 

“Try not to be so pessimistic,” Neville said as he glanced towards the doors, “And keep your fingers crossed for Harry, I reckon he must be going in the next heat.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


Time seemed to drag for Harry when Neville and Theo entered their testing rooms. He had no one to make small talk with anymore, which meant that the minutes seemed to take hours to pass. The number of people in the waiting room had dwindled now, none of them had tried to make friends with anyone that they didn’t know, so it had been a relatively quiet few hours.

 

“Alright, time for the next heat!” Sumner’s voice boomed.

 

Harry perked up at that. Theo had gone at the end of the last heat and “N” wasn’t a million miles away from “P” so he was hoping that he would get to go in this heat.

 

Sumner stepped forward and said, “When I call your name, I want you to line up in front of your door!”

 

“O’Connor, Ann-Marie: Door 1.

Potter, Harry: Door 2.

Redford, Jessica: Door 3.

Sandford, Miriam: Door 4.

Telford, Samuel: Door 5!”

 

Harry practically bounced out of his seat and stood in front of the door to Testing Room 2. He glanced behind him into the waiting area, which was almost empty now. There was an odd number which meant that the last heat looked like it would consist of two people. One of them was a dark-skinned girl who looked a little older than them, and the other was a skinny, scared-looking boy who Harry would have guessed was a year younger than himself.

 

“On the count of 3 you will enter the room and begin your test,” Sumner instructed them. Harry was practically bouncing on the balls of his feet as he began his countdown, “3...2...1.”

 

Harry entered the room immediately and looked around as he tried to work out what the task was going to be. He had a feeling it would have something to do with dodging spells, but he looked down at the plaque for confirmation;

 

“When you cross the line, stinging charms will be fired at you in quick succession. This test requires you to place your wand in the holder beneath this plaque. Should you be hit with 12 or more stinging charms, you will fail this room.”

 

Harry smiled to himself. He wasn’t particularly concerned about this one; he had spent his entire life dodging spells. He was small and quick, that was what made him such a good seeker. He placed his wand into the wooden holder that had emerged from beneath the plaque, then crossed the line to begin the test.

 

He had expected it to be like real combat when you didn’t know where the spell was coming from until you saw the flash of light—however, this room simulated spells which made his job much easier. There was a tell-tale hissing sound that came before each spell, so Harry knew what direction the spells were coming from a split-second before he saw the light.

 

The room was quite small, so he had to be quick, and he hurt himself a little as he threw himself around the room into various walls. He would duck to avoid one spell, and then he would need to dive across the room to avoid the next one.

 

The spells began to come out of the walls two at a time after that which only made Harry feel more like an acrobat. He would jump then swerve then duck and roll, he was getting into the rhythm of it and enjoying himself, and he hadn’t been hit once. However, that couldn’t last forever, and he knew it. The people watching him obviously thought he was finding it a little too easy because the spells began to fire out of the walls three at a time, and it was only then that he began to struggle.

 

He had to balance on one leg and press himself against a wall to avoid being hit by two of the stinging spells, but the third one hit the top of his shoulder. He didn’t even hiss in pain; it felt like a paper cut to him if he was honest. However, he did curse himself because, at that point, the spells stopped firing.

 

“Ugh! Really? I was that close to getting through without getting hit once!” Harry exclaimed as a loud click, signified that the door in front of him had been unlocked.

 

He shook his head as he stepped through the door because he was frustrated at himself. He frowned when he emerged into a bright sunny field, but he grinned when he saw the obstacle course laid out before him, “This looks fun,” he said as he clapped his hands together and looked down at the plaque;

 

“When you cross the line, we will begin to time you from our observation area. This obstacle course will test every element of your physical strength, and if you fail to complete it within the 3-minute timescale, you will fail this room. You may use your wand, but only against any magical obstacles you come across, you will receive a five-second penalty for using your wand for any other means.”

 

Harry took his wand from the wooden drawer beneath the plaque, and he popped it in its holster on his upper thigh. He wasted no time in attacking the first obstacle, like everyone else, he took a running start and vaulted over the hurdles with ease.

 

He knew that he looked like a weedy little runt, but Harry was far fitter than he looked. He threw himself to the ground and made his way through the mud beneath the low net very quickly. It also helped that he didn’t mind getting dirty having spent a year on the run with no running water.

 

He pulled himself to his feet when he emerged from the net, and he darted over to the next obstacle which was the tunnel on the steep incline that the rest of his friends had struggled with in one way or another. Harry dropped down to the ground once more and began to pull himself up, it was slippery which was a bit of a challenge, but he was so light that pulling himself up the steep incline wasn’t particularly hard.

 

Harry hadn’t even broken a sweat as he pushed himself to his feet atop the little knoll. However, he didn’t like the look of the wooden balancing beam that crossed the ravine. He knew it was stupid for him to have a fear of heights considering how much he loved flying, he felt safe when he had a broomstick to hold onto but when he could just fall…it was a different story.

 

He knew his time was good so far, so he allowed himself a moment to take a deep breath before stepping onto the beam. Harry tried his best not to look down, but he had to look at the beam to make sure that his feet were steadied, he shut his eyes tightly when he realised that the wooden beam moved slightly when he put his weight onto it. He took another breath and concentrated on his feet rather than the drop below him, it seemed to take forever to cross, but in reality, he knew that it was seconds.

 

Harry blew out a sigh of relief as he stepped back onto solid ground again. He knew he had to make up time, so he ran and jumped onto the rope net. Scaling it was as easy for him as it had been for Theo, he threw himself over the top and made it down in record time. Once he was satisfied with the drop, he let go, fell to the ground and landed rather gracefully on all fours.

 

He then took a run at the rope and grabbed onto it. He allowed himself to gather a bit of momentum to get him across the river then he dropped down onto the opposite bank and jogged towards the lake. He was very grateful to Dudley and the bullies he had been friends with when they had been younger; it was thanks to him that Harry was so good at running, he had spent the first 11 years of his life running from them after all.

 

The moment he reached the lake and saw how deep it was, he knew that he was at a slight disadvantage. Harry could swim, he had taught himself when he realised that he was going to have to do a task in the Black Lake in his fourth year. All the same, while Harry was capable of swimming, he wasn’t the strongest swimmer in the world or the fastest.

 

He waded into the water and pushed off. He swam as fast as he could, but he could feel the strain of it already, running didn’t make him out of breath, but he found swimming a lot more physically taxing. He reached the first wooden beam and ducked under it, he needed to hold onto the second one and take a breather, but he managed to get underneath it all the same. He could tell that he was halfway across the lake now but just as he realised that fact he felt something grab his ankle.

 

“Grindylows,” Harry muttered irritably as he shot a stunning charm into the water. He didn’t know whether it had burned the Grindylow or stunned it, but the creature let go which was all that he cared about. He pushed on and ducked underneath the third and fourth beams. He was really out of breath by the time he saw the Kappa looking at him with hungry eyes. Harry knew that he couldn’t outswim the Kappa, but he didn’t want to spend a lot of time trying to trick it into bowing either, so he threw up a full-body shield charm and waded the short distance to the edge of the lake.

 

Harry felt incredibly unfit as he jogged from the lake to the next obstacle, which involved heights again. He was huffing and panting, but he tried to ignore his exhaustion as he grabbed the handholds on the wooden pole and began to climb it. He didn’t have to look down this time; he kept his gaze ahead as he scaled the pole as fast as he could. Harry knew that he would be faster if he wasn’t wearing soaking wet clothes, he cursed his decision to wear jeans today.

 

At the top of the pole, Harry grabbed the zip line and shut his eyes tightly before launching himself off of the high platform. He only opened them when his feet hit the ground. The force pushed him forward so that he ended up on his knees in the shallow, marshy water. He got to his feet and began to wade through the water; he swore under his breath when he felt a sharp pain in his ankle. Harry could tell that he had been bitten by something, so he threw up a magical shield around his feet as he continued to push his way through the water.

 

When he stepped out of it, he looked ahead and realised that the next obstacle was the last one, so that gave him a boost of energy. He ran towards it and threw himself onto the first tier, he army crawled through the tight gap between the two slats of wood and found it easy to twist his body around in the tight gap in-between tier one and two. He pulled himself up, crawled through the second tier just as quickly and then pulled himself onto the top of the wooden platform. He bypassed the pole and just took a running jump off of the platform, he landed on all fours once more and did a forward roll over the finishing line.

 

By the time he had finished, he was out of breath, but he felt like he had set a pretty good time, and he had found the obstacle course pretty fun too. He stayed on the grass for a minute or two until his breathing began to return to normal, and that was when he heard a disembodied female voice speak to him.

 

“Please proceed through the door onto the next section of the test Mr Potter.”

 

Harry looked up and noticed that a door had materialised out of nowhere in front of him. He wasted no time in heading through it because he was excited to see what the next room would hold. At first, he didn’t notice the broomsticks on the clifftop, he was blinded by the bright sun temporarily but once he had blinked a couple of times and looked around his face broke out into a grin. He already knew that he was going to ace this task before he had even read the plaque;

 

“When you leave the clifftop, we will begin to time your progress. Throughout this flight course, there are 12 golden hoops which you must pass through. Should you miss any hoops, we will deduct 5 seconds from your overall time. Should you take any longer than 2 minutes you will fail this room. You may choose between the three broomsticks on offer, choose wisely.”

 

Harry didn’t have to weigh up his options; he knew that he wanted the Firebolt. He didn’t need a strategy or a plan to get through this task; flying had always come naturally to him. He picked the Firebolt up, mounted it and set off from the clifftop.

 

The first part of the assault course was easy, the ravine was tight, but he had flown through tighter spots. The two that came to mind were his second year when he and Draco had flown underneath the stands and in his fourth year when he had been chased through mountains by a tremendous bloody dragon. This was far easier in comparison. When the ravine opened up Harry pushed the Firebolt because he knew that he could, he weaved with the grace of a bird between trees and cliffs, he soared underneath fallen tree trunks and let his feet skim along the water. He forgot that he was doing a task because he was enjoying feeling the sun on his skin, and the wind whipping through his hair so much.

 

The ravine got tighter again towards the end of the course, but Harry did not let up his speed. He soared through the tight, twisty canyon and landed gracefully on the clifftop that marked the end of the course. He didn’t want to appear cocky, but he knew the moment he had dismounted that he had done well.

 

Surely enough, a door materialised in the cliffside in front of him almost immediately. Harry grinned as he yanked it open and stepped into the next room. He could tell straight away that the room was a simulated area of London, but he had no idea what area of London it was. He glanced down at the plaque to find out more;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be required to chase down a suspect. However, you may not use your wand to aid you in this task. When you place your wand in the holder provided, we will provide you with a picture of the suspect. If you fail to catch the suspect within 3 kilometres, you fail this room.”

 

Harry placed his wand in the wooden holder that had emerged from beneath the wooden plaque. He then picked up the wizarding photograph and glanced down at it, his suspect was a young man with jet black hair and shifty eyes. Knowing this, Harry looked up at the street and contemplated the best way to chase down the suspect successfully. He grinned to himself as an idea formed in his head.

 

Harry knew what he was going to do so he didn’t waste any more time. He stepped across the line and was unsurprised when the street suddenly became full of muggles. Of course, it would have been far too easy if he had just had to chase someone down an empty street. He saw his suspect disappear into the thick crowd straight away, so Harry ran after him and kept his eyes on the dark-haired man as he chased him through the crowd and around the corner. As they entered a wider part of the street, the crowd began to thin, which gave Harry a perfect chance to put his plan into motion. The informational plaque had said no wands, but it did not specify no magic, so Harry decided he would use this to his advantage. Once he had gotten close enough to his suspect, Harry held out his hand and flicked it towards the man’s feet.

 

The dark-haired man that he was chasing grunted as he suddenly tripped to the ground. This gave Harry a few seconds, which was all he needed to catch the man up. He reached him just as he had gotten back onto his feet, so Harry tackled him and held him down on the ground.

 

The moment the suspect hit the ground, the scene dematerialised and went back to being a boring, empty muggle street. Harry grinned as he dusted the muck off his hands, he looked around for his way out and saw that a door had appeared in the wall in front of him.

 

He was feeling pretty good about himself as he walked through the door. He didn’t know how many tasks would be included in each test, so he was expecting another simulated environment. He hadn’t expected to walk into a waiting room, but it was clear that this was what that was.

 

“Congratulations Mr Potter, you have successfully passed the physical aspect of our selection test. You have ten minutes to patch yourself up and refresh yourself before starting the next test which will assess your magical capabilities,” The disembodied female voice that had spoken to him said.

 

Harry glanced at the medical table; he felt a little smug that he didn’t need it. Apart from the slight burn mark where he had been hit by one stinging charm, he didn’t have any injuries. Instead, he opted for water, he walked to the fountain and downed a cup of water before pouring himself another. He collapsed into a chair and allowed himself a brief moment of rest as he sipped at it.

 

The ten minutes passed very quickly. Before Harry knew it, the female voice was speaking to him once more, “Your rest period is over Mr Potter. Please proceed through the door ahead to begin our test on your magical capabilities.”

 

Harry followed the instruction and stepped through the white door. After the simulated situations, he had faced in the physical test he was expecting to emerge into a similar situation, so he was unsurprised when he found himself in Diagon Alley. Before he read the plaque he looked around; he could tell that this had been programmed before the war because this wasn’t Diagon Alley as he knew it now, but it was similar enough to feel real. He glanced down at the plaque to find out what his task for this room would be;

 

“When you cross the line, Death Eaters will appear in the alley. Your task is to take down as many as you can. However, there are rules. You will be penalised for hitting civilians, and taking a Death Eater down without killing them is preferable. We cannot question a dead Death Eater, but we can force veritaserum down the throat of a captured one.”

 

Harry surveyed the busy street and tried to come up with the most effective way to take out Death Eaters without hurting any civilians. He knew he would have to keep it to charms that couldn’t do any harm to civilians like binding and stunning charms. He took his wand out of the wooden holder beneath the plaque and twirled it between his fingers thoughtfully, without knowing where the Death Eaters would materialise or how they would act there was only so much planning that he could do.

 

So, he threw caution to the wind and stepped over the red line. The Death Eaters immediately began to apparate into the street, which caused complete chaos. Amongst the chaos, Harry disillusioned himself (because he didn’t have his trusty invisibility cloak on him today) and slipped into the crowd. The Death Eaters had no idea where he was, which made it easy for Harry to chase them and get a clean shot. He took out four with binding charms in quick succession, and this caused the other Death Eaters to panic and disperse. He spotted a couple running towards the Leaky Cauldron, but the others seemed to shrink away from prying eyes.

 

Harry focused on the ones that he could see first, he pulled himself onto the canopy above Fortescue’s and crouched there as he aimed at the back of one of the fleeing Death Eaters. He hit him with a full-body bind which was incredibly effective. Harry then turned his attention to the other fleeing Death Eater who was a little further away, he was just out of range for a stunning charm or a full-body bind to work so over the screams on the alley below Harry whispered, “Incarcerous!”

 

Ropes wrapped themselves around the man’s body, and he fell to the ground in a heap. Harry had taken out six Death Eaters, and when he had watched them apparate into the alley, he had spotted ten wisps of black smoke. By his reckoning that meant there were four more lurking about somewhere. He still had an advantage because they didn’t know where he was so he dropped down silently and crept along the edge of the alley, all the while he kept his eyes peeled for men in black cloaks wearing creepy masks.

 

Unsurprisingly, they weren’t that difficult to spot. One was lurking outside of Weasley’s Wizard Wheezes. Harry took him out with a whispered, “Petrificus Totalus.”

 

He spotted another Death Eater hiding behind a row of cages outside of Eeylops, and he found it hard to get a clean shot at that one, regardless of the angle he tried to attack from. In the end, Harry aimed at the man with a piercing charm in the hope that if he hit him, it would knock him back, which would enable him to stun the Death Eater. However, the charm only brushed his shoulder, and before Harry could do anything more, the Death Eater had fled inside the pet shop.

 

Harry cursed to himself as he looked around the alley for the remaining two Death Eaters. He saw one on the balconied area above the door to Gringotts, and he took him out with a stunning charm. The last Death Eater had been tracking him via the direction of his spells because at that moment, Harry sensed someone behind him. He turned around just in time to see a large Death Eater advancing on him. He knew that a stunning or binding charm would be ineffective because of the slight delay, so he acted on instinct and shot an arrow out of his wand. It hit the Death Eater in the shoulder which knocked him back for long enough to allow Harry to perform a full-body bind on him.

 

When this Death Eater fell the scene dematerialised. Harry was a bit frustrated with himself again, he had gotten so close to a perfect score, but he had let one Death Eater get away, and that made him want to curse himself. The unconscious bodies of all the Death Eaters he had managed to subdue vanished and then so did the panicked crowd of witches and wizards. Harry took that as a sign that he had passed the test, so he made himself visible again and glanced around the deserted alley as he waited for something to happen.

 

“You have passed this test, Mr Potter,” The female voice informed him, “Please proceed inside Gringotts bank for your next task.”

 

Harry slipped his wand back into its holster and stepped into the bank. He frowned because he immediately realised that this wasn’t the bank at all; it was a firing range.

 

“I’m the bloody target,” Harry mumbled to himself, “Story of my life.”

 

The Death Eater opposite of him did not move so Harry read the plaque to establish what he was supposed to do;

 

“When you cross the line, the Death Eater will fire spells of varying levels at you which you must shield. To pass this room, you must not be hit by more than five spells. Note that the killing curse counts as two spells because it is the only spell which can kill you.”

 

Harry grinned, he knew that he ought to do well on this one because shield charms were his speciality. He had always been very good at them, to the extent that he had taught better classes on shield charms to the DA and the eighth years in his brief tenure as ‘professor’ Potter than some of their DADA teachers had throughout the years.

 

As he stepped across the line, Harry felt very confident. The Death Eater began by firing spells that were easily defendable with “Protego”, but Harry did not let his guard drop because he knew fine well that the spells would get more difficult to defend. Surely enough, the Death Eater ramped up the intensity and began to throw spells at Harry that required stronger shield charms, but Harry defended them with ease too.

 

When the Death Eater began to throw in spells that were not defendable with a magical shield charm, Harry had to get inventive. He knew that he could just duck or swerve to avoid the charms, but that was boring. Instead, he blocked them by conjuring blocks of stone to protect himself; he found it interesting to see how spells affected various types of rock and stone.

 

He knew that it wasn’t possible to defend against “Glacius” so when the Death Eater fired it at him, Harry simply threw up a wall of fire to protect himself. The ice melted immediately when it made contact with the intense heat of the fire, and Harry felt pretty good about himself as he let the firewall drop.

 

That all changed when he saw the flash of green light leave the Death Eaters wand. When he heard the words “Avada Kedavra” being uttered, he heard them in Voldemort’s voice. He didn’t shut his eyes, but the room around him seemed to dissolve and become the Forbidden Forest. He heard his Mother scream; he heard Hagrid howl; he felt the coldness that was death envelope his entire body. The last time he had seen that curse flying towards him, he had died, he had actually died and gone to purgatory, and then through some miracle, he had come back. If that wasn’t cause for post-traumatic stress, then he didn’t know what was.

 

Harry sucked in a breath of air so violently that it came as a gasp. He knew that he only had seconds before the spell reached him, so he did the first thing that came to mind and dropped to his knees. The spell flew over his head, but he had been seconds away from death for the first time in over a year and that had really, truly scared him.

 

He did not get up straight away, and he was aware that his breathing was coming rather heavily when the female voice spoke to him again, “You have passed this task, Mr Potter. Please proceed into Ollivander’s wand shop.”

 

Harry blew out a breath and pushed himself to his feet. He took his time as he stepped out of the bank into the sunny street, he wanted to give himself a moment to catch his breath and to get his head back in the right place. He knew that his response to the killing curse hadn’t been good enough, but he couldn’t focus on that right now. He sucked in another breath then stepped into Ollivander’s and quickly realised that it was nothing like the real shop; it was another firing range. This time he wasn’t the target which he was grateful for, the target appeared to be a dummy on the other side of the fairly small square room.

 

Harry glanced down at the plaque to read the instructions for this room;

 

“When you cross the line, you will have 2 minutes to fire as many spells as you can at the dummy provided. You will lose points for using the same spell more than once or for using dark magic. You will gain points for portraying any highly skilful spells.”

 

Harry nodded to himself as he got his head back in gear. He didn’t know that many spells, he figured he was going to have to throw every duelling spell he knew at the dummy and hope for the best but he didn’t know as many inventive homemade spells as Draco and Theo. He knew he could cast spells quickly and he suspected that a Patronus charm would count as skilled magic, so he just had to hope he knew more spells than he thought he did.

 

Without thinking on it any further Harry stepped across the line and began to fire spells at the dummy. He didn’t have a tactic; he just fired the spells as they popped into his head. The first one was “Expelliarmus” of course. He threw every duelling spell that he could think of at that dummy and he amazed himself with how many he remembered. He was even using spells that he hadn’t used in duels since the duelling club in second year. However, as his time began to run out his spell knowledge seemed to dwindle, in his panic he slashed the dummy with “Sectumsempra” which he knew would lose him points because he was reasonably sure that it would count as dark magic. He was about to start floundering because his limited spell knowledge was beginning to show, but at that point, a loud buzzer announced that his time was up.

 

Harry was very grateful for that. He breathed a sigh of relief and looked around as he waited for his next instruction.

 

“Well done Mr Potter,” The female voice said, “You have passed this room. Please proceed through the door ahead.”

 

Harry looked ahead just as a door materialised in the wall. He stepped through it and smiled knowingly when he saw that the only equipment in the room was a large, grand duelling platform.

 

He smiled at the woman standing atop the duelling platform, and she smiled back at him, “Congratulations on getting this far Mr Potter. My name is Auror Carter, and as you may have guessed, your final task is to duel me.”

 

Harry climbed up onto the duelling platform, “And are there rules with this duel?”

 

“You cannot kill me, and we frown upon the use of dark magic,” Auror Carter replied, “But I am expecting an impressive duel from you. Your friend, Mr Black, told me that he was not at all worried about duelling a qualified Auror because I was no match for you.”

 

Harry laughed at that, “Well, I am the third-best dueller in Britain,” he said with just a touch of arrogance.

 

Auror Carter began to walk towards him, “Then I suppose I ought to make sure I am at my best.”

 

“I don’t want you to go easy on me if that’s what your implying,” Harry said as he walked towards her, “I’m no ordinary Auror trainee.”

 

“I may have noticed,” Carter said as she raised an eyebrow at him. Harry was fondly reminded of McGonagall. They reached the middle of the duelling platform, bowed to each other then retreated to their respective ends of the duelling platform.

 

The duel began immediately, and Auror Carter made sure not to pull any punches with Harry. Her spell casting was faster, and she bypassed the ‘basic’ duelling charms. That was probably a good thing because Harry had got stuck in there with a pretty powerful blasting curse.

 

Harry didn’t have a duelling tactic. He just fired whatever he could at his opponent until he saw a convenient opening. As soon as he saw that opening, he took it, regardless of whether it was risky. He supposed he duelled like a true Gryffindor even if he had Slytherin traits in other aspects of life.

 

Harry tried to distract Auror Carter by using spells that she wouldn’t necessarily have seen in a duel too often. He fired a stream of boiling water at her, but she countered it by conjuring a fireball and throwing it at Harry.

 

Harry threw up a shield charm to defend against the fireball which meant that it bounced off of his shield and soared back in her direction. For the next few seconds, they played ‘ping-pong’ with the fireball as it bounced from shield charm to shield charm. After that, Harry got bored, so he extinguished the fireball and threw a rather nasty cutting curse at the Auror.

 

Carter avoided the unshieldable curse and left herself open as she prepared a powerful blasting curse behind her shield charm. It was the sort of curse that took a few seconds to power up and leave the wand, so Harry seized this opening.

 

He used speechless magic to turn the wall behind the Auror into a mirror, and as the blasting curse left her wand, he threw up a shield charm to protect himself against it. From behind his shield charm, he cast “Expelliarmus” and aimed at a spot just above Auror Carter’s shoulder. The Auror hadn’t realised that the wall behind her had become a mirror, so she just assumed that his spell had missed. She opened her mouth to throw a counter-curse in his direction, but before she could do so, his spell rebounded off of the mirror and hit the Auror in the back. Her wand was plucked from her hand, and it soared through the air to Harry, who jumped to catch it.

 

Auror Carter smiled at him with a hint of amusement, “I was told that you finished every duel with Expelliarmus.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes as he walked towards Carter’s end of the platform, “I don’t finish every duel with it. Why does everyone insist that I do?”

 

“Perhaps because you killed one of the darkest wizards who has ever lived with that spell,” Carter said matter of factly.

 

Harry shrugged. He handed her wand back to her and jumped off of the platform, “I don’t think that means I deserve to be typecast.”

 

Carter smiled again, “That was a good duel, Mr Potter. I didn’t expect sneaky tactics like that from a former Gryffindor however.”

 

“I don’t have a duelling technique,” Harry admitted, “I just see an opening and go for it.”

 

“Regardless of the risk factor,” Carter commented, “And that is very noble of you.”

 

“Were you a Gryffindor by any chance ma’am?” Harry asked her.

 

Carter shook her head as they reached the white door. She pulled it open and led Harry through it, “No, I was in Ravenclaw.”

 

Before Harry could say anything else, he heard a cheer. He grinned in amusement when he realised that it had come from Draco, Neville and Theo. Carter rolled her eyes, but she was trying to conceal a small smile, “Settle down boys, your compadre still has to be briefed.”

 

Harry chuckled as Carter directed him towards a seat at the far end of the room. He sat down in the incredibly comfortable chair and watched her take a brown file from the only desk in the room. When she had it in her hand, she walked back over to him and took a seat by his side, “Well, Mr Potter, your physical test results were frankly, bloody impressive.”

 

Harry grinned, “Really?”

 

Carter nodded as she flipped the file open and continued, “You performed exceptionally well in our test on your reflexes. We ramped up the volume just for you, you took one hit out of a possible twelve, but I’m sure you would have gotten a perfect score if we hadn’t made it harder for you.”

 

“Thanks for that,” Harry said with a hint of frustration, “Do you know how annoying it is that I was that close to a perfect score?”

 

Carter smiled, “Sorry, but we had to test you. If it makes you feel any better, the last time someone scored that well was about five years ago. Now onto your time on the assault course, you completed it in 2 minutes and 42 seconds, which is a great time. We were impressed by how fast you were. You flew through most of the obstacles; you set a record time on the net for this group of candidates.”

 

Harry smiled proudly at that; he was glad that he had done well, but it was good to hear his strengths and weaknesses from another point of view.

 

“That course did flag up a few weaknesses too,” Carter added, “Swimming being one of them.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry admitted, “I’m not the strongest swimmer, I can admit that. If I had been in open water, I would have struggled.”

 

“That’s something we can improve on,” Carter assured him, “The other thing I picked up on was that you seem to have a fear of heights.”

 

“Not exactly,” Harry admitted, “I have a fear of falling. I’ve been knocked off of broomsticks, and I’ve fallen down the side of a school with a dragon on my arse, I guess it left me a little bit scarred.”

 

“That might require a bit of fine-tuning to fix, but I’m sure we will get there,” Carter said as she glanced back down at his file, “I don’t need to say much about the flying assault course. You did it in a time of 1 minute and 37 seconds, I have already told one candidate today that it’s a record time. We got an international Quidditch star in here to test the course, and he set a time of 1 minute and 38 seconds.”

 

“Who was the other candidate?” Harry asked as his eyes darted across the room.

 

“Mr Black,” Carter replied.

 

Harry grinned, “Which one of us was faster?”

 

“You both set a time of 1 minute and 37 seconds,” Carter replied diplomatically.

 

“Oh, come on!” Harry said, “What about milliseconds? One of us must have been faster.”

 

“I couldn’t disclose that information even if I knew it, Mr Potter,” Carter said with a stern look, “As competitive as you and your friends seem to be.”

 

Harry smiled sheepishly, “It’s a bad habit,” he admitted.

 

Carter shook her head in amusement and continued, “Now, the suspect chase. We did specify that you shouldn’t use magic.”

 

“No,” Harry cut in, “You specified that we couldn’t use our wands. I didn’t use my wand.”

 

Carter raised an eyebrow at him, “Technically there’s nothing I can do to punish you for that one because you’re right. You’ve flagged up a loophole that I am sure will be fixed before next year’s selection process begins.”

 

Harry smiled sheepishly, “Sorry, but I like to think of it as thinking outside the box.”

 

“Indeed,” Carter said as she fought back another smile, “Now onto our test on your magical abilities. You did very well on our accuracy test in Diagon Alley. You hit all ten Death Eaters which is what we like to see, and you managed to subdue nine of them through the most effective means possible which scored you 38 points out of a possible 40.”

 

“Do you know how irritated I was that I didn’t manage to get a perfect score on that one too?” Harry quipped.

 

“No one is perfect Mr Potter,” Carter reminded him, “Not even the Chosen One.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “Please never call me that, ma’am.”

 

Carter glanced back down at her notes, “You are one of only two candidates who have managed to succeed without hitting any civilians thus far if that takes your interest.”

 

“Was the other person Neville?” Harry asked curiously.

 

“No,” Carter replied, “It was Mr Nott.”

 

Harry glanced over at Theo with an impressed look on his face, “Really? I didn’t expect that…”

 

Carter ignored his contemplations and continued, “We were incredibly impressed with the shielding charms you used in our shielding test. You know a broad range and the shield charms that you did put up were very impressive. I had no idea you were so interested in geology, however.”

 

Harry smiled at that, “I got a bit bored,” he admitted.

 

Carter smiled back at him, “Now, your reaction to the killing curse was rated as adequate. You avoided being hit by it which is more than your friend Mr Nott managed, but I did see you freeze and I noticed your eyes glaze over. Am I right in saying it triggered a flashback?”

 

Harry nodded as a dark look passed across his face, “The last time someone fired that curse at me, I died and somehow, by some miracle, managed to come back to life. I didn’t think it had left that much of a mark on me but…”

 

Carter nodded as he trailed off, “If you succeed tomorrow and you are chosen as one of our new trainees we are going to get you help with that. We’ll put you in touch with the hospital on-site and make sure that mental health Healers talk to you about everything you went through, is that okay?”

 

Harry nodded, he hated the thought of seeing a therapist, but if it was the difference between becoming an Auror or not, then he would do it.

 

Carter seemed satisfied with his response because she continued, “You did well in our test on your spell casting too. You fired 25 spells overall which is the most anyone has managed today, you gained points for your use of the Patronus charm, but unfortunately, you lost some points for using dark magic.”

 

Harry nodded, “I’m sorry about that, it didn’t occur to me until afterwards that it was dark magic, but I mean…of course I know that it is, I’ve seen what it does.”

 

“Everyone makes mistakes Mr Potter which is why we don’t automatically fail people for using dark magic curses,” Carter explained, “It can be hard to discern what constitutes as dark magic especially with homemade curses like that one.”

 

Harry nodded as Carter finished, “And you know what I think of your duelling. Overall your technique is good, but I worry that perhaps it’s a little too risky. If you are accepted into the programme, we will gradually fine-tune that though.”

 

“Thank you,” Harry said as he shook her hand, “I appreciate you going through everything with me.”

 

“It was my pleasure,” Carter said with a small smile, “Now go and join your friends, I can tell that they’re dying to compare their experiences with yours.”

 

Harry laughed and made his way over to his three excitable friends. When he reached them, he grinned and said, “We did it! All four of us have passed the first stage!”

 

“I think it calls for a group hug!” Theo said, and he forced them all to have a good old group cuddle, much to the amusement of the other candidates who had made it this far.

 

Draco managed to wriggle out of the embrace first. Harry glanced around the room, “So do we know who everyone else is?”

 

Neville nodded, “Max Harper, he was a Slytherin in the year below us.”

 

“Yeah, he dated Mandy Brocklehurst,” Harry remembered.

 

Neville nodded again, “Exactly, the guy with him is Eddie Carmichael, he was a Ravenclaw two years above us in school. The girl over there with the dark hair is Lesley Kavanagh, she was two years above us as well, but she was a Hufflepuff.”

 

“I don’t know who she is,” Draco said as he nodded in the direction of another girl who was being briefed by Auror Mitchell.

 

“Jessica Redford,” Harry replied, “She was in my heat.”

 

The girl had dark red hair and looked relatively unassuming. Harry wasn’t sure what age she was from a first glance. He tore his eyes away and looked back to his friends, “So they really cut it down already, and we still have tomorrow to go.”

 

Draco nodded, he was trying not to think about tomorrow, “So how did you do in today’s tests?”

 

“Aced the physical,” Harry said with a grin, “And did pretty damn well in the magical part too. I got a joint record on the flight assault course.”

 

Draco narrowed his eyes at his friend, “You’re taking the piss, aren’t you?”

 

“Nope,” Harry smirked, “1 minute and 37 seconds.”

 

“I can’t believe you!” Draco exclaimed, “Every time I think I’m better than you at something! One of us must have been faster. What about milliseconds?”

 

“I asked Auror Carter, but she wouldn’t tell me,” Harry said honestly, “Can’t we just agree to be jointly awesome on this one?”

 

Draco huffed, “No, I wanted to have beat you to that. You got way more awards for Quidditch than me.”

 

“Yeah in the fake awards ceremony our classmates ran,” Harry snorted, “It’s not exactly official is it?”

 

Theo sniggered in amusement, “But for Draco, it’s still a sore spot. Hey Draco, at least you weren’t the worst at anything. I got bitten by everything, remember?”

 

Harry snorted in amusement, “What bit you?”

 

“Well, the Grindylows and the marshy creatures-”

 

“Dugbogs,” Neville cut in.

 

“Yeah those things,” Theo said offhandedly, “They had a good nibble at me, but the Kappa left a scar.”

 

Harry grimaced when he saw the wound on Theo’s shoulder.

 

“You should have seen it before they sent a pretty healer in to tidy it up for him,” Neville joked.

 

“Oh, don’t you be calling any healers pretty apart from Lil,” Harry said with a grin, “She’ll cut your balls off.”

 

“Don’t put the idea in her head. I’m convinced she would actually do it,” Neville joked.

 

The others all laughed, despite Draco’s huff they were all in good spirits because regardless of scores or times, all four of them had passed two out of the three tests they had come here to sit. All in all, it had been a bloody good day.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


Harry, Draco, Neville and Theo spent the next little while comparing their experiences in the testing rooms. It made the time pass incredibly quickly, and before they knew it, everyone from their group had been tested.

 

The dark-skinned girl that Harry had noticed earlier was the only one to emerge from a testing room from the final heat (although that heat had only consisted of two candidates anyway). She was briefed by Carter and then she joined the rest of the group, however before she could introduce herself the main door into the waiting room opened and Sumner stepped in.

 

“Congratulations to everyone who got this far,” He said as he clapped his hands together, “I’m going to take you down to the canteen for lunch now and then we’ll reconvene with Auror Shepherd’s group and see how many of you have fallen by the wayside already.”

 

“He’s a ray of sunshine,” Theo whispered as they were led from the room into the maze of corridors.

 

“I don’t think they’re all like that,” Harry whispered back, “Auror Carter is nice.”

 

Theo shot his friend an amused grin, “I bet you think so.”

 

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Harry asked defensively.

 

“I saw her raising her eyebrows and being all flirty with you,” Theo said as he waggled his eyebrows, “She’s an older woman in a position of authority, she’s attractive, she’s blonde.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “I’m quite happy with my fiancé, thanks very much,” he said as Draco and Neville sniggered.

 

They hadn’t been paying attention to where they were going, but they had emerged into a large canteen that was very loud. Recruits and trainers were all chatting away as they had their lunch. Sumner boomed out orders to the candidates. They had half an hour in which to eat then he would be dragging them back to meet up with the other group.

 

“They really cut us down, didn’t they?” Harry asked as he sat down at a large table and surveyed the people who had gotten through from their group, “There was like 20 people in our group to begin with.”

 

“17,” The dark-skinned girl piped up, “And they cut it down to 9. I’m Blanche by the way.”

 

“I’m Harry,” Harry said with a smile.

 

Blanche smiled and shot an amused look in the direction of Draco and Theo, “I know. I’m surprised Drakey hasn’t realised who I am yet.”

 

Draco’s eyes widened as he caught Theo’s eye. Theo frowned, but then he caught on, and the two boys exclaimed, “Blanche Zabini!”

 

“Zabini?” Neville quipped, “As in Blaise’s sister?”

 

“Half-sister,” Blanche said with a wave of her hand, “Our Mother goes through men like a flobberworm goes through lettuce.

 

“How many of you are there?” Theo asked curiously, “When I met Blaise, he said he had a lot of siblings, but he never gave me a number.”

 

“There were ten of us,” Blanche replied, “But Blake and Beau were killed during the war. Don’t apologise for it; they were caught up with a bad bunch of guys who became Death Eaters, so I don’t know what they expected to happen.”

 

Harry looked down awkwardly.

 

Blanche continued, “So there are eight of us now, and Blaise and I are the middle kids.”

 

“Out of eight?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

“Yep,” Blanche replied, “Blaise is my baby brother, but Beatrice and Billie are both younger than us.”

 

“Bea is in sixth year, isn’t she?” Draco asked.

 

Blanche nodded, “She will be going into sixth year after the summer yeah, and Billie will be going into third year. Brent is a year older than me, and he’s a lawyer in the DMLE. Then there is Byron; he’s a waste of space like his Dad I have no idea what he’s doing these days.”

 

“What about Blaine? Wasn’t he training to be an Auror?” Theo piped up.

 

“Yep, he’s an Auror now,” Blanche said with a nod, “I thought you’d have known that.”

 

“Why would I know that?” Theo asked with a frown.

 

“Because his Auror partner is Sorenson Cauldwell and didn’t you just marry his sister?” Blanche asked, shooting Theo an amused look.

 

“He did, but Sorenson and him aren’t exactly bosom buddies,” Neville said with a grin.

 

“He grudgingly accepted me when I married Sadie, that’s about as far as it goes,” Theo agreed with a snort.

 

“No brotherly love there, huh?” Blanche teased.

 

“Definitely not,” Draco chuckled, “What’s Belinda doing these days, Blanche? She’ll be the oldest now, won’t she?”

 

Blanche nodded, “She is, yeah. And she’s a judge in the DMLE now.”

 

“Your family have a thing about the DMLE, don’t they?” Harry asked curiously.

 

“Apart from the two that Voldemort radicalised,” Blanche replied sarcastically.

 

“Your mum has a thing about the letter B though, doesn’t she?” Neville remarked.

 

Blanche rolled her eyes, “Apparently our names all have double meanings. My Dad was an albino, so she named me Blanche because it means white. Original, right?”

 

Draco snorted in amusement, “Why is Blaise called Blaise then?”

 

“Mother thought it sounded like blasé and apparently Blaise’s Dad never got excited about anything,” Blanche replied.

 

“Blaise definitely takes after him then,” Theo grinned.

 

Blanche laughed at that, “Yeah, my brother doesn’t have the biggest personality in the world. It’s kind of hard when you come from a family as huge as ours though.”

 

“I’m interested in the size of your family,” Neville said as he leant forward, “I’d like to talk to you about lead paint sometime.”

 

“Oh give it up Neville,” Draco said irritably, “So you discovered that lead paint in old wizarding houses was the cause of infertility, when are you going to drop it?”

 

“Never,” Neville said with a grin, “They ought to give me an order of Merlin, don’t you think?”

 

Blanche raised an eyebrow at him, “In answer to your question, my mother acquired a Manor from one of her husbands, and it was muggle built, therefore, no lead paint.”

 

“Ah,” Neville said with a nod, “That makes sense.”

 

The others shook their head in amusement. They wanted to talk to Blanche more because she seemed like the kind of person that they could all get on with, but at that point, Sumner reappeared and informed them that lunch was over. They all got to their feet, and they were lead through another maze of corridors back into the lecture hall where they had begun their day.

 

They sidled into seats in the front row and waited for Sheppard’s group to arrive. A few minutes later they filed in, and Harry did a quick headcount, there were only eight of them. They sat down in the row behind Harry and his friends as Sheppard joined Sumner at the front of the hall.

 

“So day one is over,” Sumner said, “You get to spend the rest of the afternoon resting and meeting the people who could become your fellow trainees. Tomorrow is going to be a very hard day, so I suggest that you all get an early night in preparation for it. Seventeen of you have gotten this far, which is something to commend yourself on. However, we normally lose half of our candidates to the physical and magical tests and then we lose another half after our test on your mental capabilities. Enjoy yourselves tonight but remember, only half of you will be sitting in this lecture hall at this time tomorrow.”

 

Sheppard nodded, “Follow me, and I’ll show you to your temporary dormitories where you also have a shared common room.”

 

They all got to their feet once more and followed Sheppard into the grey corridors. Harry kind of felt like he was being led around the place like a sheep. He had no idea where the halls went to or from, he hoped he would get a map if he got through the training process or he would get lost more than he ever had done at Hogwarts.

 

After about five minutes, they were led into a corridor which had several rooms leading off of it. Sheppard halted them and said, “That door at the end leads to your common room where we have stored the overnight bags that you brought with you. There are four candidates to a dorm; girls and boys are not allowed to share. Pick your rooms and get some rest like Sumner advised.”

 

The moment Sheppard left the corridor, there was a mad dash. Harry, Draco, Neville and Theo made sure that they were able to get a dorm room together and the others all branched off. With their rooms claimed they all migrated towards the common room at the end of the long corridor.

 

“So, who is everyone?” Harry asked his friends in an undertone as he surveyed the busy common room.

 

Draco began, “Well from our group there’s us four, Max, Eddie Carmichael the annoying Ravenclaw guy.”

 

Neville scoffed, “He’s not annoying; he seems like a nice guy.”

 

“He’s annoyingly nice,” Theo agreed, “Then there’s Lesley Kavanagh, she was two years above us in school, and she was a Hufflepuff, oh and there’s Blanche.”

 

“I don’t know anything about that other girl who got through from my heat,” Harry said as he glanced over at her, “Other than that she’s called Jessica.”

 

The others didn’t seem to know anything about her either, but they did know about some of the people from Sheppard’s group, “I know a few people who got through from Sheppard’s group,” Neville said, “They were in Ginny’s year at school.”

 

“Which ones?” Harry asked nosily.

 

“The two girls by the fire,” Neville said. They looked towards the girls in question, one of them had a short blonde bob and looked relatively petite, the other one had dark brown hair and was tall and lean, “That’s Emily Wilde and Jane Doyle, Gin shared a dorm with them. Oh and Douglas was in her year too, he was a Hufflepuff.”

 

“Which one is he?” Draco asked.

 

“The ginger one,” Neville said as he nudged his head in the younger man’s direction, “I can’t remember his surname. I know Mark as well, Mark Anderson, see the fairly small guy over by the bookcase?”

 

Harry nodded, and Neville continued, “He was in Ravenclaw, he was in Dennis Creevey’s year, he got his N.E.W.T’s a year early, he’s really smart.”

 

“Do we know anyone else?” Harry asked his friends in general.

 

“I know her,” Theo said as he nodded his head in the direction of a pretty girl with light brown hair, “That’s Ophelia Wood, she was in the same year as your first love Harry.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “I assume you mean Cho?”

 

Theo grinned at him in amusement, “Yeah, they were both in Ravenclaw, so they were friends.”

 

“I don’t suppose she’s related to Oliver Wood, is she?” Harry asked curiously.

 

“She’s his younger sister,” Theo replied.

 

“Hold on, how do you know this?” Neville asked Theo with an amused look.

 

Theo shrugged, “I may have dated Marietta Edgecombe briefly while we were in school.”

 

“Marietta Edgecombe?” Harry and Neville echoed.

 

“Don’t judge me!” Theo exclaimed, “We were in fourth year, I needed someone to take to the Yule Ball.”

 

“Because you didn’t have the balls to ask Sadie,” Draco muttered with a smirk.

 

“Oi, don’t you start on that,” Theo said, pointing the finger at his best friend, “That was the year of Hermione fucking Granger.”

 

“It was not!”

 

“It bloody well was!” Theo snorted, “Ever since the Yule Ball, you suddenly noticed her more! Then when we came back for fifth year you were all like, ‘Look, Theo, look! She got hot over the summer’.”

 

Harry sniggered in amusement.

 

“She did get hot over that summer,” Neville admitted with an amused grin, “But not as much as she did between fifth and sixth year.”

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah, when she came back with the tan from being in France…”

 

“That’s the one and only time I’ve ever considered the princess hot,” Theo added.

 

“Could you not all talk about the times you’ve had wet dreams over my girlfriend?” Draco asked in disbelief.

 

“Harry’s done more than have wet dreams about her,” Neville sniggered.

 

“Neville!” Harry cringed.

 

They all laughed and temporarily forgot about their nerves about the mental tests that they would be subjected to tomorrow. Throughout the late afternoon and early evening, they gradually found out who the other candidates were. There were a few who were the same age as them who hadn’t gone to Hogwarts like Louisa Dumas, a pretty fair-haired girl with a French accent who had been educated at Beauxbatons. There was also Julian Wells, an arrogant twat who none of them liked from their first impressions of him. He had been born in Britain but raised in Europe, so he had gone to school at Durmstrang. There was Isaac Crichton as well who had been home-schooled because his parents had feared for his safety and refused to send him to Hogwarts. Harry supposed he could understand that, given everything that had happened at Hogwarts in his time there. The girl they hadn’t been able to identify, Jessica Redford, had gone to Hogwarts for three years and had been in the year above them, her parents had pulled her out of school after the incident with the Basilisk in Harry’s second year, and she had been home-schooled ever since.

 

That evening, Harry couldn’t help but survey the occupants of the room and wonder how many of them would still be here by the time they had completed their selection tests tomorrow.

 

 

“Daphne, can I hold Teddy?”

 

“Why do you want to hold him?” Daphne muttered as they walked up the garden path together.

 

“Because if I’m holding a baby then maybe Molly will just say hi to me and leave me alone,” Hermione whispered.

 

“No,” Daphne snorted, “He’s a baby, not a human shield. Walk in there with your head high and face the music like a big girl.”

 

“Screw you,” Hermione muttered, “I hate you.”

 

“No, you don’t, you love me,” Daphne said with a grin. She opened the backdoor of the Burrow and gave Hermione a nudge.

 

Hermione stepped into the kitchen and smiled, “Hi Molly.”

 

Molly turned around and frowned, “Hi Hermione, hi Daphne. Where are the boys?”

 

“Oh, it’s Auror selection this weekend, so they are both on the base,” Daphne replied calmly.

 

“Oh, I see,” Molly said with a nod, “Well, Ginny won’t be joining us either.”

 

“Yes,” Hermione said diplomatically, “We heard from Ron that you had a disagreement.”

 

“Disagreement?” Molly scoffed, “Is that what he called it? Ungrateful is what I call it! But if she will make stupid decisions and ruin her life…”

 

Daphne sighed and shifted Teddy onto her other hip, “She isn’t ruining her life, Molly. A baby can be a blessing, you know?”

 

Molly shook her head, “Not when you are too young and immature to raise it properly.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at her, “Are you suggesting that Harry and I would be unfit parents? Because we’re thinking of adopting Teddy.”

 

“No, of course not dear,” Molly said with a shake of her head, “You and Harry are in a stable and loving relationship. That would be a wonderful environment to bring a child up in. But to marry for status or propriety instead of love…”

 

“Blaise and Ginny do love each other,” Hermione interjected, “Perhaps they don’t show it the same way, but Blaise isn’t the most conventional person.”

 

“Of course he isn’t,” Molly said scornfully, “He’s a Zabini.”

 

“Well, what’s wrong with that?” Daphne asked casually, “The Zabini’s are a respectable enough family, slightly unconventional certainly. But they have a seat on the Wizengamot; they are certainly not a dark family. They have money, and they have political sway. Most people would be quite happy to marry their daughter off into a family like it. There are worse fates, my sister was due to marry into the Goyle family, but thankfully, his imprisonment has made that contract null and void. Ginny will be well looked after by the Zabini’s. I wouldn’t concern yourself too much from that point of view.”

 

“Well Daphne dear, our family is not like yours,” Molly said condescendingly, “We do not believe in marriage contracts, and we would never marry any of our children off. We believe in more important things, such as marrying for love, not money or status. I never thought that Ginny would stoop so low.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at Molly, “What would be worse, Molly? Ginny’s child being born as a Zabini or being born a bastard? You and I both know that it is far more damning to be a bastard than to come from an unconventional family.”

 

Molly sighed, “She should never have gotten herself into a position where she had to make that choice,” she said simply, “Would you two care to go into the lounge while I finish the dinner preparations?”

 

“Of course not,” Hermione said. She hooked her arm through Daphne’s and the two girls slipped into the lounge to converse with the rest of the Weasley’s. Things were less eventful from there on out, dinner was served, and they all sat around the table making small talk.

 

It was going fine until dinner was finished. Then Bill rose to his feet and cleared his throat, “Since almost all of us are here. Daphne, you can relay the message to Harry, I need to say something, and it’s something I never thought I would have to say to my own family.”

 

Everyone fell silent as they looked at Bill.

 

Bill sighed, “Three days ago, I went into the ministry and was Ginny’s witness at her wedding to Blaise. Due to our family’s views, I was the only member of the family invited to our only sister's wedding. It was not the way I would ever have imagined Ginny getting married, but the fact that she was too scared and upset to invite her own family to her wedding, regardless of what sort of wedding that was, frankly, disgusts me.”

 

Hermione had never seen Bill so angry before, and it was terrifying. He didn’t shout, he spoke in a low, steady tone but his voice was dripping with venom.

 

Charlie got to his feet, “If I had known, I would have been there in a heartbeat.”

 

George rose to his feet, “Me too,” he said as Angelina stood up next to him.

 

Percy nodded and stood up, “As would I have been,” he said, and Susan nodded from his side. She stood and took his hand.

 

Ron got to his feet and nodded fervently, “I’d have been there too.”

 

Hermione smiled at Daphne as they both got to their feet, “Draco and I would have been there.”

 

“As would Harry and I,” Daphne added.

 

The Weasley children, adopted, in-law, or biological, all looked to the only two members of the family who were still sitting down; Molly and Arthur.

 

Arthur cleared his throat and nodded, “We should have been there,” he agreed.

 

“Of course I wanted to be at her wedding,” Molly said a little tearfully, “But not like this. She is my only daughter; she should have married for love. She should have married Harry.”

 

Daphne looked at Molly in disbelief, “If that is your opinion, that is all fine and well, Molly. But to say that in front of me? I am sorry, but that is below the belt.”

 

Molly scoffed and said, “Yes, well, that was never going to happen. Was it, Hermione?”

 

Hermione laughed humourlessly, “No, I’m sorry Molly, I love you like a mother, but you do not get to pin this on me. Yes, I was sleeping with Harry during the war, but I don’t know what you think your supposedly angelic daughter was doing back then. Did you think she was perfect before this whole thing with Blaise? Because she was sleeping with Neville that whole time.”

 

“And she was sleeping with Dean Thomas before Harry,” George piped in.

 

“And it was Michael Corner before him,” Ron added.

 

“Blaise wasn’t her first rodeo,” Daphne said coolly, “And I very much doubt that it was his fault that she got pregnant. I managed to sleep with him for the best part of a year, and I didn’t get pregnant.”

 

“She should never have been sleeping around the school, honestly!” Molly said in disgust, “She must have a horrible reputation. I never thought a daughter of mine would turn out to be such a scarlet woman.”

 

“No, Molly,” Arthur said with a shake of his head, “You have gone too far. This is our only daughter that you are talking about. Yes, she made different choices from those we would have made for her. She is almost 18, she survived the war, and she is her own woman. At the end of the day, we weren’t far off her age when we had Bill.”

 

“And nobody is mentioning the fact that Ron’s knocked a girl up,” Charlie added, “And he’s only a year older than her.”

 

“Thanks, Charlie,” Ron muttered.

 

“It’s a fair point though, Ron,” Hermione said.

 

“The thing is Mum; you keep acting like we’re better than the Zabini’s. I think you have forgotten how long people have looked down on us for, just because we were poor. They never took the time to get to know us; they just assumed that we were poor blood traitors who had no money because you and Dad had too many kids. Right now, that is what you are doing the Zabini’s. You don’t know anything about them, you don’t know their story, but you are looking down on them anyway,” Percy said calmly, “You say we’re a liberal family, and I always thought we were too. I thought I would represent the Wizengamot and we would be on the side of the liberals, but your views are not liberal, they are incredibly conservative.”

 

Charlie raised an eyebrow at Bill, “Perfect Percy is saying this? I’m not imagining it, am I?”

 

Bill shook his head.

 

“No, Charlie, you aren’t,” Percy said, “Because I realised after the war that some things are more important in life than where we work or what we aspire to do. Family is important; we lost our brother. The last thing I want to happen is for the family to fracture because of Ginny’s marriage to Blaise. But I cannot stand by and let you say the things that you say anymore, Mum. You kicked off when Bill went to Egypt because you thought he would be attacked by the brutal Egyptian wizards, when in fact, he made firm friends of many of them. You kicked off when Charlie said he wanted to work with dragons because you thought he was wasting his talents. You wanted him to conform to your traditional views and take a desk job at the ministry. Why do you think I did just that? Why do you think I was perfect Percy? I wanted to please you, and it took the war to make me realise that doing so wasn’t what I wanted.”

 

Everyone watched Percy as he continued to rant.

 

“Then I met Susan, and that is not a conventional relationship. She is younger than me, and she was still in school when we started dating,” Percy pointed out, “But her views are incredibly liberal, and she is the most open person I have ever met. And I can tell you for certain, if we have children, we will not be raising them to believe that blood status or sexual orientation matters.”

 

Susan smiled slightly at Percy’s words.

 

“You cannot say that we are proud to be blood traitors then act like a pureblood. You cannot act like a pureblood then condemn Ginny when she does the pureblood thing and marries for status or dignity. She loves Blaise, perhaps not in a conventional way, but her child will grow up with two parents and a family name that she can be proud of. She won’t be looked down upon or called a blood traitor or a bastard, because that is the world that our generation is building.”

 

Daphne smiled and caught Hermione’s eye.

 

“The Malfoys have died out,” Percy continued, “The Black family will rise to power again because I do not doubt that Draco is ambitious enough. The Black family will become known for something more than in-breeding. The Nott family will become known for more than dark magic. The Potter family and the Greengrass family will unite, and they will become wizarding Britains power-family. Between Harry’s connections and the Greengrass links to industry, they will run this world. And none of us will preach blood status to our children, we won’t disown them for being gay, for being in love with more than one person or for falling in love with a muggle. I am certain that every single person at this table has had an unconventional relationship at some point or has done something that would question your traditional views.”

 

Molly didn’t look convinced, so Percy continued, “Bill and Charlie have no issue with the Zabini family because they spent a summer with Belinda Zabini. Is sleeping with two brothers a conventional relationship? As for Charlie, you thought he was gay for a long time and then were delighted when he brought a woman home but that doesn’t mean he’s straight. He’s bisexual; he’s slept with as many guys as he has girls. How many women do you think there are on dragon reserves?”

 

Charlie snorted in amusement.

 

Percy continued, “Did you never wonder why George and Angelina got together so soon after Fred’s death? It wasn’t because it brought them together; it was because they were already in a relationship, a triad relationship with Fred. For years, I suspect.”

 

George just nodded, and Angelina grabbed his hand supportively.

 

Percy said, “I broke up with a girl my own age, who was from a respectable pureblood family, to pursue a teenage school girl. Ron cheated on a lovely girl because he let the rush of fame go to his head. He then got the girl he cheated with pregnant, and although he is providing for her financially, he does not love her.”

 

Ron glanced down guiltily,

 

“Hermione is in love with Draco, but he has some sort of relationship with Theo, ala their Grandfathers. Yes, nobody has moved an entire manor to a different county, but they live next door to each other and are inseparable. That’s not a normal friendship, and to be in a relationship like that with someone, you have to be open. Am I right, Hermione?”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes and nodded in a long-suffering sort of way.

 

“Harry made some mistakes during the war, yes he slept with Hermione, and he regretted that immensely,” Percy said honestly, “And he didn’t get together with Daphne the moment they got back to school. They slept around in broom closets and secret passageways for months. Are you going to call Daphne a scarlet woman like you did, Ginny? Because she is anything but. She is a lady from a high-class family with status and powerful connections. She certainly does not deserve to be talked down to the way you spoke to her earlier.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “Thanks, Percy.”

 

Percy just nodded and turned back to his mother, “We all fought in that war, Mum. It wasn’t just the blood traitors against the purebloods. Draco, Daphne and Theo fought with Neville and Ginny. Harry, Ron and Hermione turned the tide of the entire war. We all fought, and we didn’t just fight Voldemort, we fought for what we believed in. What we believed in was a better world. The world that we are building will be one of acceptance, love and faith. Not one full of hate, suspicion and prejudice.”

 

Molly was silent, but tears were streaming down her cheeks. She rose to her feet and gripped Arthur’s shoulder, “You are right, Percy. I’m sorry, but there’s somewhere I need to go.”

 

Molly disappeared in a hurry; they assumed to talk to Ginny.

 

Arthur rose to his feet and crossed the room. He placed his hand on his son's shoulder and smiled, “I have never been more proud of the man that you have become, Percy, and you will make a wonderful Minister for Magic one day.”

 

Percy smiled and hugged his father. Just to break the mood, Ron whispered to Hermione, “What Perce said about Draco and Theo, does that mean they’re shagging? And you’re okay with that?”

 

“No,” Hermione said, ignoring Daphne’s sniggering, “They are not shagging. They just have a bond which is more profound than friendship.”

 

“But they don’t have sex?”

 

“No, Ron, they don’t have sex!” Hermione muttered.

 

Daphne snorted and got to her feet, “I think we ought to get Teddy home to his Grandmother. Don’t you, Hermione?”

 

Hermione jumped at the chance to escape from the house, which was still fraught with tension. They said their goodbyes and left, both breathing sighs of relief when they stepped out into the warm evening air.

 

“Well, that was fun,” Daphne remarked sarcastically.

 

Hermione snorted, “That’s the Weasley’s for you.”

 

“Who knew that Percy knew all of our secrets though, huh?” Daphne asked, “Actually, I can’t say I’m surprised. Susan can’t keep a secret for shit. She probably spilt it all.”

 

“Anyone with eyes can see that Draco and Theo have a thing that’s not a thing,” Hermione said with a sigh, “I’ll get questioned on it even more when we move into 12 Grimmauld Place and when we get married. I suppose I ought to get used to it.”

 

“You might have to do more than get used to it,” Daphne pointed out, “It’s not sexual, and it might never be. But there might be a time when a cause for an unconventional relationship between you two, and Theo and Sadie arises.”

 

“Like a four-way?” Hermione asked, shooting Daphne an amused look, “Because I hate to break it to you, but that’s already happened.”

 

“What?” Daphne barked, “When?”

 

“After the graduation party,” Hermione answered in a mumble.

 

“In our house?” Daphne asked in surprise, “That’s where you disappeared off to? Oh good Godric, you have to tell me all the details. Did you have sex with Theo?”

 

“No, he’s my cousin!” Hermione said in disgust.

 

“Did Draco have sex with Sadie?”

 

“No,” Hermione answered.

 

“Did Draco and Theo have sex with each other?” Daphne asked in an exaggerated whisper.

 

“No,” Hermione chuckled, “And I don’t kiss and tell, so you will not get the details out of me.”

 

“So you kissed Sadie then”? Daphne asked, raising an eyebrow at her friend, “We had a deal, Sadie and I. In first year we said we wouldn't be the typical ‘snogs anything that moves’ Slytherins. I broke it first though…”

 

“Did you?” Hermione asked in surprise.

 

“Yep, around the time I snogged the subject of that big Weasley argument,” Daphne said, shooting Hermione a grin, “In a broom closet, during the war.”

 

“Oh my god,” Hermione muttered.

 

“She’s a great kisser,” Daphne mused, “Not as good as Harry though. You know what I mean.”

 

Hermione hummed thoughtfully, "Harry and I didn't kiss much."

 

"Didn't you?" Daphne asked.

 

Hermione shook her head, “I told you, things weren’t relationshippy. It was…he was a different person back then, okay?”

 

Daphne frowned, “Different like…snappy? A bit more aggressive?”

 

Hermione looked up sharply, “Daphne, is he hurting-”

 

“No, oh Salazar, no,” Daphne said with a shake of her head, “No, he’s a bit more aggressive in the bedroom department lately, and he seems to be relying on alcohol a bit too much for my liking.”

 

“How so?” Hermione asked.

 

“He has a drink every night,” Daphne answered, “He says it helps him sleep.”

 

“Well…that in itself isn’t too much cause for concern,” Hermione said, “My father was a soldier, and he always finds it easier to sleep after a nightcap. Perhaps it just keeps the nightmares at bay?”

 

“Perhaps,” Daphne said.

 

“But we’ll keep an eye on it anyway,” Hermione said, gripping Daphne’s hand and smiling supportively at her as they apparated to Greengrove House.

 

 

“Sorry that we are back a little late,” Daphne said when she and Hermione slipped into the drawing-room of Greengrove House.

 

“It is quite alright,” Andromeda smiled, “We assumed you were just having fun.”

 

“Not quite,” Hermione sighed.

 

“Oh?” Narcissa questioned, “Was there trouble?”

 

“Family drama,” Daphne said by way of explanation.

 

“Ah,” Narcissa realised, “Would you like to stay for tea?”

 

“That would be lovely, Narcissa,” Hermione said, she sat down in an armchair by the fire and let her head drop onto her index fingers, “I can feel a migraine coming on.”

 

Narcissa smiled sympathetically. She clicked her fingers, and an elf appeared, “Sukie, would you mind putting some pain reliever in Miss Granger’s tea? She has had a rather tough day, so it seems.”

 

“Of course Mistress Black,” The elf said, and she disappeared with another crack.

 

“Whatever happened?” Andromeda asked curiously.

 

“Ginny, Molly’s youngest child and only daughter, has fallen pregnant,” Daphne explained, “With Blaise Zabini’s child. The family argument began over the fact that she married Blaise so that the child could be born in wedlock.”

 

Narcissa frowned, “And why is that a problem? The Zabini’s are a respectable family.”

 

“Yes, but I doubt Molly saw it that way,” Andromeda said.

 

“She didn’t,” Daphne said, she sat down on the edge of Hermione’s armchair and gripped her friends shoulder, “She disapproves of the Zabini’s because of their unconventional relationships. Some uncomfortable truths about her own family arose in the course of the argument and Hermione and I were caught up in that.”

 

“What unconventional relationships?” Andromeda asked with a frown.

 

Narcissa smiled slightly as the tea arrived, “I suspect my son’s unconventional relationship with his best friend may have come up.”

 

Hermione looked up in surprise, “How did you know about that?”

 

“You forget, my dear, that I moved into Malfoy Manor at 18 years old. I was married off to Lucius while he still lived at home with his father. I know all about Abraxas’s relationship with Thaddeus Nott,” Narcissa said calmly, “I am not blind, I can see the parallels in my son's relationship with Theodore. They love each other very much and they-”

 

“Need each other,” Hermione finished with a nod, “Sadie and I have come to accept that. We had to if we wanted to be in committed relationships with them, but it was not the kind of thing that I wanted to become common knowledge.”

 

Andromeda chuckled, “Hermione darling, it is common knowledge to anyone who spends five minutes in a room with those boys.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “Andi has a point, Hermione.”

 

“And it is perfectly acceptable,” Narcissa said, “All that matters is that you are happy. Are you happy?”

 

Hermione nodded and managed a weak smile, “Yes, I am.”

 

“And Sadie is definitely happy,” Daphne said honestly, “So what harm does it do anyone, eh? They aren’t sleeping with each other. They aren’t having an affair. They just love each other and appreciate each others company.”

 

“Just as Abraxas and Thaddeus did,” Narcissa confessed, “But they were dedicated to their wives and their families. Draco was always more like his grandfather than his father on the Malfoy side of the family.”

 

Hermione smiled and said, “Thank you.”

 

Narcissa placed a cup of tea in her hands, “It must be very overwhelming for you. You are blending in just beautifully, but relationships in our world are very different than they are in your world.”

 

Andromeda nodded, “Oh, entirely. Sexuality is a different thing over here.”

 

“I find it strange,” Hermione admitted, “Because often our world feels very old-fashioned and victorian, but this is a more modern outlook.”

 

“Oh, not at all,” Narcissa chuckled, “It is the muggle world that has gone backwards.”

 

Andromeda smiled, “Cissa is right. In Victorian times, more was accepted, but it was hidden. Women had female lovers, and men had male lovers. But everyone married for status, for heirs and as a front. The scandalous things happened behind the scenes, but they still happened. That is exactly how things work here; all of the old families have scandals.”

 

“Abraxas and Thaddeus’s relationship was the skeleton in the closet for the Malfoy and Nott families,” Narcissa said.

 

“And goodness knows the Black family have more than one,” Andromeda said with an amused smile, “Sirius and Remus for one. Not to mention Bellatrix and her little triad with the Lestrange brothers. Then there was the ambiguous relationship between Amycus and Alecto Carrow.”

 

Daphne’s eyes darkened, and she said, “Percy is right, Hermione. We will forge a new world for our children. We won’t preach blood status. We will make it clear that they can openly love whoever they want. We fought for equality, happiness, peace and love.”

 

Hermione smiled and reached up to grip her hand, “You’re right, Daphne, that’s exactly what we fought for.”

 

Narcissa sipped her tea and sighed contentedly, “I am ever so pleased that you and Draco went down different paths in life, Daphne. I cannot envision a world in which my son is not madly in love with you, Hermione.”

 

Hermione smiled at this.

 

“And you are everything that Harry has ever wanted and more,” Andromeda said to Daphne.

 

Daphne smiled, a little sadly, and said, “I guess there is a lot of truth in something my old friend Tracey used to say after all…what is meant for you, will not pass you by.”

 

“No, it won’t,” Hermione agreed, squeezing Daphne’s hand supportively.

 

 

On Sunday morning, the group of candidates got up at 8 am, had breakfast at 8.30 am and gathered in the lecture hall at 9 am. By the time they had all been registered and given name badges the day before they hadn’t gotten started in the lecture hall until about 9.30 am so their start time was slightly earlier today.

 

“Welcome to day two candidates!” Sumner boomed in his cheerfully sarcastic way, “Because there are only 17 of you left we won’t be splitting you up into two separate groups today. We will be testing you in heats again like we did yesterday, however.”

 

“Today is going to be one of the toughest days of your life,” Sheppard continued, “Yesterday we wanted to make you black and blue, your physical and magical stamina was our priority. Today, we’re looking at your mental stamina.”

 

“We told you yesterday that we want the best, we need the best,” Sumner said firmly, “And that isn’t just about how fit you are or how many spells you know. It’s about your mental strength, today we’re going to delve into your psyche, we are going to use everything that we know about you to find your weak spots and identify your breaking point. Once we know it, we’re going to try our best to break you. If any of you are uncomfortable with that, then I suggest you leave now.”

 

Like the day before there was a little shuffling, but nobody left.

 

Sheppard smirked, “Good. Now, those of you who pass the mental test will be subjected to one more test. We’re going to put you into groups and give you a case file. You will have 2 hours to solve that case, and we will be monitoring you closely as you try to do so, by the time we are finished with you today we will know who this year’s new recruits are going to be.”

 

“Let’s get going then!” Sumner boomed.

 

All 17 candidates got to their feet and followed Sumner out of the side door at the front of the room. They were led to the same waiting room that they had spent a large chunk of the previous day in and just like the previous day Sumner began to boom out orders straight away.

 

“You did this yesterday, so you know the score. I’m going to call your name and give you your door number, you’re going to line up in front of that door, and you are not going to enter until I have counted down from 3,” Sumner boomed, “You are going to face a series of rooms again, but you cannot fail the first room. From the second room onwards, however, if you do not meet the requirements, you will not be able to complete the test. Understood?”

 

There was a mumble of yes and a lot of nods.

 

“Good! Let’s get this started with heat number one then!”

 

“Anderson, Mark: Door 1.

Black, Draco: Door 2.

Carmichael, Eddie: Door 3.

Crichton, Isaac: Door 4.

Doyle, Jane: Door 5!”

 

Harry gave Draco an encouraging smile as he lined up in front of the door to Testing Room 2. It was a bit like déjà vu considering that this was the same room he had been tested in the day before. The other candidates looked as nervous as Draco did as Sumner began his countdown.

 

“3…2…1!”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“3…2…1!”

 

With a somewhat shaky breath, Draco opened the door and stepped into the first room. He found himself in a reasonably small potions lab which had no windows. He frowned as he contemplated what this could have to do with his mental strength. Like in the physical and magical tests there was a plaque which provided further instruction;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be faced with a scenario that will challenge your morals. There is no right or wrong choice in this test, but it gives us a gauge on your moral compass. Think carefully about your options and act on your own gut feeling. You will find a brief outline of the scenario you are faced with in the drawer provided.”

 

The moment Draco finished reading the plaque, a wooden drawer emerged from beneath it. Draco took out the only object in the drawer which was a scroll of parchment, he unrolled it and read his scenario carefully;

 

“A magical disease has spread across the globe and has killed millions of witches and wizards. Everyone is under strict quarantine to avoid the disease spreading any further; you have spent this time in quarantine developing two potions in your home laboratory. You know that one of these potions is a cure, but you do not know which one. The other potion is an earlier attempt at a cure which is deadly. Once you figure out which potion is the cure, you will be able to use it to save millions of lives. You have with you two people who are under your care, and the only way to identify the cure is to give each of these people one of the two potions. One person will live, the other will die, and you will be able to start saving lives with the cure.”

 

Draco sighed as he crossed the line to allow the test to begin. He doubted that this was going to be timed and he was anxious to see who the two people under his care were going to be. The moment he crossed the line, they materialised on a ragged old sofa at the far end of the room.

 

“Of course,” Draco muttered under his breath, “I have to choose between my mother and my fiancé,” he shook his head and looked at the two vials of potion on the desk before him.

 

He frowned as he weighed up all of the possible options that he could see here. The way he saw it, he had two. He either gave the potions to the only two women he loved and risked losing one of them or he didn’t give them the potions and let himself be responsible for the demise of the wizarding race.

 

“So if I don’t give them the potions I am the destroyer of the wizarding race,” Draco mumbled to himself, “And if I don’t identify a cure they’re both going to die anyway, and I’m going to die too.”

 

He began to pace the small lab, “Or I give them both the potions and risk one of them dying. I have no idea which potion is which and I’m assuming I will be penalised for using magic to test them. Then again, if I test the potions with magic, I could risk damaging the compound, which would mean that the cure wouldn’t work anyway so magic is out of the equation.”

 

Draco frowned over at his mother and Hermione who were silent and sat with their eyes downward. He knew they couldn’t talk to him because they weren’t real, but he needed Hermione to guide his moral compass in the right direction at the moment. He sighed, “So if I give them the potions I’m taking a complete risk. I have no idea which one of them is going to live and which one of them is going to die…but what else can I do?”

 

He wracked his brain as he tried to think outside the box, “I could take one of the potions myself and then leave a note in case the one I take is the deadly one…Hermione or my Mother would find the note in my lab and realise that I had taken the deadly potion. They would be able to distribute the cure that way…but what if I hadn’t left any written record of how I made it? Hermione is talented, but what if she wasn’t able to recreate the cure?”

 

Draco let his head fall into his hands, “Wait! If I was to take one potion and I died, I would know the other one was the cure…that’s it! I don’t have to give both of them a potion. I only need to give a potion to one of them. If they live then the potion I gave them must be the cure but if they die then the other potion is the cure.”

 

For a moment, Draco was very pleased with himself for coming up with this loophole. However, then he realised that there was still a big problem with it, “Now I just need to decide whose life I’m going to put at risk…either way I have a 50% chance of killing whoever I pick so I either kill my mother or my fiancé…”

 

He sighed and let his head fall onto the desk. He had to weigh up both options logically and rationally because he couldn’t let his heart make this decision. His heart didn’t want either of them to die, which meant he had to rely on his head.

 

“Hermione has just got a job in the DMLE,” Draco mumbled to himself, “She’s going to make big changes. She has all of these plans for the department and she’s friends with Harry Potter, so she has the right links to push change through. If she were to die prematurely, it would put all of that risk; she still has her whole career and her whole life ahead of her…”

 

“If my mother were to die there would be some upset,” Draco said to himself, “I would be upset, it would devastate Aunt Dromeda, but at least she would still have Teddy to hold onto. My mother doesn’t want to go back to work, I doubt she will re-marry, and I know she can’t have any more children. Logically, I have to pick her.”

 

His decision was made, but Draco still hesitated as he picked up one of the vials. He took a rather unsteady breath and walked over to the small sofa. He felt sick to his stomach as he held the potion out to his mother.

 

She took it from him, uncorked it and drank it in one gulp. Draco watched her anxiously as he took the vial back from her. At first, nothing happened, and Draco allowed himself to hope for a few seconds that he had managed to do this without killing either of them, but then his mother began to convulse, and she foamed at the mouth. Draco shut his eyes tightly as she choked and slumped down onto the sofa.

 

There was a click, and when Draco looked up, he realised that a door had appeared in front of him. He sighed and was about to walk through the door when a familiar disembodied female voice spoke to him, “You found a loophole which enabled you to save your fiancé, but the consequences of your actions were that you lost your mother and that you know her death is on your hands. However, you have saved the lives of millions of witches and wizards across the world.”

 

Draco yanked open the door and said sarcastically, “Thanks for that Auror Carter, but it doesn’t make the fact that I just killed my own mother any easier.”

 

Auror Carter’s voice said no more so Draco surveyed the room he had just walked into. Before he could even locate the plaque, let alone read it, a Dementor appeared out of nowhere right in front of him.

 

Draco jumped so violently that he smacked the back of his head off of the wall. He grabbed his wand from its holster, shut his eyes and pictured the look on Hermione’s face as he had proposed to her on stage at the prom. When he opened his eyes, he pointed his wand at the Dementor and roared, “Expecto Patronum!”

 

His Patronus leapt at the Dementor. It was an interesting sight to behold because his Patronus was a reasonably large, intimidating looking dragon. The Dementor shrunk back, and when the Patronus had chased it into the opposite wall, it disappeared into a puff of smoke.

 

Draco glanced around the room in an attempt to let his heart rate get back to normal. There were only two things in this room, one of them was the informative plaque, and the other was a wardrobe. Draco’s heart sank when he saw the item of furniture because he instantly knew that it would contain a boggart. He read the plaque all the same;

 

“If you did not manage to defeat the Dementor, you have failed this room. If you did defeat the Dementor, congratulations but you are not finished yet. There is a boggart in the wardrobe which you will have to face when you approach it. If you fail to overcome the boggart, then you will fail this room.”

 

Draco felt incredibly nervous as he walked towards the boggart. He had no idea what it would materialise as now. When he had been younger, his biggest fear had always been his father which was why he had been so reluctant to confront a boggart in front of a class of his peers.

 

He neared the wardrobe, and it burst open. Draco took a step back instinctively as a version of himself strutted out of the wardrobe. He was older, and his hair had been swept back into a ponytail. He realised, with a sickening feeling, that he looked like his father. All Draco could do was watch as two more figures emerged from the wardrobe; one was an older version of Hermione. She looked much the same, but she had bags under her eyes and a world-weary expression on her face. The third figure was a young boy with curly blond hair and grey eyes, Draco swallowed as he realised that this boy was their son.

 

He took another step back as a scene began to play out in front of him. The older version of himself was shouting at Hermione, but it was a silent scene, so Draco could not hear the words that were being said. Hermione was crying, and the little boy was cowering behind her as if he were afraid of Draco. This made Draco’s eyes fill with tears; he felt like he was frozen to the spot as he watched himself strike Hermione across the face and then pull his wand on the frightened little boy that was his son. With a jolt he realised what he was watching, he realised what his greatest fear was…it was that he would become his father.

 

Knowing this seemed to help him snap out of it. He raised his wand and tried to say, “Riddikulus” but nothing came out of his mouth. He cleared his throat and blinked to get the tears out of his eyes then said loudly and clearly, “Riddikulus!”

 

The spell hit the boggart, and the scene changed instantly. Draco and Hermione were sharing a large armchair, and they had the little boy on their laps, all three of them were smiling and laughing as they read a book together. Draco cleared his throat and hastily wiped his eyes as the scene dematerialised and the wardrobe door snapped shut.

 

Another loud click let him know that he had passed the room. Draco took his eyes off of the wardrobe and walked through the door that had just appeared beside it. This room was some kind of dungeon which immediately told Draco that he was going to have to withstand torture to pass this test. There was a red line on the ground and an informational plaque next to the door which Draco read;

 

“When you cross the line, the door will lock, and you will be subjected to torture at the hands of a Death Eater. You are required to place your wand in the drawer provided, and in this drawer, there is a piece of information. The Death Eater will try and extract this information from you, but your task is to protect it at all costs. If you give up this piece of information, you will fail this room.”

 

“Well it won’t be the first time a Death Eater has tortured me,” Draco muttered as he placed his wand in the wooden drawer beneath the plaque and picked up the small scroll, “It will be the first time they’ve done it for information rather than for fun though.”

 

He unrolled the scroll and scanned it, “We are getting Potter to the safe house using seven decoys.”

 

Draco frowned as the piece of paper combusted in his hands. As he looked down at the smouldering ashes, he found himself wondering if that was a real piece of information from the war. He did not dwell on it for too long as he crossed the red line on the ground, he figured the sooner he could get this over and done with, the better.

 

The moment he was over the red line, a masked Death Eater appeared and shackled him to the wall by his hands and feet. Draco looked up at the Death Eater expectantly as the robed man aimed his wand in Draco’s direction.

 

“Do you know where Potter is?”

 

“Why would I know where Potter is?”

 

The Death Eater slashed his wand through the air and sliced Draco’s arm open with a cutting curse, “You’re friends with him, is he with the muggles?”

 

“What muggles?”

 

“Don’t play around with me if you want to live, boy!” The Death Eater said as he slashed Draco’s other arm.

 

“Who says I want to live?”

 

The Death Eater growled, “You know we can’t touch him when he’s with the muggles, but they can’t leave him there forever. Where are they moving him to?”

 

“I don’t know,” Draco replied as the deep cuts in his arms stung like hell.

 

“Yes, you do,” The Death Eater hissed, “Shall we see if the cruciatus curse loosens your tongue?”

 

“By all means, let’s try it and find out,” Draco said calmly, “But I doubt you can cast it with the same power as Lord Voldemort, so I highly doubt it will work.”

 

The Death Eater took this challenge on board. He pointed his wand at Draco and yelled, “Crucio!”

 

Simulation or not, it hurt the same as it would in real life. It wasn’t anywhere near as strong as Voldemort’s curse though which Draco took some solace in. He gritted his teeth but didn’t shout out in pain as the curse forced him to his knees.

 

“We know that you are friends with Potter, so where is he?”

 

“I wouldn’t tell you even if I did know,” Draco hissed.

 

“We can offer you far greater things than Potter can,” The Death Eater said.

 

“I don’t want glory, and I don’t want to be some dark lords bitch,” Draco said as he felt like every bone in his body was slowly breaking, “So trust me, you can’t offer me anything that I want.”

 

“Let’s see if you’re still as loyal when you feel like your flesh is burning,” The Death Eater said, with a thrust of his wand he upped the volume of his cruciatus curse. Draco groaned but still didn’t shout out in pain.

 

“How are they moving Potter?”

 

“I don’t know,” Draco said through gritted teeth.

 

“Are they going to use the floo? Are they apparating him out?”

 

“I do not know. How many times do I have to say it!”

 

“You’re lying!” The Death Eater hissed. He twisted his wand, and it felt like Draco’s spine was twisting, he gritted his teeth and groaned in pain once more.

 

“Black, where is Potter?”

 

“I will never tell you,” Draco hissed as the pain reached its peak.

 

“Fine,” The Death Eater said. All of a sudden, the pain stopped, and Draco looked up in surprise, he couldn’t have passed that easily, could he?

 

“Clearly the Cruciatus curse doesn’t work on you,” The Death Eater continued, “But there are other ways to make you talk. Which of your bones should we crush first? I think we’ll start with a knee cap…”

 

The Death Eater pointed his finger at Draco’s knee then balled his hand up into a fist. This time Draco did cry out in pain because the curse had just crushed his knee cap to pieces, he fell to the ground in pain.

 

“If you want to have any bones left, tell me where Potter is.”

 

“No,” Draco said through the haze of pain.

 

The Death Eater crushed his other knee bone, and Draco cried out in pain again, “I will never tell you where he is so you might as well just kill me!”

 

“I am not killing you until every bone in your body is broken, and I know where Potter is and how they are moving him,” the Death Eater growled. He clenched his fist again, and this time Draco felt his shoulder bone shatter, he screamed out in pain and shut his eyes tightly. He knew that it would all stop if he told the Death Eater what he wanted to know and for a moment he was tempted. Then he thought about how horrible it would feel to disappoint one of the few people who had believed in him and given him a second chance, and despite the pain, that gave him his fight back.

 

“Who is helping move Potter? Is Moody in on it? Are there any Ministry insiders?”

 

“I don’t know,” Draco said quietly, he didn’t have the energy to shout anymore.

 

The Death Eater growled in frustration. He got to his knees on the floor and grabbed Draco’s arm, “When they find your body, I want them to know what you are Black,” he spat.

 

Draco didn’t understand what that meant at first, but then he felt a searing pain in his arm. He cried out in pain then looked down to see that the Death Eater was carving something into his arm around his dark mark. The sight sickened him and all of a sudden; he was somewhere else.

 

The Death Eater had gone, and Draco was standing in his old home. He was watching the love of his life, shaking in pain as his aunt carved out the word “Mudblood” into her arm.

 

“No!” He screamed as he tried to get to her, but he couldn’t move because his feet were stuck to the floor and he wasn’t even sure if his words were getting out.

 

Searing pain in his arm brought him back to reality, and he was sweating and shaking on the floor once more as the Death Eater finished his masterpiece. It read, “Traitor.”

 

“I would rather be a traitor than a Death Eater,” Draco spat.

 

Upon these words, the Death Eater vanished and a door opposite the one that he had come through opened. Draco couldn’t move, and his vision was blurry, but he saw someone in white robes walking towards him.

 

A soft voice said, “Here, drink this. It will reverse any injuries you received in this room.”

 

Draco reached for the potion blindly and threw it back in one gulp. It took immediate effect; his vision began to return to normal, and all of the pain started to ebb away. After a few minutes, he got to his feet a little shakily and sighed with relief when he realised that he felt normal once more.

 

He frowned, the door was still there, but the healer who had come through it was gone. He was starting to wonder if he had been seeing things as he walked towards the door and hurried through it. He was grateful to leave the room.

 

In the next room, there was nothing but a table and two chairs. Sitting in one of those chairs was Auror Carter. She smiled at Draco, “You have done very well so far, Mr Black, please sit down.”

 

Draco took a seat opposite her and looked up at the Auror expectantly.

 

“This task tests if you have any psychopathic traits, it is part of the meticulous vetting we do for all candidates,” Carter explained, “You must take a small dose of veritaserum before we begin. Will that be a problem?”

 

Draco shook his head.

 

Carter handed him a phial with the smallest amount of veritaserum in it. Draco sipped the foul-tasting potion and gave her back the phial. She smiled at him and continued, “I am going to say a series of statements. To each statement, you must tell me if you disagree completely, disagree, neither agree nor disagree, agree or agree completely. Do you understand?”

 

“Yes, ma’am.”

 

“Then we will begin,” Auror Carter said as she dipped her quill into some ink and said, “I rarely follow the rules.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I admit that I often mouth off without thinking.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I’ve often done something dangerous just for the thrill of it.”

 

“Disagree completely.”

 

“I enjoy high-speed flying.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I enjoy gambling for real money.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I enjoy doing wild things.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I like to have sex with people I barely know.”

 

“Disagree completely.”

 

“I am an impulsive person.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I keep getting in trouble for the same things over and over.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I have used illegal spells such as the unforgivable curses.”

 

“Agree completely.”

 

“I enjoy taking risks.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I easily get bored.”

 

“Disagree completely.”

 

“I always miss appointments.”

 

“Disagree completely.”

 

“I never plan out my weekly activities.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I am a rebellious person.”

 

“Agree.”

 

Carter glanced over the notes she had been taking, “Okay Mr Black; you can take the antidote for the veritaserum,” she said as she passed him a phial. He took it immediately and watched her nervously.

 

“Your average score was 2.3,” Carter informed him.

 

“Is that good or bad?” Draco asked nervously.

 

“Very good,” Carter replied, “An average score of 4 or above worries us.”

 

“So I’ve passed?” Draco asked with relief.

 

Carter smiled at him, “You have. Now proceed through the door behind me for your final interview with two Senior Aurors.”

 

Draco nodded as he got to his feet, “Thank you, ma’am,” he said as he opened the door and stepped into the final room of the test.

 

Like the room he had just come from, all that it contained was a table, but there were three chairs. Sitting in one chair was Senior Auror Sheppard, and sitting in another was an Auror who Draco didn’t recognise.

 

“Welcome to the final interview Mr Black,” Sheppard said, “This is my colleague, Senior Auror O’Neill.”

 

Draco swallowed, he didn’t know what the final interview was, but he had an inkling that it wasn’t going to be easy.

 

“We need to ask you some pretty hard-hitting questions today,” Sheppard continued, “But we would ask you to remain calm and to co-operate with us as much as possible.”

 

“Yes sir,” Draco said with a nod, he could feel and hear his heart thumping.

 

“Shall we start with the obvious one? Why would the son of a notorious Death Eater want to become an Auror?”

 

Draco had expected that question. He knew he would have to expect that question for the rest of his career if he successfully became an Auror.

 

“I wanted to become an Auror before I knew that my father was a notorious Death Eater, as you put it,” Draco replied calmly if slightly coolly, “I knew my father wasn’t a good man and I never liked the way he treated my mother, but until I went to Hogwarts, I had no idea what he was.”

 

“In that case, what made you want to become an Auror?” O’Neill asked.

 

“When I was six years old, my mother took me into Diagon Alley,” Draco began, “My father was away on a business trip, or so I thought. He didn’t allow luxuries, so when he would go away, my mother would take me out for ice cream or to a Quidditch match. That was the day of the 1986 summer attack.”

 

“We always suspected your father of orchestrating that attack,” O’Neill said.

 

“I don’t know if he orchestrated it if that’s what you’re asking,” Draco said bluntly, “But I now know that he was involved. My mother had no idea, or she would never have taken me to Diagon Alley that day. I remember hearing the fight afterwards…it got violent, but I never knew what it meant until I was older.”

 

“Why did the attack make you want to become an Auror?” Sheppard asked.

 

“A blasting spell hit the canopy above Fortescue’s, my mother and I got trapped underneath when one of the wooden supports split and fractured her wrist,” Draco said as he looked down at his hands, “I just remember the shouting and the screaming, then there was a flash of red and then there were these men fighting the Death Eaters like they had no fear. One of them came over to us…I could never recall his name or his face, but he spoke to me and stopped me from crying while a healer looked after my mother. Ever since that day, I wanted to become an Auror.”

 

Sheppard smiled slightly, “That Auror was me, Mr Black.”

 

Draco stared at him for a moment then smiled, “Well, I never got the chance to thank you so…thank you.”

 

O’Neill rolled his eyes, “Alright there’s more cheese in this room than there is on an original Chicago pizza. At least we know that he’s not bullshitting us though Shep.”

 

Draco frowned, “I assumed there was a truth ward on the room anyway?”

 

“Not exactly,” Sheppard said, “But that antidote to the veritaserum you took earlier? It was just water.”

 

“Typical,” Draco said with a vaguely amused smile.

 

“Sorry son but we’re not going to spend this whole interview telling cute stories,” O’Neill said, “You did some horrible things during the war, didn’t you?”

 

Draco swallowed, “Yes.”

 

“Did you ever kill anyone?”

 

“Yes,” Draco replied quietly.

 

“How many?”

 

“Two,” Draco replied as he stared at his hands, “To become a Death Eater, you have to kill a muggle.”

 

“We’re aware of that,” O’Neill said sharply, “Who did you kill? A pretty young girl? Defenceless, easy prey?”

 

“No,” Draco said in a hoarse voice, “He was a homeless man, a heroin addict. I found him outside a club shooting up after…after raping a girl.”

 

“Do you think that makes you any less guilty? What are you, a vigilante keeping the streets clean?” O’Neill asked darkly.

 

“I don’t think it makes me any less of a murderer if that’s what you mean,” Draco said quietly.

 

“What about the other one? What’s your excuse for that one?” O’Neill asked.

 

“It was Valentine’s Day…Death Eaters kidnapped my girlfriend and my friends’ girlfriends. We went in to get them back, and Dean Thomas died, so did his fiancé Tracey Davis. There was a wand fight in a dimly lit cave. I killed one of them. Harry killed another and Susan killed the last one.”

 

Sheppard nodded, “We are aware of that occasion. We know that you were all pardoned for it, but we appreciate you not glossing over what happened.”

 

“Here’s the next question, how exactly did you fool a war heroine into falling in love with you?”

 

“If you think that anyone can fool Hermione Granger, then you have another thing coming,” Draco said coolly.

 

“I would beg to differ,” O’Neill said, “She’s intelligent, beautiful and brave. Don’t you think she deserves much better?”

 

“No, I don’t actually,” Draco said with an icy look, “I think being with someone who loves you completely is enough for anyone.”

 

“How did you do it? Was it a love potion or a compulsion charm?”

 

“It was neither and if you don’t believe me, feel free to ask my fiancé yourself,” Draco said coolly, “If anyone can judge me for my conduct over the past few years it would be the woman who was there for almost all of it. I will happily take any criticism that you have regarding my aptitude to be an Auror on board, but when it comes to Hermione, with all due respect sir, that is none of your business. For what it is worth, though, I would go through hell and back for her. In fact, I already have, and yes, she loves me. Most days I don’t know why but she does, and nothing you can say will make me doubt that.”

 

“You went through hell and back for her? Does that include when you watched her get tortured in your house by your own aunt?” O’Neill asked.

 

“That was the worst part of my war,” Draco said quietly, “I could handle the cruciatus curse, I could even handle being Voldemort’s bitch, but I couldn’t handle seeing her be treated that way. She is so pure and to watch that be torn away from her before my very eyes…I couldn’t have helped even if I had wanted to; my father made sure of that. He put a sticking charm on my feet and called me weak-minded.”

 

“I don’t think you’re weak-minded, not after seeing the amount of pain you just went through, out of loyalty to Harry Potter,” Sheppard pointed out.

 

Draco shook his head, “I’m a different person now than I was before, but the point is…Hermione and I talked about what happened that night, and we came to the same conclusion. During the war, both of us did what we had to do to survive. For Hermione, it was going on the run with Harry, and for me, it was not helping her that night. If I had interfered I would have been killed and…I’m not Harry Potter, I’m not the hero. Back then, I thought that made me a lesser man; I thought that made Hermione care less for me than she did for him, but now I realise that not every girl wants the hero. Sometimes a girl just wants a man who is good for her, whether that man is good or not is another matter.”

 

“Do you think you are a good man, Mr Black?” Sheppard asked.

 

“I think I’m a good enough man for Hermione and I think I’m a good enough man to be considered a friend by Harry Potter,” Draco said, “And honestly, that’s enough for me.”

 

“Now Mr Black, there is only one more question we have to ask you today,” Sheppard said sincerely, “And I’m afraid that it won’t be an easy one.”

 

“None of them have been,” Draco said honestly.

 

Sheppard nodded, “What was it like, being hugged by Lord Voldemort?”

 

Draco looked between Sheppard and O’Neill, who was the older of the two. He couldn’t work out if this was a joke or not but the moment he saw a slight sparkle in Sheppard’s eye he laughed and shook his head, “With all due respect sir, that question was a dick move.”

 

Sheppard grinned, “That bad, huh?”

 

“I would honestly go as far to say I preferred his cruciatus curses to his hugs,” Draco said distastefully.

 

Sheppard patted him on the back, “Understandable. You did well today, Mr Black, regardless of your result, I wanted you to know that.”

 

“Thank you, sir,” Draco said as he got to his feet and shook Sheppard’s hand.

 

“Well done Mr Black,” O’Neill said as he also shook Draco’s hand, “I’m sorry for the rude questions, but I was the bad cop today.”

 

“He’s always the bad cop,” Sheppard muttered as he led Draco out of the room into a large white waiting room. Once more, he was the first person here, “Take a seat Mr Black, when all of the recruits who have passed are gathered in this waiting room we will swing by to tell you what happens next.”

 

Draco nodded and smiled to himself. He knew that passing this stage wasn’t any guarantee, there was still the mock case to go, but he felt like he had gotten through the worst of it. He sat down in a comfortable armchair and waited nervously for his friends to join him. He could have groaned when Eddie Carmichael, the annoying older Ravenclaw, bounded out of one of the testing rooms.

 

Eddie grinned and made a beeline for Draco, “Alright! We did it, Aurors in the making!”

 

“There’s still a final test,” Draco said dryly.

 

“Come on, man, we withstood physical torture,” Eddie scoffed, “Mock case file is going to be a piece of piss.”

 

Draco resisted the urge to roll his eyes as he looked towards the doors once more. He sincerely hoped that it wasn’t a piece of piss for Eddie because Draco found him to be very irksome. No one else from their heat emerged from the doors in the next few minutes, so Draco sighed and tried to ignore Eddie’s constantly ramblings as he waited for his friends.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Alright, boys and girls! Time for heat 2!”

 

“Where do you think he went?” Harry whispered to the others.

 

“I don’t know,” Theo whispered back, “Maybe he’s in on this part of the test?”

 

“You’ll find out soon I suspect Nev,” Harry said under his breath.

 

Neville nodded nervously as Sumner called them all forward.

 

“Dumas, Louisa: Door 1.

Harper, Maxwell: Door 2.

Kavanagh, Lesley: Door 3.

Longbottom, Neville: Door 4.

MacLeod, Douglas: Door 5.”

 

Neville was as white as a sheet when he took his place in front of the door. He was more nervous for the mental tests than he had been for the physical and magical combined but Harry and Theo both understood why. Neville was, and always had been, terrified of the fact that he had a weakened mental state because of what had happened to his parents.

 

“3…2…1…Go!”

 

The door unlocked, and Neville stepped in, terrified of what would greet him on the other side. He frowned as he took in his surroundings, he seemed to be in an abandoned warehouse. It was dark, and there was no roof on this thing, so he deduced that it was night time. He already felt on edge as he read the plaque in front of him;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be faced with a scenario that will challenge your morals. There is no right or wrong choice in this test, but it gives us a gauge on your moral compass. Think carefully about your options and act on your own gut feeling. You will find a brief outline of the scenario you are faced with in the drawer provided.”

 

Neville took a breath and pulled out the drawer beneath the wooden plaque. He knew that he shouldn’t struggle too much with this one because he had pretty strong morals but knowing that and being able to make a tough call was a different situation altogether.

 

His hands shook as he looked down at the parchment in his hand and read the scenario that he had been given, “You are the leader of a small group of Aurors. You are on your way back from a completed mission when one of your men steps into an explosive ward. The ward alerts the enemy to your presence and as the Auror steps out of it, explodes and injures him badly. If the enemy finds your injured man, they will torture him and kill him. If you try to take him with you, then your entire group will be captured. The only way to prevent this injured Auror from being tortured is to kill him yourself.”

 

Neville cursed to himself as the scene materialised in front of him. An Auror was lying on the ground in front of him; both of his legs were missing and lay a few feet away from him. There was blood everywhere; another two Aurors were crouched over the injured man. They were all frozen in position, but Neville got the point, it was to make him visualise the situation.

 

He sighed as his mind went into overdrive. The easiest way for him to come to an informed decision was to bounce ideas off of Harry, but Harry wasn’t here, so he had to compromise.

 

“I’m not insane,” Neville said as he looked up, “But my partner in crime isn’t here, so I’m just going to have to pretend that he is to work this out.”

 

He knew the Aurors were watching him, but nobody said anything. He looked at a spot directly in front of him and imagined he was talking to Harry, “So are there any other options apart from killing the Auror? Yes, I know I don’t have a lot of time to make the decision…we are probably in an anti-apparition zone, and if we take the injured Auror, then it’s going to slow us done. If we decide to take him, then I need to make that decision sooner rather than later. I have to think about this logically for a minute, carrying an injured man will impair our own ability to fight, and the enemy might catch up, if we take him then I would be endangering everyone on this mission.”

 

“Time is ticking Mr Longbottom,” A disembodied voice said.

 

All of a sudden, the scene came to life, which made Neville jump.

 

“Sir! What is our next call?” One of the Aurors next to the injured man asked.

 

Neville hesitated and looked down at the injured man. His breath caught in his throat when he realised for the first time that this was not an unnamed Auror, it was Harry.

 

Neville took a step closer and watched his best friend writhing in pain, “Nev, please,” he begged.

 

“I don’t think I can save you, Harry,” Neville said, his voice stuck in his throat.

 

“I’d slow you down,” Harry grimaced.

 

“We wouldn’t make it out,” Neville whispered.

 

Harry cried in pain, “I don’t want you to save me, Nev. Please, put me out of my misery and get the guys out of here. There’s no need for all of us to die; we all have girls to get back to; we all have families.”

 

Neville hesitated once more.

 

“Just do one thing for me, Nev,” Harry said, grabbing his hand, “Tell Daphne that I’m sorry that the last thing that we did was fight. Don’t let her be a lonely old spinster, okay? She’s hot as hell; she can’t waste that.”

 

Neville laughed tearfully but nodded.

 

“And tell Teddy that I died a hero, tell him I died saving a bunch of muggles or something, please,” Harry said as he choked on his own words, “Or maybe that it was a dragon attack, something cool okay?”

 

Neville swallowed hard, “Harry. You’re my best friend…I can’t-”

 

“Nev, please,” Harry said, “Make it stop. It hurts so much…just make it stop. I don’t want them to torture me. Just let me go peacefully, please.”

 

Neville swallowed the lump in his throat and took a shaky breath. He didn’t want anyone to suffer from the same fate as his parents, especially not Harry. But he also knew that killing Harry meant taking away a husband and a father. He knew that he had to make the decision sooner rather than later if he wanted to get the rest of his men out of there, so he went with his head rather than with his heart.

 

Neville placed his wand on Harry’s chest, “I’m so sorry,” he whispered.

 

Harry smiled weakly, “Thank you.”

 

Neville took another breath and then stopped Harry’s heart with a simple medical charm. It was quick, and it was painless. In seconds he had ended his life.

 

The scene dematerialised, and a loud click alerted Neville to the fact that a door had appeared ahead of him. He began to walk over to it, and as he did so, a disembodied voice spoke to him, “You saved the lives of every Auror in your group by allowing the injured Auror to die. However, all actions have consequences. In this case, you would have to be the one to tell the Aurors wife and son that he had died in action.”

 

“Not to mention the guilt of living with the fact I killed my best friend,” Neville said glumly. He wiped the stray tears away with the sleeve of his cardigan and stepped through the door into the next room.

 

The moment he did so, a dementor swept down on him. He jumped back, drew his wand and visualised the night he and Lilly had danced together after they had finished restoring Longbottom Manor.

 

“Expecto Patronum!”

 

A huge bear bounded out of his wand and tackled the Dementor. It shrieked and drew back into nothingness, Neville glanced around warily after that in case there were any more surprises. All he found was a plaque which read;

 

“If you did not manage to defeat the Dementor, you have failed this room. If you did defeat the Dementor, congratulations but you are not finished yet. There is a boggart in the wardrobe which you will have to face when you approach it. If you fail to overcome the boggart, then you will fail this room.”

 

Neville took a step towards the wardrobe and briefly thought about how relieved he was that the boggart no longer took the form of Professor Snape. He could just imagine the laugh that would have given the Aurors observing his selection test.

 

After his initial relief, Neville felt nervous because he realised that he didn’t know what his boggart’s form was anymore. He did know that it would be something far more sinister than Professor Snape these days. He took a deep breath to prepare himself and stepped forward once more.

 

The door burst open, and the boggart took form. Neville felt sick to his stomach when he saw Lilly, deep down, he had known that she would feature in his worst fear. She was being tortured and to make it worse; she was being tortured with the cruciatus curse. She was on her knees screaming in pain, her body writhing and twisting.

 

Neville froze. His worst fear was seeing what had happened to his parents happen to Lilly. Her screams were blood-curdling, and it made his blood boil with rage. He could feel his wrath fuelling his magical power, so he raised his wand and roared, “Riddikulus!”

 

The charm hit the boggart, and the scene instantly changed. The cruciatus curse changed to a tickling charm, Lilly was no longer screaming, she was laughing. He paused for a moment and caught his breath. What he had just seen had terrified him because Lilly wasn’t just any healer; she was a trauma healer. He knew that meant there was every chance that what he just witnessed could happen to her and if it did Neville worried that it might break him.

 

A click snapped him out of his thoughts, and he took another deep breath to steady his nerves before walking through the door that had just appeared. The moment he emerged in the room, he knew that there was going to be an element of torture because this was a torture chamber.

 

There was a plaque in front of him and then in front of that; there was a red line. Neville stepped forward and read it;

 

“When you cross the line, the door will lock, and you will be subjected to torture at the hands of a Death Eater. You are required to place your wand in the drawer provided, and in this drawer, there is a piece of information. The Death Eater will try and extract this information from you, but your task is to protect it at all costs. If you give up this piece of information, you will fail this room.”

 

Neville had known that something like this would come up, but he was also dreading it. He wasn’t an idiot; he knew his own mind. His weakness was his parents and more specifically, the way they had been tortured. He could feel and hear his heart beating as he opened the drawer and unrolled the small roll of parchment that was hidden within it.

 

“There will be a raid on a suspected hide-out for Death Eaters who escaped the war tomorrow night.”

 

The moment Neville had read this information, the piece of parchment burst into flames, and a loud click came from behind him. Neville spun around and realised that the door behind him had disappeared; he was now locked in this room.

 

“When are they going to raid us, Longbottom?”

 

Neville jumped and spun around, while he had been lamenting the loss of the door, a Death Eater had appeared behind him. He swallowed his fear and replied, “I don’t know.”

 

The Death Eater pointed his hand at Neville’s knee cap and clenched it into a fist. Neville cursed loudly in pain and fell to the ground as his knee cap was crushed to pieces, “Don’t play dumb with me. You are an Auror, you know there’s going to be a raid so tell me where and I’ll let you live.”

 

“I’m not a dirty Auror, this isn’t the dark days before the war,” Neville said through gritted teeth, “I will not tell you anything.”

 

The Death Eater clenched his fist again, and Neville’s other knee cap was crushed. He cried out in pain from the floor as the Death Eater advanced on him, “How many men are they sending?”

 

Neville said nothing, so the Death Eater started to break bones in his legs, “Do they know who is hiding out there?”

 

Another bone was broken, “When is the raid going to be?”

 

“I won’t tell you!” Neville shouted.

 

The Death Eater was starting to get frustrated now, “Fine; I think we need to try a new tactic. Why don’t we see how far we can push you with the cruciatus curse? Will you last longer than your parents?”

 

Before Neville could get angry about that comment, the Death Eater had raised his wand and shouted, “Crucio!”

 

Neville screamed in pain as the curse wracked his body. The fact that several of his bones were already broken just meant that the cruciatus curse hurt more.

 

“When is the raid, Longbottom?”

 

Neville gritted his teeth and said nothing as the pain intensified.

 

“If you don’t tell me then I guess I’ll just have to find that girlfriend of yours,” the Death Eater said cruelly, “The two of you can get a suite in St. Mungo’s, just like your crazy parents.”

 

Neville gritted his teeth and shut his eyes tightly. He saw flashes of green and heard screams; he imagined his parents being tortured in their home back at Godric’s Hollow. He saw Lilly screaming in pain like she had been when he saw his boggart.

 

The Death Eater laughed, “Are you crying, Longbottom?”

 

Neville was shaking, but it wasn’t because he was crying, it was because he was losing control of his magic. When he looked up at the Death Eater, there was a fire burning behind his eyes, and without touching his wand, he blasted the Death Eater back into the wall, burning him badly in the process.

 

There was silence in the room for a moment; all Neville could hear was his own heavy breathing. He was sure he had failed as he shut his eyes and pictured Lilly, he remembered the dancing and the paint fights as they had decorated the house. He remembered the circus and their graduation, all of the kisses and all of the times he had made her laugh. It calmed him and brought his breathing back to normal.

 

When Neville opened his eyes, he realised that a door had materialised in front of him. There was no way he could get up and walk through it, so he was grateful when a healer walked in. She knelt by his side and told him that everything would be okay if he took a potion. He trusted her and took it, surely enough he began to feel his pain ease.

 

He got to his feet shakily when he felt able to. He took a deep breath and looked around; he was just waiting for someone to tell him that he had failed. After all, he had lost control of his magic. When nothing happened, Neville walked through the door tentatively.

 

He was relieved when all the next room contained was a table, two chairs and a woman he didn’t recognise dressed in red Auror robes. The woman, who was middle-aged with reddish-blonde hair, smiled at him, “Take a seat, Mr Longbottom. I’m Auror Cadman, and I will be assessing you for this next test.”

 

Neville sat down, “Was that real?”

 

“None of the injuries you received will bother you in real life,” Cadman said, “They were simulated.”

 

“They felt real,” Neville said honestly.

 

“They are designed that way,” Cadman said somewhat sympathetically, “Now, this next task will test if you have any psychopathic traits. It is an essential part of our vetting programme. Do you consent to taking a small dose of veritaserum before we begin?”

 

Neville nodded, “Of course, I understand.”

 

“Thank you for your co-operation,” Cadman said as she handed him a phial with a tiny amount of veritaserum inside it.

 

Neville drank it in one sip and handed her back the phial. Cadman smiled and explained, “I will read you 15 statements, and I need you to tell me whether you disagree completely, disagree, neither agree nor disagree, agree or agree completely with them. Do you understand?”

 

Neville nodded, “Yes, ma’am.”

 

“I rarely follow the rules.”

 

“Neither agree nor disagree.”

 

“I admit that I often mouth off without thinking.”

 

“Disagree completely.”

 

“I've often done something dangerous just for the thrill of it.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I enjoy high-speed flying.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I enjoy gambling for real money.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I enjoy doing wild things.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I like to have sex with people I barely know.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I am an impulsive person.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I keep getting in trouble for the same things over and over.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I have used illegal spells such as the unforgivable curses.”

 

“Agree Completely.”

 

“I enjoy taking risks.”

 

“Neither agree nor disagree.”

 

“I easily get bored.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I always miss appointments.

 

“Agree.

 

“I never plan out my weekly activities.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I am a rebellious person.”

 

“Agree.”

 

Cadman glanced down at her notes and scribbled for a few minutes. When she was finished, she looked up at Neville with a smile, “We get concerned with a score higher than 4 Mr Longbottom, your average score was 2.8.”

 

“Good to know that I’m not a psychopath,” Neville joked.

 

Cadman didn’t seem to see the funny side of it, “It is merely a precaution Mr Longbottom, not a certain thing. Would you please proceed through the door behind me for your final interview with two senior Aurors?”

 

Neville nodded, “Thank you, ma’am,” he said simply.

 

He stepped through the door behind her into another interview/interrogation room. It also had a table, but there were three chairs in this room, and two of them were occupied by Senior Aurors. One of them was Sumner, but Neville didn’t recognise the other one.

 

“Welcome to the final interview, Mr Longbottom,” Sumner said curtly, “This is my colleague Senior Auror Landry, and we’re going to be asking you some pretty tough questions today.”

 

“Ask away,” Neville said as he sat down opposite the two men.

 

“We have to start with the question on everyone’s minds,” Sumner said, “Are you really good enough to be an Auror?”

 

Neville bit back his anger at that comment, “Yes. I fought alongside Harry Potter. I thought that might have stood for something. I held my own against Death Eaters in the final battle; I beheaded that snake. I’m assuming you understand the significance of that.”

 

“You killed a couple of Death Eaters, and you destroyed a Horcrux. Do you think that makes you good enough to be here?”

 

“Yeah, I do,” Neville said as he felt his anger building up.

 

“You were a bumbling fool before all of that. How do you expect to live up to your parents' reputation or to better it?”

 

“By not getting cursed by Bellatrix Lestrange,” Neville said irritably.

 

“That’s something else we need to ask you about,” Sumner said, “They were some of the best Aurors we had, but they were caught and tortured. How do we know that you won’t be as weak as them? You could end up being nothing but a thorn in our side, a drain on our resources.”

 

“They weren’t weak,” Neville retorted, “They were great Aurors but regardless of how great someone is, hours of torture will weaken them! Call me weak if you want, but at least I fought, I didn’t spend the whole war hiding. I was in that school stopping those vindictive bastards they called teachers from torturing pupils! Where were the Aurors then? Where were they in the final battle? I didn’t see either of you two blast a werewolf off of one of your close friends!”

 

“Alright son,” Landry, the older and kinder looking of the two, said, “We understand that you went through a lot in the final battle but have you ever had the cruciatus curse used on you for a prolonged period of time?”

 

“I had it used on me every time I tried to stop the Carrows torturing first years,” Neville said darkly, “Maybe it wasn’t used on me for a long period of time but having it cast on you that often, it helps you build up resilience.”

 

Landry nodded, “We are sorry about the insensitive nature of these questions, but we do have to ask them.”

 

“Our next question concerns Harry Potter. He’s your best friend, is that right?”

 

“Yes, he’s one of them,” Neville replied.

 

“How would you feel if the two of you were selected and paired up? You would be in his shadow for your whole career,” Sumner pointed out.

 

Neville snorted, “With all due respect sir, I’ve been in his shadow since the day I met him. I don’t think there are many people out there who can outshine Harry Potter and to be honest; I’m okay with that. I’m not Ron Weasley, being second best doesn’t bother me because frankly, second best is better than the position I was in for most of my time at Hogwarts. As for being in Harry’s shadow, well there isn’t a greater wizard’s shadow to occupy sir.”

 

Sumner looked vaguely impressed with this answer, but he tried to hide it, “Alright, what about your girlfriend then, Miss Lillian Moon?”

 

Neville frowned, “What about her?”

 

“She is training to be a trauma healer. If she qualifies, she will be working alongside Aurors. Is that going to affect your work? What if she gets hit while caring for an Auror on the field and you see it happen?” Sumner asked sternly.

 

“As much as I hate the fact that she’s putting herself in danger, I know that Lilly is smart enough and strong enough to take care of herself. I know she would kill me if she thought I compromised my job or hers because of my personal feelings for her,” Neville replied calmly, “Our relationship is based on mutual respect.”

 

“I can see that,” Landry said with a slight smile, “I think we’re done here. Do you, Sumner?”

 

Sumner nodded, he got to his feet and shook Neville’s hand, “You did well today. Congratulations, Longbottom.”

 

Landry shook his hand too, “Congratulations on getting this far and best of luck.”

 

Neville bit back a grin as Sumner led him outside. His eyes scanned the waiting room, and he grinned when he saw Draco.

 

“You can talk to Mr Black once we have gone through your performance review,” Sumner said as he flipped open a brown file, “I am assuming that you want to know how you did?”

 

Neville nodded, “Yes, sir.”

 

“Alright, test one, your moral compass. The team noted that it was interesting that you weren’t sure how to make a decision without Harry Potter, which is why we inserted him into the simulation. It was clear that made it harder for you,” Sumner said.

 

Neville nodded.

 

“All the same, the team agreed with the decision that you came to in the end,” Sumner began.

 

“I can’t help it,” Neville admitted, “Harry and I bounce off each other. It’s how I come to my best decisions.”

 

“It worked so we can’t knock it,” Sumner admitted, “Test two was the Dementor and boggart test. We couldn’t fault your Patronus, and you didn’t let the fright of a Dementor springing on you knock your confidence. The boggart, again you defeated it, albeit a little aggressively.”

 

Neville simply nodded; he was worried about the feedback he would get on his physical torture test.

 

“Room three, physical torture,” Sumner said, “You withstood pain very well, and you loyally defended the information. We were worried that the cruciatus curse might be a weak point for you, but you handled it better than we were expecting. I have to bring up how you defeated that Death Eater though, you didn’t have your wand on you and that blast looked very much like accidental magic.”

 

“I did lose control of it for a second,” Neville admitted, “But I brought it back under control. I never used to be able to do that. I’ve been training myself.”

 

“It is still a concern,” Sumner admitted, “So if you were to get in, we would be sending you to a mental health healer to help you bring that under control.”

 

“I understand that, Sir.”

 

Sumner nodded, “You did fine when we vetted you for psychopathic traits, and your final interview was very well handled. Overall Longbottom, well done.”

 

“What happens, next sir?”

 

“Go and catch up with Mr Black while you wait for the rest of the candidates who have managed to pass this test,” Sumner said, “Once everyone has been tested, we will sort you into pairs and assign you a mock case file.”

 

“Alright, thank you, sir.”

 

Sumner nodded and got to his feet. He left without another word, so Neville headed over to Draco, the blond man looked relieved to be able to talk to someone other than Eddie Carmichael. He hugged his friend and said, “Thank Merlin, I’ve been going out of my mind.”

 

“What because you want me to be an Auror with you that badly?” Neville asked in surprise.

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “No you idiot, because I’ve been stuck with him for Merlin knows how long.”

 

“Gee, thanks Draco,” Neville said with a weak smile as he sank into a seat next to his friend, “That was rough, wasn’t it?”

 

Draco nodded, “They didn’t pull any punches; that’s for sure.”

 

“Yeah,” Neville sighed, he glanced to the testing doors, “I guess I was the first one out?”

 

Draco nodded, “Was Theo in your heat?”

 

Neville shook his head, “No, you’re going to have to wait a bit longer to see if your boyfriend made it, sorry.”

 

“Don’t joke, Neville,” Draco said quietly, “Having just gone through that…I’m not sure Theo is strong enough.”

 

Neville sighed, “No…neither am I. Maybe we need to have a bit more faith in him though.”

 

“Maybe,” Draco said somewhat hopefully.

 

They began to compare notes on their tests to pass the time. Eddie got involved in the conversation, as he always seemed to. As they waited, a few more people emerged from the testing rooms. The first was Lesley Kavanagh, one of the girls they had briefly spoken to the day before.

 

The last person from Neville’s heat to make it through was Maxwell Harper, which made Draco grin, “Well done, Max!”

 

Max grinned, “Two Slytherins through already this year, would you look at that?”

 

Draco chuckled, and the two of them got to chatting about their experiences of the mental tests. Eddie seized the chance to start talking at Neville which Draco looked far too pleased about as he threw his friend an amused smirk.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


“Heat 3!” Sumner boomed as he stepped into the room, clapping his hands loudly as he did so.

 

Harry and Theo shared nervous glances. They had a feeling that they would be up next.

 

“Nott, Theodore: Door 1.

Potter, Harry: Door 2.

Redford, Jessica: Door 3.

Wells, Julian: Door 4.

Wilde, Emily: Door 5.”

 

They all lined up. Harry glanced over at Theo and mouthed, “Good luck.”

 

Theo, who looked very pale, nodded in response.

 

“3…2…1…Go!”

 

Theo swallowed his fear and stepped through the door into the first room of his selection test. He wasn’t sure what he had expected to walk into, but he certainly hadn’t expected it to be a small, cramped boat. He frowned and took in his surroundings, he was definitely on a boat, and that boat was sinking, in the distance a huge cruise ship was aflame. Straight ahead of him was a plaque which he read carefully;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be faced with a scenario that will challenge your morals. There is no right or wrong choice in this test, but it gives us a gauge on your moral compass. Think carefully about your options and act on your own gut feeling. You will find a brief outline of the scenario you are faced with in the drawer provided.”

 

“Great,” Theo murmured as he opened the drawer and withdrew a scroll of parchment, “I need to use my non-existent moral compass.”

 

He unrolled the scroll and read his scenario very carefully. He had learned that it was best to have some semblance of a plan before stepping over the line;

 

“You are on a cruise ship when there is a fire onboard which forces the ship to be abandoned. The lifeboats are carrying many more people than they were designed to carry. The lifeboat that you are in is sitting dangerously low in the water, a few inches lower and it will sink. The sea starts to get rough, and the boat begins to fill with water, you lose your wand in the struggle. If nothing is done, it will sink before the rescue boats arrive and everyone on board will die. However, one of the people on board is badly burned and may die before the rescue boat arrives.”

 

Theo cursed the fact that he was going to have to work this out without a wand. He crossed the line, and the scenario began to play out. The sea started to slosh; people screamed and shouted; it felt authentic.

 

“I can’t use a buoyancy charm because I have no wand,” Theo mumbled to himself, “And I can’t transfigure anything into a new boat either…”

 

He took a breath and surveyed his surroundings, he felt lost without his wand, and he knew that the Aurors would view that as a weakness. There were no other boats nearby, and there was no way to signal any of the ships in the distance. Going back onto the cruise ship wasn’t an option either; the flames were consuming it incredibly quickly.

 

The boat lurched and sank a little further into the water. Theo jumped and grabbed the side to steady himself. He took that moment as an opportunity to survey the people on the boat. There were about 20 people crammed into the small lifeboat; Theo instantly spotted the badly burned man. Of the remaining passengers, most were children.

 

He swallowed as the boat lurched again; he knew that he didn’t have long to make this decision. If he failed to come to a decision, then they would all die, and he reckoned the Aurors would count that as a fail. The right thing to do would be to start a debate and come to a joint decision about throwing the burned man overboard, but he wasn’t sure they had time for that. He also knew that there would be objections, but it had to be done, or all of these innocent children would be lost at sea.

 

Theo swallowed hard and murmured, “I wouldn’t want anyone else having someone’s death on their conscience, so here goes…”

 

The boat lurched again, and Theo seized his chance, he leant forward and pushed the man overboard while the wave lapped up over the sides of the little boat. The moment he had done, so the scene paused.

 

Theo frowned as he waited for something to happen. He heard a click and realised that a door had appeared in the middle of the sea, “Way to ruin the illusion,” he said as he began to walk over water to get to the door.

 

As he did so, a disembodied male voice said, “By throwing the injured man overboard, you saved the life of every other person on board the boat. However, every action has consequences. In this case, when the rescue boat reaches port, you get off and see a woman with three small children in tears, this is the family of the man you threw overboard.”

 

“Yeah well, at least I saved all of those kids,” Theo said, to justify his decision to himself. He stepped through the door into the second room before the disembodied voice could say any more to him.

 

He hadn’t expected to see a Dementor the second he stepped into the room, so it made him jump. He fumbled for his wand, but by the time he had grabbed it, the Dementor was nearly upon him. He didn’t need to shut his eyes to conjure up his happiest memory; it was from his wedding day. Theo didn’t think he would ever tell anyone apart from Draco but, his happiest memory was just of watching Sadie laughing as she danced with Daphne.

 

“Expecto Patronum!”

 

His Patronus, which was a large dog, ran down the Dementor and it disappeared into the fog.

 

“Way to give me a heart attack,” Theo said to the empty room as he walked up to the plaque and read what it said;

 

“If you did not manage to defeat the Dementor, you have failed this room. If you did defeat the Dementor, congratulations but you are not finished yet. There is a boggart in the wardrobe which you will have to face when you approach it. If you fail to overcome the boggart, then you will fail this room.”

 

Theo wasn’t particularly worried about that because he had defeated a boggart before, in third year for the first time as well. He didn’t see it as a particularly challenging thing, but he did get a shock when he realised that his boggart had changed form. When it emerged from the wardrobe, it was in the form of Sadie.

 

He frowned as Sadie walked towards him and began to speak, “I’m leaving you, Theo. Why would I want to stay here in Britain with you when I can live in Egypt? There are curse breakers out there who are better looking than you, not to mention smarter.”

 

Theo swallowed and raised his wand, it wasn’t real, but it was playing on some pretty damn real fears.

 

“I am free without you, Theo. I don’t know why I ever married a womaniser like you anyway; it’s not like you would stay faithful to me and you certainly aren’t husband material. Why would someone like me ever want to have children with someone like you?”

 

Theo got angry at that; it gave him the drive he needed to raise his wand and say, “Riddikulus!”

 

It hadn’t been difficult; all he had to do was shut his eyes and remember a moment on their honeymoon. They had just been escorted away from the Eiffel Tower by the muggle police, then Sadie had gotten really pissed at him, so they had resolved the issue with angry sex. Then they had had make up sex, just for good measure and as they were lying in bed together, Sadie had burst out laughing and told him that she loved him, idiotic traits and all.

 

When he opened his eyes to look at the boggart, it was now Sadie and himself, but Sadie didn’t look cruel, and she was holding a small baby. Theo smiled slightly as a click let him know that the door was unlocked and that he had passed this room.

 

He stepped into the next room, and immediately, he felt sick. It was apparent that this was some sort of dungeon designed with one purpose in mind, torture. He swallowed hard and nervously read the plaque in front of him;

 

“When you cross the line, the door will lock, and you will be subjected to torture by the hand of a Death Eater. You are required to place your wand in the drawer provided, and in this drawer, there is a piece of information. The Death Eater will try and extract this information from you, but your task is to protect it at all costs. If you give up this piece of information, you will fail this room.”

 

Theo knew there was no point waiting to cross the line because there was no strategy to withstanding torture. You could either do it or you couldn’t so he opened the drawer and read the line of information written on his secret scroll;

 

"The code to the vault is 0-3-6-4."

 

The parchment burst into flames the moment Theo had read it, so he instantly stepped over the red line, he wanted this to be over as quickly as possible. The moment he was over the line, a Death Eater appeared before him.

 

“Do you know how to get into that vault?” The Death Eater asked.

 

“What vault?” Theo asked. He thought playing dumb might work.

 

The Death Eater held his hand out and clenched his fist, shattering one of Theo’s knee bones. It made Theo groan in pain and fall to the ground.

 

“Don’t play smart with me. Where is the entrance to the vault?”

 

“Oh I don’t know, that’s why they make them secret you see,” Theo said sarcastically, “But of course an ogre like you wouldn’t know that.”

 

The Death Eater growled and shattered Theo’s other knee bone, “Tell me how to get into that vault, Nott!”

 

“I think not,” Theo said, he was in agony, but he was determined not to show it.

 

The Death Eater flicked a finger towards Theo; it snapped a bone in his leg so badly that it pierced the skin. That one did make him scream in pain, “Is it a password or a code?”

 

“Not telling,” Theo said in a sing-song voice.

 

The Death Eater snapped another bone, this time in Theo’s arm, it hurt just as bad as the one in his leg had but he was determined not to give up his information, even though the pain was getting so bad that it was making him feel sick. He wasn’t Harry Potter or Neville Longbottom; he wasn’t a naturally brave person.

 

“Maybe the cruciatus curse will loosen your tongue, smart arse,” The Death Eater snarled.

 

“Oh, it’s worth a shot, I guess,” Theo said.

 

“Crucio!”

 

Theo didn’t want to look weak, but he did scream in pain because having your body twisted and contorted hurt like hell when you had broken bones sticking out of you.

 

“Where is the vault?”

 

“Didn’t I say that I wasn’t telling you? Is this the best you can do by the way?”

 

The Death Eater upped the volume of the curse, and Theo cried out in pain, to begin with.

 

“Where is the vault?”

 

Through clenched teeth, Theo said, “Shit, you’re not a very good Death Eater, are you? The last time I was tortured, the guy tried to rip my intestines out of me. You’re just making me twitch a little.”

 

“Little smart arse,” The Death Eater muttered as he broke another bone in Theo’s arm for good measure, “Maybe you won’t be so clever when I threaten to kill your sweet little wife if you don’t tell me what I want to know.”

 

“You leave my wife the hell out of this,” Theo growled, “You can do what you want to me, but if you touch one hair on her head, my friends will hunt you down and kill you.”

 

“Touched a nerve there, have we?” The Death Eater smirked.

 

At that, the Death Eater disappeared. Theo sighed in relief and felt a wave of pain rush over him. The world went black as his body went limp and his head hit the ground, hard. He wasn’t sure how long he was out for, but when he woke up, he felt fine, and he seemed to be cured of all of his injuries.

 

“Feeling better?”

 

Theo jumped and looked up, “Sorenson?”

 

“You have been healed,” Sorenson said, he cocked his head, “All injuries inflicted in here can be undone with a simple potion since none of them are genuine. I’m not even assessing you, by the way, I just wanted to be here to observe.”

 

“Are you still making sure that I’m good enough for your sister?” Theo asked, he got up on shaky feet and took a deep breath.

 

“No, I’ve known for a while that you are good enough for Sadie, I just wanted to spy on you,” Sorenson said honestly, “But I am starting to think you have a pain fetish.”

 

Theo winked, “Just ask your sister.”

 

Sorenson rolled his eyes, “You’re an idiot. Go through that door for the next test.”

 

Theo chuckled under his breath, “Alright, thanks, Sorenson.”

 

He went through the door, that he was fairly sure hadn’t been there before, and emerged into some kind of interrogation room. There was a desk with two chairs, sitting in one of them was a middle-aged, balding man in red Auror robes.

 

“Please take a seat, Mr Nott. My name is Auror Campbell, and I will be assessing you on this next test,” Campbell said.

 

Theo nodded and sat down across from the Auror, “What is the next test?”

 

“We are testing you to ascertain whether you have any psychopathic traits. It is an essential part of the strict vetting we undertake for this programme. I will require you to take veritaserum to ensure you answer honestly. Is that going to be a problem?”

 

“No, sir,” Theo replied.

 

The Auror handed him a phial with a small amount of veritaserum in it, and he took it straight away. Theo handed the empty phial back to the Auror.

 

“Thank you, Mr Nott. I will read you 15 statements, and you must tell me whether you disagree completely, disagree, neither agree nor disagree, agree or agree completely with each statement. Do you understand?”

 

Theo nodded.

 

“Are you ready to begin?”

 

“Yes, sir,” Theo replied.

 

“Alright,” Campbell said, “Statement 1. I rarely follow the rules.”

 

“Agree completely.”

 

“I admit that I often 'mouth off' without thinking.”

 

“Agree completely.”

 

“I've often done something dangerous just for the thrill of it.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I enjoy high-speed flying.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I enjoy gambling for real money.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I enjoy doing wild things.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I like to have sex with people I barely know.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I am an impulsive person.”

 

“Neither agree nor disagree.”

 

“I keep getting in trouble for the same things over and over.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I have used illegal spells such as the unforgivable curses.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I enjoy taking risks.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I get bored easily.”

 

“Agree Completely.”

 

“I always miss appointments.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I never plan out my weekly activities.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I am a rebellious person.”

 

“Neither agree nor disagree.”

 

Campbell said nothing for a minute or two as he scribbled on the piece of parchment in front of him with his quill. It just made Theo feel even more nervous. He really didn’t want to be told that he had the potential to become a psychopath.

 

“We get concerned with an average score that is higher than 4 Mr Nott,” Campbell explained as he looked up, “Your score was 3.1.”

 

“Phew,” Theo said with a grin, “I didn’t want to be a psychopath.”

 

Campbell saw the humour in the joke, “Today is your lucky day. Would you please head through the door behind me to your final interview?”

 

Theo nodded as he got to his feet, “Yes, sir, thank you.”

 

He felt more nervous than he had all day as he stepped through that door into the final room. There was something very definitive about a final interview, funnily enough. He was so close that if he screwed up at this final hurdle, it would just make it all the worse.

 

The room he walked into was far less intimidating than he had been expecting. It looked very similar to the room he had just left; the only difference was the fact there was an extra seat and an additional person.

 

Sitting opposite the only vacant chair were two Senior Aurors that he didn’t recognise. The first, a woman with short curly brown hair smiled at him, “Congratulations for getting this far Mr Nott. I am Senior Auror Weir, and this is my colleague, Senior Auror Bates. We need to ask you some difficult questions in this final interview.”

 

Bates didn’t look as nice as Weir. He was short and stout in stature and had a frown that seemed to be permanently pasted onto his face. There was no debate over who was the good cop and who was the bad cop here, that was for sure.

 

“So Mr Nott, would we be right to say you are part of a fairly close-knit friend group that also includes Mr Potter, Mr Longbottom and Mr Black?” Weir asked.

 

Theo nodded, “That’s right.”

 

“What do you have to offer us then?” Bates asked, “Mr Potter is the saviour of the wizarding world, and Mr Longbottom is his snake killing sidekick. Even Mr Black, although he may not have been on the right side during the war, is a powerful duellist. It seems to me that you’re the weak link here so what do you bring to the table?”

 

Theo kept his cool because he knew that they were trying to get a rise out of him, “Harry did save the world that’s true, and Neville beheaded a snake. I’ll tell you what I bring to the table that those two don’t, I’m not a Gryffindor. I don’t run stupidly and blindly into situations, I assess the situation logically, and then I decide the best course of action. As for Draco, yes I’m not as powerful as him, but I would debate whether I was smarter. He has a great mind, but sometimes his lack of common sense is astounding. I’ll tell you what I bring to the table, common sense, and it’s my common sense that’s going to keep those three idiots alive.”

 

Weir smirked slightly, which made Theo happy; she liked his answer. Bates’s permanently glued on scowl didn’t shift though.

 

“How do we know that we can trust you to be a good Auror, Mr Nott? Given your past, we are wary,” Bates began, “How do we know that you aren’t cruel like your father?”

 

Theo swallowed; he didn’t know why he was surprised. He should have known that they would have dredged up all the shit in his past, “I am nothing like my father. I hate that man and all that he stood for, trust me. Maybe it isn’t a pleasant thing to think or say but when he died…I was happy.”

 

“Given your father’s crimes, that is understandable,” Weir said kindly.

 

“What you say may be so, but even the purest people can have secrets,” Bates added, “We don’t know what you have locked away. Your father had lots of things locked away, like your mother, for instance.”

 

“How dare you,” Theo hissed as he rose to his feet, “How fucking dare you? What my father did to my mother was disgusting, and it’s why I wanted this job in the first place! If you lot had done your job and looked out for vulnerable women forced into marriages with monsters like my father, then my mother would be alive today, but she slipped through the cracks, like so many others! You didn’t care about getting justice for her until she was lying on a slab in your morgue! I won’t be that kind of Auror; I want to help living people!”

 

He was still fuming as he paced the floor of the interrogation room under the watchful eye of the two senior Aurors, “My mother was killed, in the most horrible way, for falling in love! I don’t think anyone should be forced into marrying someone they don’t love, and I don’t think anyone should be punished because of who they love either.”

 

“Our apologies for the insensitive question Mr Nott,” Weir said as he placed a hand on his arm, “Would you please sit down?”

 

Theo’s blood was boiling, but he didn’t want to look like he wasn’t obeying orders, so he sat back down and tried to get his temper under control.

 

“We understand that this is a painful topic of discussion, but we have to explore it,” Weir explained.

 

Bates nodded, “We need to make sure that you are completely clean before we accept you into this programme. We don’t know how many people you have killed or hurt-”

 

“I haven’t killed anyone,” Theo cut in, “Not ever.”

 

“You have to understand our position here, Mr Nott,” Bates continued, “After all, boys learn all that they know from their fathers and your father was sick and twisted. We saw with your boggart that you are terrified of your wife leaving you. What would you do if she did find someone better? Would you take a leaf out of your father’s book?”

 

That was the final straw for Theo. He threw Bates back against the wall with wandless magic and fumed, “You have no fucking right to go there! I love my wife more than I have ever loved anything or anyone. I would never hurt her; I would kill anyone who tried to put her in pain. I am terrified of her leaving me because I don’t want to lose the one person who loves me unconditionally, despite all of the stupid shit I have done but for you to accuse me of ever thinking about doing what my father did…that’s not fucking acceptable!”

 

“Mr Nott,” Weir said gently as she grabbed his arm.

 

Theo threw her arm off of him, “No! I was a kid! I was a kid in that house when he killed my mother! He put me in that basement with the bloodstains when I was bad; what you just said was not acceptable.”

 

“Sorry, Mr Nott,” Bates said from the floor, “You are right; we went too far.”

 

“Your mother was a wonderful woman,” Weir said quietly, “She worked in the DMLE, and nobody had a bad word to say about her.”

 

“She didn’t deserve what happened to her,” Bates agreed as he got to his feet and dusted himself off.

 

“It is clear you are all Almina,” Weir finished, “And that you are nothing like your father, so we apologise for the line of questioning.”

 

“Thank you,” Theo said breathily, “And I am sorry for throwing you into a wall.”

 

“Don’t be,” Bates said, “Bad cop or not, I deserved it.”

 

Weir nodded her agreement which made Theo smile slightly, “Congratulations Mr Nott,” she said as she led him out of the room, “I just need to go over your report with you then you can join your friends.”

 

Draco and Theo grinned at each other when they locked eyes. Neville rolled his eyes and shook his head at the interaction between the two friends, once Theo had looked away from Draco, he grinned at Neville and gave him the thumbs up.

 

“Alright so test one,” Weir said as she opened up a brown file, “You did well on the morality test despite the fact you claimed to have no moral conscience.”

 

“I didn’t think I did have one,” Theo joked.

 

“I think we both know that’s not true,” Weir said with a smile, “You saved the lives of everyone on that boat by sacrificing one man.”

 

“Even though that man had a family,” Theo said quietly.

 

“And the fact you feel regret for that earns you points, trust me,” Weir said honestly, “Yes, that family lost out, but so many others were saved because of what you did. Had you saved the injured man, he would have died before reaching the rescue boats, and we would have called you foolish. Your response was logical and calculated; we like that.”

 

Theo smiled proudly at that.

 

“Test two, we couldn’t fault your defeat of the Dementor despite the fact it surprised you,” Weir said, “And your defeat of the boggart was also fine. It did flag up a weakness for us, though, combined with your physical torture test.”

 

“My wife, I know,” Theo said quickly, “And unfortunately, Sadie is always going to be my weakness.”

 

“I don’t think there’s any shame in that Mr Nott,” Weir said with a slight smile, “Now onto the torture test. You didn’t give anything away, which was great but as I said, it flagged up a weakness or two. We can’t change the fact that you react badly to someone threatening your wife, but we can change the fact that you were a smart arse to that Death Eater.”

 

“It’s in my nature ma’am.”

 

“Well you need to change that nature when you’re at work,” Weir said firmly, “Because the fact of the matter is, you got injured far more than anyone else here because of the fact you were being a smart arse.”

 

“Understood,” Theo said, and he did mean it.

 

“Your psychopathic traits test was fine, and your final interview was well handled,” Weir said, “We went too far, and we are sorry for that. Despite that, you remained relatively calm, given the circumstances.”

 

“So, what happens next?” Theo asked.

 

“You celebrate with your friends and wait for everyone else to finish being tested,” Weir said, “Once everyone who has passed is gathered in this room we will pair you all up and give you a mock case file.”

 

“Alright, thanks ma’am,” Theo said. He got to his feet, shook her hand then positively ran over to Draco.

 

“I’ve been so nervous,” Draco said as he allowed his friend to hug him, “I was worried you wouldn’t be able to handle it.”

 

“Which part, the physical torture or the probing interview?” Theo asked sarcastically.

 

“Both,” Draco admitted.

 

Theo tutted, “You need to have more faith in me. Where’s Harry?”

 

Neville frowned, “What do you mean?”

 

“Well…he was in my heat,” Theo said slowly, “And he would have finished before me. Wouldn’t he?”

 

“I would have thought so,” Draco said cautiously, “You don’t think…”

 

“No,” Neville said quickly, “This is Harry we’re talking about. If we all got here, he’ll manage it, won’t he?”

 

Theo bit his lip, “Don’t you remember what Professor Lupin said about Dementors? The more bad things there are in your past, the harder it is to overcome them.”

 

“So?” Draco asked, “What does that have to do with anything?”

 

“Harry probably has more bad stuff in his past than we do,” Neville said quietly, “And these tests are all about our mental strength.”

 

“Oh,” Draco realised, “Oh shit.”

 

“Yeah,” Neville echoed as he glanced nervously at the doors to the testing rooms, “Oh shit.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“3…2…1…Go!”

 

Harry’s heart was beating out of his chest as he stepped into the testing room. He was well aware of the fact that he had always found it harder to conquer his mental demons than he had his physical ones. So far, this testing experience had been easy, but he knew that this was the hard part for him.

 

He took in his surroundings before reading the plaque in front of him. He was at a Quidditch ground, a pretty big one with a fancy top box. He figured that meant it was a pretty big game and therefore a good target for someone like a Death Eater to attack. With this in mind he stepped forward and read the plaque;

 

“When you cross the line, you will be faced with a scenario that will challenge your morals. There is no right or wrong choice in this test, but it gives us a gauge on your moral compass. Think carefully about your options and act on your own gut feeling. You will find a brief outline of the scenario you are faced with in the drawer provided.”

 

“Great,” Harry muttered as he pulled the scroll of parchment from the drawer, “I’m going to have to try and work around my hero complex, as Daph and Hermione like to call it.”

 

There was no response to this, so Harry unrolled the parchment and read the scenario that he had been assigned;

 

“You are at a Quidditch game, and the daughter of the Minister for Magic has been taken hostage. The enemy demands that you hand over the Minister in exchange for his daughter. If you do not, he says that he will set off the proximity charm on the stand above him. This will cause an explosion which will kill everyone in the stand. Do you hand over the Minister, effectively signing his death warrant, or do you attempt to rescue the girl at the risk of destroying a stand full of civilians?”

 

Harry had no idea what he was going to do as he stepped over the line, but he knew that he worked best when he was thinking on his feet. Therefore there was no point hanging about to formulate a plan.

 

“Mr Potter, are you going to save my daughter or not?”

 

Harry jumped, Kingsley had just appeared before him, “Don’t worry Kingsley, I’ll save your daughter, but I won’t let you die in the process.”

 

“And I will not let you kill a whole stand of civilians just to save me,” Kingsley countered.

 

“I won’t do that,” Harry assured him, “I’ll find a way around it.”

 

“And how are you going to do that?” Kingsley asked.

 

“I don’t know yet, but I’m working on it,” Harry said as he looked at the stand in question, “I can’t evacuate the stand because if I do, it will set off the proximity charm. There are portkeys of course, but the moment they activate the proximity charm would go off, and there’s no way to make sure every portkey would activate at once.”

 

“He would set off the proximity charm the moment he saw you setting up portkeys,” Kingsley pointed out, “He’s hiding underneath the stand, and there are extensive protective charms between him and us.”

 

Harry hummed thoughtfully for a moment, “There is a way to do this Kingsley, I just need to work it out…the only way I will get near this guy is with the element of surprise. I need to distract him and to minimise the risk. I need to get those spectators out of here somehow.”

 

“But how?” Kingsley asked desperately.

 

Harry frowned, “I can’t use multiple portkeys, but what if I only need to make one portkey? Didn’t Hermione say you can make anything into a portkey, no matter how big or small?”

 

Kingsley looked confused, “That is correct.”

 

Harry grinned, “Then I have a plan. Stay here, Kingsley,” he said as he approached the stand carefully. He knew how to make something into a portkey, but this was slightly more complicated because he planned to turn the entire stand into a portkey. It took him a good while, but he worked it out, and when he was finished, he made his way back over to Kingsley.

 

“What have you done?” The Minister asked him.

 

“I’ve made the stand into a portkey,” Harry whispered, “In about 30 seconds, it’s going to activate, taking everyone out of here.”

 

“But that will activate the proximity charm!”

 

“Proximity charms,” Harry began as the portkey whirred into action, “Have a delay.”

 

Surely enough, the stand disappeared, and about 2 or 3 seconds later, there was an explosion in mid-air, where the proximity charm had been set up on the spectator’s area of the stand. After all, nobody was stupid enough to put a proximity charm around themselves.

 

The man orchestrating the attack looked so surprised to be suddenly standing in the middle of an empty field that he dropped his wand and loosened his grip on the Ministers daughter. Harry used a summoning charm to bring the girl over to him; then he pushed her into Kingsley’s arms so that she would be safe.

 

Before the enemy could grab his wand, Harry broke through his protective enchantments and stunned him, once he was on the ground Harry made sure that he was bound well so that he couldn’t escape then the scene paused once more.

 

Harry had to admit; he felt pretty proud of himself for that one as a click signified that he was free to move into the next room. He looked around and saw that a door had appeared in the middle of the pitch, but before he could go through it, he heard Auror Carter’s disembodied voice say, “All actions are supposed to have a consequence. However, in this case, you found a loophole which enabled you to save the entire stand of spectators, the Minister and his daughter. Congratulations, Mr Potter.”

 

Harry grinned, “Why thank you, Auror Carter,” he said as he stepped into the next room.

 

He had been on a high from his victory, so when he sauntered into the next room, he hadn’t expected a Dementor to come out of the blue towards him. He heard his mother scream inside his head, and as he shut his eyes to conjure his happy memory, he saw a flash of green. It never stopped, but he could control it now, he didn’t pass out anymore.

 

He pictured Daphne saying yes and grinning after he had proposed to her and it blew away the screams and the light. He opened his eyes, and calmly said, “Expecto Patronum.”

 

His stag Patronus sauntered out of his wand and casually bucked the Dementor into nothingness with all the careless attitude of Harry’s Father; it almost made him smile. He had hoped that this meant that he had passed the room, but he knew that it wasn’t going to be that easy. The fact there was a plaque in front of him confirmed that;

 

“If you did not manage to defeat the Dementor, you have failed this room. If you did defeat the Dementor, congratulations but you are not finished yet. There is a boggart in the wardrobe which you will have to face when you approach it. If you fail to overcome the boggart, then you will fail this room.”

 

Harry hated boggarts; he knew that he could defeat them, but he still hated them because the fact of the matter was, they always involved death for him. He sighed and walked towards the wardrobe, dreading what might come out of it.

 

The door opened, and all of a sudden, the floor of the room was scattered with bodies. The bodies weren’t just random people either; they were the bodies of every single person that he loved. Theo and Sadie were lying together as if they had been hugging. Neville lay over Lilly like he had died protecting her. Hermione and Draco were holding hands as Remus and Tonks had been. Then came the worst one, Daphne. Seeing Daphne lying cold and lifeless was bad enough, but she was holding Teddy.

 

Harry had to swallow the bile that rose in his throat. He shut his eyes tightly as for a moment he found himself back in the great hall after the final battle. He remembered the bodies lining the great hall, the bodies of people who he had cared about.

 

He felt his magic begin to get out of control. His body shook, and he could feel the ground beneath him, beginning to shake too. He took a deep breath as he heard Daphne’s voice in his head telling him that it wasn’t real, that she and Teddy were fine.

 

When he opened his eyes, there was a fire in them. He channelled the magic that had been flowing dangerously through his body and threw the boggart back into the wardrobe without saying the incantation. Rather than the doors just slamming shut, the boggart was thrust into the wardrobe, and the wardrobe then went up in flames. Within seconds, it was just a pile of sparkling ash.

 

Harry frowned, he hadn’t known that it was possible to kill a boggart, but that appeared to be what he had just done. A click pulled him out of his thoughts; he looked away from the pile of ash and realised that a door had appeared next to it.

 

He took another breath to calm himself down and get his thoughts in order. Then he stepped through the door into the next room. He knew the moment he walked in that this was going to be the torture part of the test, but he read the plaque in front of him all the same;

 

“When you cross the line, the door will lock, and you will be subjected to torture by the hand of a Death Eater. You are required to place your wand in the drawer provided, and in this drawer, there is a piece of information. The Death Eater will try and extract this information from you, but your task is to protect it at all costs. If you give up this piece of information, you will fail this room.”

 

Harry didn’t feel too nervous about this test which probably wasn’t surprising given how much torture he had gone through over the years. He opened the drawer, unrolled the scroll and read the piece of information;

 

“The Minister is in a safehouse in Shetland.”

 

Knowing this, Harry stepped over the red line, and a Death Eater materialised in front of him. It wasn’t a real Death Eater, just someone dressed in the robes to try and intimidate and scare him.

 

“Where is the Minister, Potter?”

 

“How should I know?” Harry retorted.

 

“Because,” the Death Eater said as he crushed one of Harry’s knee caps with ease, “We think,” he crushed the second knee cap, “You took him there.”

 

Harry hadn’t let out a noise of pain at all, despite the fact the two injuries had been agonising and had forced him to the floor.

 

“Even if I had,” Harry said through gritted teeth, “And I didn’t by the way, I wouldn’t tell you.”

 

“Cut the crap Potter,” The Death Eater said calmly, “I could break your bones all day.”

 

“I’ve had worse days,” Harry said, it was the truth.

 

“Is he somewhere remote?”

 

“I will tell you nothing,” Harry said firmly.

 

The Death Eater began to get angry at that. He snapped a bone in Harry’s leg, “Is he in Britain?”

 

Another bone was snapped, “Where is he, Potter?”

 

The Death Eater then crushed his shoulder bone which was the most painful injury so far, “If you don’t tell me where he is then I’m going to have to use the cruciatus curse on you.”

 

Harry glared up at the Death Eater but remained silent.

 

The man smirked viciously, “Crucio!”

 

Harry didn’t even cry out in pain as the curse wracked his body.

 

“Where is he?”

 

“Is he in Britain?”

 

The Death Eater amped up the pain level on the curse.

 

“Did you take him there?”

 

“Dammit Potter! Where is he?” The Death Eater roared as he amped up his curse to the full pain level.

 

Harry now felt like every muscle in his body was being torn apart, but his lips still remained tightly sealed shut.

 

The Death Eater ended the curse and holstered his wand, “Alright, I didn’t want to have to play it this way, but you leave me no choice. Tell me where he is, or I’ll hunt down your fiancé and torture her before your eyes until you tell me what I want to know.”

 

“They don’t call my fiancé the ice queen of Slytherin for nothing,” Harry said quietly, “She can look after herself. You would never find her, and if you did, she wouldn’t tell you anything.”

 

“Maybe not,” The Death Eater agreed, “But that kid of yours is pretty cute. You would hate to see anything bad happen to him, wouldn’t you? What’s the Minister for Magic’s location in return for little Teddy’s life?”

 

“Don’t you dare touch him,” Harry hissed, “You can do anything you want to me, but if you touch him or Daphne, I will kill you.”

 

“Not if I kill you first,” The Death Eater said calmly.

 

“If you kill me first, then someone else will kill you,” Harry growled, “You can trust me on that one.”

 

“Tell me where the Minister is, and your family are safe,” The Death Eater said calmly, “It’s that simple.”

 

Harry shook his head, “I will never tell you where he is, do you hear me? Never!”

 

Harry must have done enough because, at that point, the Death Eater vanished. The adrenaline rush began to wear off the moment he had done so, and when it did, Harry suddenly felt very weak and very sick.

 

He didn’t blackout, but the world around him became blurry. He was vaguely aware of someone dressed in white approaching him, but he could barely see anything, and his ears were ringing. He knew that he was on the verge of passing out as something was shoved down his throat. Whatever it was, it took a few minutes to work, but then his vision began to return to normal, and the pain slowly began to ebb away.

 

After a few minutes, Harry was able to glance over himself. He sighed with relief when he realised that all of his injuries had been healed; he got to his feet and looked around. He hadn’t heard a click, but he was hoping that a door had appeared.

 

Surely enough, there was a door straight ahead of him. Harry still felt a little shaken as he walked towards the door and headed through it. He wasn’t sure what would be waiting for him on the other side, so he was glad when it was just an interrogation room.

 

There was a table with two chairs, Auror Carter was occupying one of them. She smiled at him, “How are you feeling, Mr Potter?”

 

“Like I just got beaten within an inch of my life,” Harry said honestly, “Simulated or not, those injuries felt real.”

 

Carter nodded, “We design them that way. We need this experience to feel realistic.”

 

“I understand that,” Harry said honestly as he sat down opposite her, “Is this another test?”

 

“Yes,” Carter replied, “As part of our strict vetting procedure, we have to test you for any psychopathic traits you might exhibit.”

 

“Okay,” Harry said slowly.

 

“I need your oral consent to take veritaserum so that we can get accurate results,” Carter continued, “Is that alright?”

 

“That’s fine,” Harry said.

 

Carter smiled at him and handed him a phial with a small amount of veritaserum in it. Harry took the potion and then gave the phial back to the Auror.

 

“Thank you, Mr Potter,” Carter said, “Now, I am going to read some statements to you. I need you to tell me whether you disagree completely, disagree, neither agree nor disagree, agree or agree completely with each statement. Do you understand?”

 

“Yes, ma’am,” Harry said with a nod.

 

“Perfect, we will begin then,” Carter said, “The first statement is; I rarely follow the rules.”

 

“Agree completely.”

 

“I admit that I often 'mouth off' without thinking.”

 

“Agree completely.”

 

“I've often done something dangerous just for the thrill of it.”

 

“Neither agree nor disagree.”

 

“I enjoy high-speed flying.”

 

“Agree Completely.”

 

“I enjoy gambling for real money.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I enjoy doing wild things.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I like to have sex with people I barely know.”

 

“Disagree Completely.”

 

“I am an impulsive person.”

 

“Agree Completely.”

 

“I keep getting in trouble for the same things over and over.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I have used illegal spells such as the unforgivable curses.”

 

“Agree Completely.”

 

“I enjoy taking risks.”

 

“Neither agree nor disagree.”

 

“I get bored easily.”

 

“Agree.”

 

“I always miss appointments.”

 

“Disagree.”

 

“I never plan out my weekly activities.”

 

“Agree Completely.”

 

“I am a rebellious person.”

 

“Agree Completely.”

 

Carter frowned as she did some scribbling onto a piece of parchment. To Harry, it felt like it took forever for her to finally look up at him, “Well, Mr Potter, your average score was 3.8.”

 

“Is that bad?” Harry asked, “You’re saying that likes it’s a bad thing.”

 

“It’s a little close for comfort,” Carter said, “We get worried when someone scores higher than 4.”

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at her, “I’m that close to being a psychopath?”

 

“You’re that close to displaying some psychopathic traits, but it’s a pass all the same,” Carter said with a kind smile, “Would you care to head through the door behind me? It will take you to your final interview with two Senior Aurors.”

 

Harry nodded and got to his feet, “Of course, thank you, Auror Carter.”

 

Carter just nodded back in return as Harry opened the door and stepped into the final room. He was nervous about this because it was an interview, he had gotten better at public speaking thanks to Daphne, but he still preferred actions over words.

 

This final room was similar to the one he had just left. However, instead of Auror Carter sitting across from him, he had Senior Auror Sheppard and an older gentleman that he didn’t recognise.

 

“Mr Potter, congratulations on getting this far,” Sheppard said, “Please take a seat.”

 

Harry sat down, and Sheppard said, “You know who I am and this is my colleague, Senior Auror Landry. We need to talk to you about some difficult subjects today.”

 

Harry just nodded; he was sure his parents would pop up somewhere or that the war would be mentioned. Both of those were things that he didn’t like to talk about.

 

“Let’s start with our big issue,” Sheppard began, “You tend to disobey the rules time and time again. We know that Dumbledore let you get away with it in school, but you have to do what we say here. Do you think you can carry on acting this way and become an Auror?”

                                

Harry knew that he had to bite back his temper because it would only get him in trouble here, “I don’t break the rules because I’m a troublemaker. I break the rules because they are stupid, and sometimes they need breaking. Yes, students weren’t supposed to be out after curfew but had anyone else realised that my DADA Professor had Voldemort hanging out on the back of his head? No, they hadn’t. Was anybody else volunteering to fight the Basilisk that was getting ready to kill off muggle-borns? Nope just 12 year old me. Then there was the time someone nearly killed me by breaking the rules for me and entering me into the Triwizard Tournament,” Harry said as he ticked all of these things off on his hands, “So yes, I broke the rules when I was in school, but I did it to save lives.”

 

Landry smiled, “Good answer, son.”

 

“Next question,” Sheppard said as he shot Landry a stern look, “Why did you kill Voldemort?”

 

“Excuse me?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

“You didn’t have to kill him,” Sheppard pointed out, “You could have taken him down and handed him over. We could have put him in prison, just like Grindelwald.”

 

“I didn’t intend to kill him,” Harry said honestly, “I used Expelliarmus, not the killing curse. There was a link between our wands, something to do with them both having a phoenix feather from the same bird, and it was his killing curse that rebounded via that link and killed him.”

 

“So you don’t get a thrill out of killing then?”

 

“No,” Harry said irritably, “What kind of stupid question is that? I don’t get a bloody thrill out of it, but I don’t regret the fact that it happened either. I know for a fact that myself and plenty of other people wouldn’t feel safe with Voldemort locked up, him dying was the best thing for a lot of people.”

 

“And then there was the glory it brought you,” Sheppard added, “You do love the fame, don’t you? We all know that you have told lies in the past to get famous.”

 

Harry lost his temper at that, “If you want to question me, then that’s fair enough but don’t talk about all that bullshit! I was victimised as a teenager for telling the truth about Voldemort, the truth that nobody, including your corrupt department, wanted to know! That’s why I wanted to join the Aurors; I wanted to make sure that I helped to turn it around. I wanted to get rid of all the dirty Aurors who jumped over to the dark side at the first sign of danger, so you have some nerve saying I lied to get famous!”

 

“Alright son,” Landry said calmly, “Just settle down, we understand what you have been through, and we would be very grateful to have you join us.”

 

Harry sighed, Landry was the good cop and Sheppard, who Harry had initially liked, was being a bit of a dick.

 

“We have a few more questions to ask you before we finish up here, Mr Potter,” Sheppard said, “We need to talk to you about your Slytherin influences.”

 

“My Slytherin influences?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

“You hated Slytherins for years and then all of a sudden you befriend Draco Malfoy, did he have any blackmail on you?”

 

“For the love of Merlin,” Harry cursed, “This is ridiculous! No, he didn’t have any blackmail on me. We realised that our feud had been petty so when we returned to school we called a truce, and then we realised, embarrassingly enough, that we actually got on great.”

 

“What about your fiancé then?” Sheppard asked, “How do you go from hating Slytherins and dating the very wholesome Ginny Weasley, to dating the self-confessed ice queen of Slytherin?”

 

“Why is it any of your business how I ended up with Daphne?” Harry asked as he shook his head in disbelief at the two men.

 

“It’s our business if she forced you into it,” Sheppard said, “So was it a love potion or a compulsion charm? How did the bitch hoodwink you?”

 

Harry got to his feet angrily, so angrily that he flipped the table, “She is not a bitch, and she did not hoodwink me! I’m with her because I fell in love with her and I will stay with her because she is amazingly clever and beautiful. She’s only 19, and she’s already a wonderful mum to Teddy. She is an amazing woman, and frankly, I don’t see why the house she was in at school should come into consideration at all!”

 

“Calm down Mr Potter,” Sheppard said as he righted the table, “It was a question we had to ask.”

 

“No, it wasn’t,” Harry growled, “It was none of your business, and if your last question is about Teddy then you better think very carefully about how you word it.”

 

Sheppard and Landry shared a glance. Harry had called it right then. Their last question was about Teddy.

 

“We just worry that your attachment to your godson might affect your work,” Landry began, “As you say you are only 19 yet you care quite regularly for a very young child. This, combined with an intensive training program, is going to be a huge commitment. How are you going to manage that?”

 

Harry took a breath to calm himself, “I’m not an idiot, I know that it’s going to be hard. I’ll be training, and Daphne has just started her new job too, but I’m going to manage it because I have to. Teddy doesn’t have much, but he does have Daphne and me, and however we work it, we’re going to do the best for that little boy. Do you have kids, Aurors?”

 

Landry nodded, “A daughter and a grandson.”

 

Sheppard smiled slightly, “Two sons,” he admitted.

 

“Then you know exactly how it is,” Harry said quietly, “You can’t plan how you’re going to do something. I can’t tell you how I’m going to manage. I just know that somehow I will because I have to for Teddy.”

 

Sheppard nodded, “That’s a perfectly acceptable answer, Mr Potter. I apologise for what I said about your fiancé, please don’t take it personally, it’s just a line of questioning that I had to pursue.”

 

Harry shook his head, “I understand. I’m sorry for losing my temper and flipping the table.”

 

“You were perfectly within your rights to do so,” Landry said, “But Kingsley wasn’t kidding when he said you had a temper.”

 

Harry looked a little sheepish, “Yeah, he was right there,” he admitted.

 

Sheppard chuckled and shook Harry’s hand, “Congratulations on getting this far Mr Potter. Please come with me.”

 

Harry followed the Senior Auror to the door, and Sheppard said, “Try not to run to your friends the moment you see them, I do need to do your report with you first.”

 

Harry grinned sheepishly at that. The moment he stepped out into the waiting room, he looked for his three friends, and he smiled when he saw them all anxiously awaiting him. They cheered when they saw Harry and Sheppard chuckled under his breath as he opened the brown file which contained Harry’s report.

 

“I’ll make this as quick as possible so you can celebrate,” Sheppard said with an amused smile, “Test one was all about morality. You excelled in that; I don’t know why that surprised us given what we have heard about your hero complex. You weren’t supposed to find a loophole; nobody has ever managed that in that scenario before.”

 

“Is that good or bad?” Harry asked.

 

“Good,” Sheppard admitted, “But it was also a little risky. Did you know that proximity charms have a delay?”

 

“I do,” Harry said sincerely, “I would never have done what I did otherwise.”

 

Sheppard seemed convinced because he nodded and continued, “I couldn’t fault your defeat of the Dementor, and you managed something I have never seen a candidate do before. You killed a boggart.”

 

“I didn’t think boggarts could be killed,” Harry said with a frown.

 

“Oh, they can be,” Sheppard said, “But it takes an immense amount of magical power, and in addition to that, the power has to be controlled perfectly. It was an amazing thing to behold Mr Potter, the fact you did it without an incantation was just the cherry on top of the cake.”

 

Harry smiled slightly as he felt himself swell with pride.

 

“However, you do owe us a new boggart,” Sheppard added.

 

“Sorry,” Harry said sheepishly.

 

“As far as physical torture goes, you can withstand a lot of pain,” Sheppard said.

 

“I’m used to it,” Harry said quietly, “Physically at least, but not when they threaten my family.”

 

“All of us are loyal to our family Mr Potter,” Sheppard admitted, “I would have reacted exactly as you did if anyone threatened my wife or my two boys.”

 

That made Harry feel slightly better, but he knew that Daphne and Teddy were one of his weaknesses, he knew that they always would be.

 

“Your psychopathic traits test was a little close for comfort, but I think that’s just because of the fact you’re a thrill-seeker,” Sheppard continued, “And your final interview went well, even if you did throw a table at us.”

 

“Sorry,” Harry said sheepishly, “I just don’t like people talking badly of Daphne. Her and Teddy are my everything. I can’t believe anyone who knows her would have a bad word to say about her. Well, apart from Theo, but he’s an arse.”

 

Sheppard laughed at that, “I’m saying nothing,” he said as he shut the report, “But I am done if you want to go and celebrate now.”

 

Harry grinned and jumped to his feet, “Thank you, sir,” he said as he bounded over to his friends.

 

Neville walked to meet him and pulled him into a firm hug. Harry frowned, but hugged Neville back, “You okay, mate?” he murmured.

 

“Yeah, just glad to see you,” Neville murmured back. He drew back and looked Harry in the eye, “You featured heavily in my mental test, and it wasn’t very positive.”

 

Harry’s eyes widened, “Oh shit. Did I…?”

 

“Yeah,” Neville said with a sigh, “You died, and it was pretty traumatic.”

 

“Hence the hug,” Harry said with a chuckle.

 

“Yeah, sorry,” Neville said sheepishly.

 

“It’s alright,” Harry said, patting Neville on the back, “I get it.”

 

“Once you two have finished having your moment,” Theo said with a grin, “We should be celebrating. We did it!”

 

“Oi,” Neville joked, “You can not talk to us about having a moment.”

 

Harry snorted, “He makes a fair point, you two have moments all the time.”

 

“Yes, but that’s just part of daily life, you should be used to it by now,” Theo said with a wave of his hand, “You two don’t do moments.”

 

“Yes we do, they are just more profound than yours,” Harry said with an amused grin, “Usually when someone’s life is in danger.”

 

“Like when he stood up to Voldemort like an idiot because he thought you were dead?” Draco snorted.

 

“Hey,” Harry chuckled, “You don’t get to slag Neville off. You threw me my wand; we had a moment. Just like our moment in Malfoy Manor when you looked me in the eye, and I knew that you recognised me.”

 

“Well, if you want to play it like that,” Theo snorted, “We have moments too, don’t we Nev?”

 

Neville sniggered, “What is this, best friend envy?”

 

Harry laughed, “Come on, all four of us are best friends. But when push comes to shove, I’ll always pick Nev, and you’ll always pick Theo.”

 

Draco nodded his agreement, “But we all got through.”

 

“And you know what that means?” Theo grinned.

 

“Oh no, not another group hug,” Draco groaned, but it was too late, Theo grabbed him from one side, and Harry grabbed him from another.

 

When they finally released Draco, he looked very disgruntled, much to the amusement of the others.

 

“What happens next?” Harry said, he still felt like he was flying up on cloud number nine.

 

“Once everyone has been tested, they pair us up and give us a mock case,” Theo replied.

 

“So we haven’t quite passed yet,” Harry said.

 

“We’ve done the hard part now though,” Neville pointed out, “Nothing can be worse than what they just put us through.”

 

“True,” Harry agreed as he glanced around the room to see if anyone else from their heat had made it.

 

“It’s just you and me so far,” Theo said as he realised what Harry was doing, “But I finished half an hour before you, we were freaking out. We thought you had failed.”

 

“I had a long morality test,” Harry said as he turned back to his friends, “I had to save a whole bunch of people, including the Minister and his daughter. I found a loophole, but it took me ages.”

 

“Just another day in the life of Harry Potter,” Neville joked.

 

Harry chuckled at that but glanced back around to the doors when he heard one open. A girl emerged, and Harry frowned, “Which one is she again?”

 

“Emily Wilde, Gryffindor from Gin’s year at school,” Neville said offhandedly.

 

“There are only two people in the last heat,” Harry said to his friends, “And one of them is Blanche, I hope she gets in, I kind of like her.”

 

“She’s got a surprising amount of personality, considering the fact she’s related to Blaise,” Theo joked.

 

It made the others laugh; the air was far less tense now that they all knew they had made it this far. The four of them moved the armchairs to get comfortable and spent the next little while comparing notes. None of them talked about how much their boggarts forms had scared them or about all the weaknesses their final interviews had brought up. After all, those were subjects to be discussed in the small hours of the night with the women they trusted above everyone else.

 

No one else from Theo and Harry’s heat got through, but eventually, the last heat finished. Both Blanche and Ophelia Wood made it through which brought the total amount of candidates left down to 10.

 

“Alright, boys and girls!” Sumner boomed as he walked into the waiting room with Sheppard by his side, “Get your arses down to the canteen for lunch. I’ll be back to collect you in just under an hour then you will be doing your final test. Fuel up, you're going to need your brains for this next one.”

 

As the group began to follow Sumner to the canteen, Theo suddenly said, “Harry, what did Sheppard mean when he said you owe him a boggart?”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


“I am so glad that’s over,” Blanche Zabini said as she fell into a chair at the table Harry, Draco, Neville and Theo were sharing.

 

“Me too,” Ophelia Wood agreed as she took the last remaining seat, “Mental and physical torture is not my idea of a fun morning.”

 

“Just another day at the office for some of us,” Neville said as he shot Harry an amused look.

 

“So you enjoy torture then Nev?” Harry joked, “I’ll have to ask Lil if you’re into that.”

 

Neville snorted in response, and Theo sniggered, “Funny you should say that. My brother-in-law crashed my test and asked if I had a pain fetish.”

 

The others all laughed, “What did you say?” Ophelia asked.

 

“That if he wanted to know he would have to ask his sister,” Theo said with an amused grin.

 

Draco whistled, “Sorenson Cauldwell is not a guy you want to be on the wrong side of. Have you seen the size of him? He would crush you like a bean.”

 

“Thanks for the confidence,” Theo said as he clapped Draco on the back, “Great best mate you are.”

 

Harry shook his head at the pair of them, “Do you think this last test is going to be hard?”

 

“Compared to everything else, I doubt it,” Blanche replied, “It’s just a mock case.”

 

“What do you reckon they’ll do?” Neville asked, “Give us a case file and ask us to find out who did it?”

 

“Probably,” Harry replied, “But you say that like they will all be murders. I imagine they will variate. If we do become Aurors, we won’t just be going after murderers. We’ll be looking at kidnappers and all sorts of major crimes.”

 

“To begin with,” Draco cut in, “For two years after we graduate we will be doing all sorts of stuff, but then we get to specialise.”

 

“How do you know that?” Theo asked in surprise.

 

Draco shrugged, “Aunt Dromeda gave me some of cousin Dora’s old Auror training books, so I read them.”

 

“Did anyone else read a book to prepare themselves for today?” Harry asked with a grin, “Or was that just Hermione Granger’s fiancé?”

 

Neville laughed loudly, “You two are perfect for each other.”

 

“The Slytherin prince and his Gryffindor princess,” Theo said as he made a face, “It makes me want to puke.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes and threw a crust of bread at Theo, “Shut up you prat.”

 

Everyone laughed, and the air felt so much more comfortable. Deep down, they all knew that the hardest part was behind them now, and most of them were looking forward to their mock case file. The rest of lunch passed quickly, and before they knew it, Sumner had come to get them.

 

The ten candidates followed him through the maze that was the Auror training complex until they reached the same waiting room they had emerged into after their mental tests. It had been transformed though, the room was split into five sections, and each part was separated by screens. In each section there were two chairs, a table kitted out with parchment and quills, and a blackboard with lots of different colours of chalk.

 

“Alright guys, listen up!” Sheppard said as he slipped into the room, “We are going to pair you up and give you all a mock case file. To keep things easy and so we can assess you all fairly, you will all be given a murder case. You are going to have an hour to sift through the evidence and find out who the killer is. We want to know who, why, where and when. Once you think you know all of the answers, make sure you are ready to present to me as well as to the rest of the candidates. Is that clear?”

 

“Yes sir,” Everyone replied in unison.

 

“Great, so pair number one is Harper and Wilde,” Sheppard began, “Come over here and get your case file.”

 

Maxwell, the Slytherin who had been in the year below them, and Emily, a Gryffindor who had also been in the year below them, walked over to Sheppard.

 

He handed them a brown folder, “I want you to solve the murder of Sophia Johnson, a Ministry worker from London. Take the cubicle at the back there and don’t start until I say so.”

 

“Yes sir,” They said before heading over to their cubicle.

 

“Pair two is Carmichael and Kavanagh,” Sheppard continued.

 

Eddie, the Ravenclaw who had been a few years above them, and Lesley, the Hufflepuff who had been in Cho’s year, walked up to Sheppard to receive their case file.

 

“I want you two to solve the murder of Brynn Briarson, a dragon tamer from Wales. Take the cubicle next to Harper and Wilde.”

 

“Yes, sir,” They said. Then they headed over to their cubicle.

 

“Pair three is going to be Wood and Zabini,” Sheppard said as he glanced up from his parchment. He rolled his eyes, “Yes boys, that means the golden foursome will be staying together in some form. Don’t get too excited now.”

 

Harry, Draco, Neville and Theo couldn’t help but chuckle at that as Blanche and Ophelia walked over to Sheppard. He handed them a case file and said, “I want you to solve the murder of Rebecca Frume, muggle wife of a famous alchemist, from Wiltshire. Have the middle cubicle.”

 

“Yes sir,” Blanche and Ophelia said before heading over to the cubicle in question.

 

“Pair number four,” Sheppard said as he looked towards the four over-excited boys, “Longbottom and Nott.”

 

Neville and Theo shared an amused look. They weren’t sure how well they would work together, but they got on as friends, so that was a good start.

 

Harry shot Draco a grin because he realised that this meant he was going to be paired up with the Slytherin.

 

Theo and Neville walked up to get their task and Sheppard handed them a case file, “I want you guys to solve the murder of Damien Chambers, notorious thief and scumbag from East London. Take the front left cubicle.”

 

“Yes sir,” They said in unison. They shot Harry and Draco one last grin before stepping into the cubicle.

 

“Which leaves former schoolboy enemies, Black and Potter,” Sheppard said as he beckoned them forward, “I want you two to solve the murder of Howard Jackson,” he handed them a case file, “Auror from Arbroath up in Scotland. Take the front left cubicle.”

 

“Yes sir,” They echoed as they slipped into the final cubicle.

 

“Alright you have an hour to solve these cases, your time starts…now!”

 

 

“So,” Neville said as he flipped open the case file and slid Theo a picture, “This is Damien Chambers. He has a long list of priors from petty theft right up to assault on an Auror.”

 

“Nice guy,” Theo said sarcastically, “Why do we care that he died, exactly?”

 

“Because even if you murder a bad person, it’s still murder,” Neville pointed out, “He was 28 years old, born in East London, his parents died when he was young.”

 

“Raised in a life of crime,” Theo said with a nod, “It’s a common story. How did he die?”

 

“He was found underneath a railway bridge near the Tower of London,” Neville replied, “Without his head.”

 

“What?”

 

“He was beheaded,” Neville said as he looked up at his friend, “They found his head a few metres away.”

 

Theo made a face, “That’s disgusting. Did they manage to work out if his head was severed magically or manually?”

 

Neville glanced over the report, “Medical examiners report states that the rough pattern suggests an object like a machete. Definitely not magical, the wound wasn’t clean cut enough.”

 

“So a muggle might have done this,” Theo said.

 

“Could well have done,” Neville agreed, “The report also says he died without any toxins in his system so he wasn’t on drugs and he hadn’t been drinking.”

 

“Anything else of note in there?”

 

“Just that they found tiny shards of glass in his feet and lower legs,” Neville replied.

 

Theo frowned, “Right, when did they find the body?”

 

“Dogwalker found him at 6.30 am,” Neville replied, “So what are we thinking? Work out the why first?”

 

“We can’t work out the why until we know the who,” Theo said slowly, “We can’t work out what the motive is until we have a suspect.”

 

“But if we trace his movements then we could work out why he was killed based on what he was doing the night before his death,” Neville pointed out.

 

“There are too many variables,” Theo said with a wave of his hand, “Trust me, my way is better. Do we have a list of suspects in there?”

 

“Look yourself,” Neville said somewhat irritably as he slid the file over to Theo.

 

Theo ignored Neville’s remark and thumbed through the file, “Alright, so we have a spurned drug addict lover plus a whole bunch of loan sharks that wanted him dead.”

 

“Why would a loan shark kill a thief?” Neville cut in, “You can’t squeeze money out of a dead man. If they let him live until his next heist then they would get their money.”

 

“Fine, what about the spurned lover?” Theo asked, “Maybe he was moving on, and she was jealous.”

 

“And you said that my way had too many variables?” Neville retorted as he grabbed the timeline of the victim's movements from the file, “Let’s try it, shall we? The victim was found at 6.30 am by a dog walker. Before that he was last seen at 3.05 am by a taxi driver, he was dressed in black and was glancing around like he was paranoid.”

 

“All that proves is that he was going to rob somewhere,” Theo pointed out, “It’s hardly evidence of anything. Is it?”

 

“Maybe not on its own but he was last seen very near the Tower of London, and his body was found near there too,” Neville pointed out.

 

“So?”

 

“This guy was a thief of all sorts, but it seems like his speciality was being a jewel thief. He used magic to penetrate muggle buildings, what nice jewels do they keep in the Tower of London, idiot?”

 

Theo frowned, “The crown jewels…holy shit, do you think he was trying to steal the crown jewels?”

 

“Even if he was, it doesn’t explain his death,” Neville admitted, “If the authorities had caught him they wouldn’t have beheaded him, they would have arrested him.”

 

“So what is the link between the crown jewels and his death…” Theo mused, “Could the shards of glass be from where he broke into the building?”

 

“Yes,” Neville said slowly, “Which implies that he got in, but something happened before he could get the jewels.”

 

“Somebody stopped him,” Theo realised.

 

“But who,” Neville mused, “I think we can rule out the suspects on that list of yours. This wasn’t someone that the victim knew.”

 

Theo thumbed through the case file for any further information, “I think you might be on the right lines, there is a list of the security staff who were working at the Tower that night and…there is the background report for all of them too.”

 

“Any of them flag up anything out of the ordinary?”

 

Theo shook his head as he flicked through them, “No, most of them have clean records but…”

 

“But what?” Neville asked as he looked over Theo’s shoulder.

 

“One of the guys they questioned doesn’t seem to exist,” Theo said with a frown, “There is no birth certificate on record for him or a national insurance number.”

 

“So he has a false identity,” Neville realised, “What kind of people have false identities.”

 

“Apart from Hit Wizards, you mean?” Theo said.

 

Neville frowned, “And government workers.”

 

“What?”

 

“The Muggle government,” Neville said quickly, “Haven’t you heard of MI5 and MI6?”

 

Theo shook his head, “What are they?”

 

“The Muggle equivalent of Hit Wizards and Unspeakables, all mixed into one,” Neville said quickly, “If an undercover MI5 worker killed Chambers then he wouldn’t exist because they take careful procedures to cover up their identities when they employ them.”

 

“Why would a government worker want to kill a thief, though?” Theo frowned, “Isn’t that still a pretty brutal way to punish a thief?”

 

“It’s not about the fact he’s a thief,” Neville said, “It can’t be…not for the government to be involved. It has to be something bigger than that.”

 

“Something bigger than stealing the crown jewels?” Theo snorted.

 

“Hey, it wouldn’t be the first time that-”

 

“What?” Theo asked. Neville had stopped mid-sentence.

 

“Theo, that might just be it!” Neville said excitedly, “It wouldn’t be the first time that someone had tried to steal the crown jewels.”

 

Theo frowned, “I’m not following Nev.”

 

“What if,” Neville began as he grabbed a piece of chalk, “The crown jewels were stolen before, and the government failed to retrieve them. What if Chambers went to steal the jewels and came across a huge conspiracy?”

 

Theo’s jaw dropped, “He would realise straight away that they were a fake because he was a jewel thief.”

 

“Exactly,” Neville said, “So the undercover government worker could have killed him to cover it up.”

 

“Holy shit…that’s twisted,” Theo said, “But also kind of exciting. Here’s the only thing I don’t get though, why the beheading? Maybe it was to frame someone else, what does that old saying go like? There is no honour amongst thieves.”

 

“Thieves don’t behead each other though,” Neville pointed out, “Beheading is generally a punishment reserved for traitors. That’s kind of what makes it appropriate actually.”

 

“I think we might have worked this out,” Theo said with a grin as he also grabbed a stick of chalk, “Nice work Nev!”

 

Neville chuckled as he hi-fived Theo, “Let’s get this down while it’s fresh.”

 

 

“Do you want to read or listen?” Harry asked Draco as he flipped open the case file.

 

“Read,” Draco replied as he reached for the file.

 

“I wanted to read,” Harry objected.

 

“Why did you bother asking then Pothead?” Draco retorted.

 

“It was a rhetorical question.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “Just make a copy of the case file and give it to me.”

 

“Deal,” Harry said. He copied the case file and handed it over to Draco; he already had a feeling that this wasn’t going to go down very well. He and Draco were friends, but they both liked to be in charge, so he had a feeling that they were going to clash with this task.

 

“Okay so our victim is Howard Jackson, 31 years old, been an Auror for just over ten years,” Draco said as he scribbled this information onto the chalkboard.

 

“His body was found at an Auror base on Salisbury Plain,” Harry continued, “Do you know what they use it for?”

 

“It’s an abandoned village,” Draco replied, “They use it for training purposes, but it’s not just any kind of training.”

 

“Oh, are we talking special ops?” Harry asked.

 

Draco frowned, “What’s that?”

 

“Muggle army,” Harry replied, “Special operations, they do the jobs that require extra care.”

 

“Yes well for us that is known as Elite Squad, and yes, that’s what they do at Salisbury plain,” Draco said, “Our guy was training a new bunch when he was killed.”

 

“They found his body in an alley behind what was once the village pub,” Harry explained, “Do you think he was trying to apparate away?”

 

“Possibly but I expect the base will have anti-apparation wards up,” Draco said.

 

“If he was injured then he would have been panicking,” Harry pointed out, “So he might have tried to apparate anyway.”

 

“I don’t think he had time to panic, he was bludgeoned to death,” Draco said with a raised eyebrow.

 

“That’s a very physical way to kill someone for a witch or wizard. I’m assuming you have to be magical to get into that base?” Harry asked.

 

Draco nodded, “There are anti-muggle wards up.”

 

“They might have physically killed him to avoid being traced,” Harry mused, “All Aurors have to register their wand signature so that if they accidentally kill a civilian in combat, it can be traced back to the Auror who did it.”

 

“You think that means an Auror did this?” Draco asked.

 

“Well it makes sense, doesn’t it?” Harry asked, “Why else would you bludgeon someone to death when you could use a killing curse?”

 

“True,” Draco mused, “Are you glancing over the Medical Examiners report?”

 

“Uh-huh,” Harry hummed, “Not that it gives us a lot to work with. The ME reckoned that the attacker was male because of the strength required to inflict these injuries. She also reckoned that he was about 6 foot tall.”

 

“No physical evidence on the body and no sign of the murder weapon,” Draco added, “If he had any sense he would have destroyed it immediately.”

 

“And an Auror would know how to kill someone without leaving any physical evidence,” Harry added, “It all points towards the fact he was killed by another Auror.”

 

“Even if that is true, and it is a wild assumption by the way, then what is our motive?” Draco countered, “Why would an Auror kill one of his own? They live by a strict code of honour.”

 

“I know,” Harry said, “But people can break codes.”

 

“Speaking of codes…” Draco said as he pulled a piece of parchment from the case file, “The ME found a coded message in his pocket.”

 

Harry frowned, “Do you have any idea what kind of code that is?”

 

“It’s nothing I’ve ever seen before but cracking it might be the key to solving this case,” Draco said.

 

“You took Ancient Runes, didn’t you?” Harry asked.

 

Draco nodded, “What does that have to do with a coded message?”

 

“Runes, codes, same thing,” Harry said with a wave of his hand, “The point is, you know more than I do. Why don’t you work on cracking that code while I look through the list of suspects and the timeline of our victim's last movements.”

 

“Alright,” Draco said, he sat down with a quill and a piece of parchment and began to work out different variants of codes that he had encountered to see if any of them looked similar.

 

Harry sifted through the list of suspects and managed to narrow it down to two people. He knew from the ME’s report that it couldn’t have been a woman which left Jackson’s estranged brother who was a criminal and his best friend, an Auror who a witness had seen him fight with on the morning that he had been killed.

 

Once he had done this, he glanced over the timeline of events and noticed a recurring theme regarding this best friend Auror.

 

“Draco, I think I’ve got something,” Harry said.

 

Draco looked up, “Yeah?”

 

“Yeah, our victim’s best friend was an Auror. They were partners actually, his name was Daniel Cove,” Harry said, “According to this timeline he might well have been the last person to see Jackson alive. On top of that, a witness saw them arguing about 2 hours before Jackson’s body was found.”

 

“Alright so he had the opportunity,” Draco conceded, “But what about motive? Did that witness happen to say what the argument was about?”

 

“She only heard snippets,” Harry replied, “But she got the impression that it was about Cove’s wife and she said it was very heated.”

 

“What did Cove say when he was questioned?”

 

“He said that he and Jackson did argue,” Harry said as he looked down at the witness statement, “Apparently Jackson had blown off Cove and his wife for a joint dinner date, and it wasn’t the first time it had happened.”

 

“That doesn’t seem like the kind of thing that would cause a heated argument between two close friends,” Draco frowned.

 

Harry nodded, “That’s what I was thinking. Cove was lying about the reason that they argued.”

 

“Did Cove’s wife give a statement to confirm his alibi for the murder?” Draco asked.

 

“Yeah, she said that around the time that Jackson was murdered, Cove floo-ed her to check how she was getting on,” Harry replied, “Because she was…pregnant.”

 

Draco’s frown deepened, “Pregnant.”

 

“Yeah, Draco are you thinking what I’m thinking?”

 

“I think that if Cove’s wife was pregnant with another man’s baby, Cove would want that other man dead, Auror partner or not,” Draco said.

 

Harry nodded excitedly, “Catch this, one of the Aurors who found Jackson’s body called him a notorious charmer so charming his best friends wife wouldn’t be difficult.”

 

“It’s definitely a motive,” Draco agreed, “Auror partner or not, I would kill you if you slept with my fiancé.”

 

“Again, you mean,” Harry joked.

 

“Yeah well, same to you,” Draco said with a vaguely amused smile, “I was just starting to get somewhere with that code by the way. It is a mixture of runes and muggle military code. I had worked out that there was a time and a place on there.”

 

“What if Jackson was planning to meet Cove’s wife?” Harry asked, “What if she was going to leave Cove for his best friend?”

 

Draco whistled, “That couldn’t have been easy for the guy to hear. The time was noon, and the place was somewhere in Salisbury town.”

 

“Jackson was killed at around 11.30 am,” Harry said slowly, “If we’re right then he was killed before he could meet up with Cove’s wife.”

 

“Which definitely gives Cove the best motive for murder,” Draco realised, “And a sketchy alibi. He could have killed Jackson right before or after he floo-ed his wife.”

 

“Not to mention that his wife could be covering for him,” Harry added, “Surely she would have suspected that it was him who killed Jackson. If she was scared of him, then she would lie to support his alibi.”

 

“I think we have him,” Draco said as he threw Harry a piece of chalk, “Let’s get this down, so we’re ready to present it.”

 

 

“Alright guys, that is time!” Sheppard called when his stopwatch hit the hour mark, “I want everyone up front with me right now!”

 

Nobody was stupid enough to disobey the Senior Auror. Everyone made their way up to the front of the room; some people looked more nervous than others about presenting their case.

 

“We are going to go around the cubicles, and each pair will present their findings,” Sheppard explained, “Let’s start with the first pair, Harper and Wilde, you two are up.”

 

They didn’t look particularly nervous as they led the group to their cubicle. Everyone gathered around the blackboard as Maxwell stood on one side of it, and Emily stood on the other side.

 

Maxwell looked fairly confident as he started them off, “Alright so we were tasked with finding out who murdered Sophia Johnson, a goodwill Ministry worker who was trying to help children and families who were orphaned or split apart by the war.”

 

Emily looked a little more nervous as she took over. Although she and Maxwell were the same age, she looked far younger. She was relatively petite and cutesy looking with a blonde bob and a pretty face. Harry knew it was wrong, but he judged her by her looks when he first saw her and had thought she would never get this far.

 

“She was found on the site of a new orphanage that she was overseeing the building of,” Emily began, she wrung her hands together. Still, her voice didn’t shake, “Her body was found inside a concrete block which made it hard for the Medical Examiner to find any physical evidence linking her to her killer. The ME did discover that she had been reaching for something before she died; we assumed that it was probably her wand.”

 

“The ME also established that she had died from a blow to the head,” Maxwell said, “With a very heavy object. It made it look unlikely that a woman had done it, but we couldn’t find a male suspect who fitted the bill at all. Then Emily had an idea.”

 

“I wondered whether the victim could have gotten the blow from falling hard onto something rather than being struck,” Emily explained, “And the more we looked into it, the more the evidence seemed to build up. It looked like someone had pushed her, she had hit her head and died then they had put her into the block of setting cement to cover it up.”

 

“It meant that our killer could be a woman, so we started to look into one of her co-workers,” Maxwell said, “A woman by the name of Rosa Smith who was working on the project with our victim. We discovered that they had been good friends up until a week or so before our victim's death, so we had to try and work out why they had started arguing.”

 

“We had a look at the Gringotts account for the orphanage project and noticed that there were a few inconsistencies,” Emily added, “Money was coming from the Ministry fund allocated for the project, but money was also coming in from our victims own account. With a little extra research, we worked out that our victim was embezzling money illegally from the Ministry for the project.”

 

“Once we had worked that out, we realised that this co-worker had argued with our vic, accidentally killed her and then thrown her into the cement to cover it up,” Max finished.

 

Sheppard looked vaguely impressed, “Pretty good, don’t you think Sumner?”

 

They all frowned, they hadn’t seen Sumner since he had led them into the room.

 

“Not bad,” Sumner’s voice said from above.

 

Everyone looked up and saw Sumner sitting on a balcony above the room; he was smirking.

 

Sheppard looked around at the stunned faces, “That’s right, Sumner watched your every move from up there. We aren’t just interested in your findings; we’re interested in how you came to these conclusions. As for your case presentation Harper and Wilde, it’s not bad. You have the correct killer, and you also have the correct cause of death, almost. You did overlook the fact the victim was reaching for something, though, it wasn’t her wand.”

 

“What was it, sir?” Maxwell asked.

 

“It was her colleague’s hand,” Sheppard replied, “You were right to say that this was an accident. She didn’t mean to kill her colleague and friend, she pushed the victim, and she hit her head on the concrete mixer. This left the victim disorientated, so she fell back towards the setting concrete. Her colleague reached out to save her.”

 

“Damn,” Max said, “We were close.”

 

“Very close,” Sheppard agreed, “And either way, you would have had your killer arrested, which is the main thing. How did they work together, Sumner?”

 

Sumner had a sonorus charm on his voice because he spoke in a normal tone when he replied, “They worked well together. Wilde was happy to let Harper take the lead, but she came up with as many great ideas as Harper did. I could see a good cop, bad cop thing working very well there. Harper was methodical and logical, Wilde was more emotional, but because of that, she could put herself in the victim's shoes which helped her come to different conclusions.”

 

Sheppard looked impressed as he looked over at the pair, “Good job Harper and Wilde.”

 

They both looked fairly pleased with themselves as Sheppard turned to the next pair, “Alright, Carmichael and Kavanagh, take us to your cubicle.”

 

The next pair did so. Eddie had no problems with confidence, he happily took point at the front of the blackboard and puffed his chest out. Harry had to bite back an amused smile as he noticed Draco shaking his head in disbelief, he had made it clear that he didn’t like the guy. Lesley Kavanagh was a lot quieter, she had mid-length brown hair and looked like quite a withdrawn tomboy.

 

“So we were tasked with finding out who killed Brynn Briarson, who was a dragon trainer from Cardiff. He worked at the only remaining dragon reserve in Britain which is in Snowdonia National Park,” Eddie began, “He was found in his cabin on the grounds of the dragon reserve. He had been strangled to death, at first we thought it was some kind of spell, but then we read that the ME had found small shards of metal in the wound, so we figured he had been killed manually with some sort of wire.”

 

“Only magical personnel would be able to get into the reserve,” Lesley said quietly, “So we knew it had to be a witch or wizard, and we knew it had to be one of the members of staff.”

 

“There weren’t many staff there, so that narrowed it done,” Eddie added, “It looked like a crime of passion, and there was only one female worker at the reserve. Briarson didn’t have a wife or girlfriend, so we figured that he was sleeping with his co-worker and she killed him in a fit of rage, but we had to work out the how.”

 

“In the witness report, we found out that Briarson had argued with the woman the day before over the welfare of a dragon,” Lesley said, “Many dragon trainers view the dragons they raise like children. If Briarson had intended to report her bad treatment of the dragon, then she probably would have lost her job and the dragons she loved.”

 

“So she killed him,” Eddie finished.

 

Sheppard looked between them in disbelief, “That’s your conclusions?”

 

Eddie nodded, “How close are we?”

 

“About as close as Antarctica is to experiencing a heatwave,” Sumner said from above.

 

Draco and Theo both sniggered behind their hands which made Harry and Neville exchange amused looks.

 

Sheppard flipped open his copy of the case file, “Alright, let’s start with the how. The victim was strangled; you got that much right. However, just because there were shards of metal does not mean he was killed without magic. His killer used a magical whip charm to suffocate him. As for the whole spurned lover killing him in a passion, it is plausible I suppose but not with a female lover. If you had bothered to read the page on background information on Briarson, then you would have known that he was gay.”

 

Harry couldn’t help but snigger at that piece of information, Neville nudged him in the ribs for it.

 

“You were almost onto something when you said that she killed him because of the fact he was going to report her and therefore cause her to lose her job,” Sheppard admitted, “Briarson was killed because he was planning to expose the mistreatment of dragons at the reserve by some of the trainers. This would have caused the reserve to close, but there was someone who would have lost out more than anyone else if that had happened.”

 

Eddie hit himself in the head, “The Head Keeper!”

 

“Too little too late Mr Carmichael,” Sheppard said, “But yes, he was killed by the head keeper. Was there a reason you didn’t mention the odd message the victim received via floo before he died?”

 

Eddie frowned, “What odd message?”

 

“So you didn’t read the witness reports fully either then,” Sheppard realised with a shake of his head, “One of the workers on the reserve heard snippets of a floo conversation the victim had. It was encrypted, so they had no idea who he was talking with, but he said that he was going to meet with the person on the floo that evening with the information he had gathered. This floo conversation happened within hearing distance of the Head Keepers office.”

 

“Shit,” Eddie muttered.

 

“Yeah, shit is the right word,” Sheppard said as he looked up at Sumner, “How did they work together, Sumner?”

 

“They didn’t,” Sumner replied, “Miss. Kavanagh barely said a word, Mr Carmichael completely took over and didn’t let her get a word in edgewise. I think we can put the blame on both sides there, Mr Carmichael should not have been so overbearing but Miss. Kavanagh should also have worked harder to be heard.”

 

Sheppard nodded and looked back at the pair, “Stay here. Once the other pairs have finished presenting their cases, you will be escorted from the premises. Unfortunately, your journey towards becoming an Auror ends here.”

 

Harry was sure that he heard Draco sigh with relief upon hearing that news.

 

“Wood and Zabini, I sure hope you can do better than that,” Sheppard said as he indicated that they should lead the group to their cubicle.

 

“So do I,” Blanche joked as she stood on one side of the blackboard, “Do you want to kick things off for us Fee?”

 

Ophelia, who was tall and very pretty with long brown locks and deep brown eyes, smiled, “Sure. We were asked to find out who killed Rebecca Frume. She was a muggle and the wife of renowned British alchemist, David Frume. They lived in Wiltshire together, and Mrs Frume worked as a dog beautician.”

 

“We had no idea what that was,” Blanche cut in, “But we figured it had something to do with cutting dogs hair and making them look nice. At first, we thought it was irrelevant, but then we found out that Frume’s body had been found stuffed into one of the kennels where she kept the dogs she worked with, in the backyard of their home.”

 

“Her body was found by Mr Frume,” Ophelia said, “So we immediately suspected him, as typical as it is to suspect the husband when a woman dies. We looked into the ME’s report and discovered that she had several bruises on her body, which seemed to be from around the time of death but that they hadn’t killed her. The cause of death was that she had been suffocated by a python which made no sense to us at first because pythons aren’t exactly native to rural Wiltshire. Once we read the witness statements, though, we realised that Mr Frume keeps a weird and wonderful menagerie in his backyard for experimentation purposes.”

 

“Which just made us hate the sick bastard even more,” Blanche admitted, “So we talked about the likelihood of one of these animals escaping and came to the conclusion that even if it did escape, it couldn’t stuff a woman into a kennel, regardless of any weird experiments our crazy alchemist did on it.”

 

Harry chuckled under his breath; he was really beginning to like Blanche and Ophelia; they were down to earth.

 

“And Mrs Frume couldn’t stuff herself in that kennel either,” Ophelia added, “So all of the evidence was pointing at Mr Frume, he owned the murder weapon, and he had the opportunity to kill Mrs Frume because he was working in his underground lab in the basement of the house at the time of the murder.”

 

“The only thing we were missing was a motive,” Blanche continued, “Then Fee noticed something strange about her clothes from the autopsy photograph, so we had a second look at the ME’s report. When the victim came in, she had been dressed in crumpled clothes which could easily be explained by the fact she was shoved into a dog kennel.”

 

“But the weird thing was that she had her top on back to front, her bra wasn’t fastened right, and the zip on her jeans was undone,” Ophelia said, “Blanche joked about it by saying she had either gotten dressed in the dark or she had been dressed by a guy. That gave me an idea; most men don’t have the slightest clue about how a woman wears her clothes, so I started to wonder if the victim had been naked when she died and had been dressed afterwards.”

 

“If the victim had been naked then it implied that she had been having sex before she died,” Blanche said, “So a look at the foreign bodies report that the ME filed told us that she had no drugs in her body, but she did have a small amount of alcohol in her system. It also told us that traces of sperm had been found, implying that she had sex before being killed.”

 

“With this in mind we concluded that Mrs Frume had been having an affair,” Ophelia finished, “When her husband walked in on her and her lover, he beat his wife first which explains the bruises and probably rendered her unconscious. Then he set his python on his wife to kill her. We can only assume that her lover got away; we think he was hiding and refusing to come forward as a witness because he was scared of Mr Frume. Either way, once Mr Frume had killed his wife, he dressed her and shoved her in the kennels, perhaps to make it look like an angry customer had killed her instead.”

 

Sheppard nodded, “I’m impressed. You were correct about the cause of death and the motive. Mr Frume did walk in on his wife having sex with her lover, and he did beat her to within an inch of her life before setting his snake on her. You used the forensic evidence available to you very well so good work on that. You did only miss one detail, but it was a bonus anyway. The lover didn’t manage to get away, Frume killed him too, but there was no body to find. Any guesses why?”

 

Blanche made a face, “Please tell me he didn’t cut the guy up and feed him to the python.”

 

Sheppard smirked, “That’s exactly what he did.”

 

“Sweet Salazar, I hate this guy,” Blanche muttered under her breath.

 

“So do we, that’s why he’s rotting in Azkaban,” Sheppard said with a vaguely amused smile, “How did they do, Sumner?”

 

“Very well,” Sumner replied, “They worked well together. Neither of them fought for the lead of the case, they just split up and tackled different aspects to get through the evidence faster. They read everything thoroughly; Wood was the logical one who came up with most of the conclusions based on forensic evidence. However, Zabini was the one who was able to look at the evidence in a different, more practical light to come to the more surprising conclusions that Wood hadn’t considered. Overall, they make a great team.”

 

Sheppard smiled at the two girls, “Congratulations Wood and Zabini, great work.”

 

“Thank you, sir,” They echoed as Sheppard turned to Theo and Neville, “Longbottom and Nott, let’s see what you managed to come up with.”

 

Theo and Neville led the group to their cubicle, Neville stood next to the chalkboard, and Theo pushed himself up onto the table. He gestured at Neville, “If you would like to start us off Mr Snake Killer, sir.”

 

Neville rolled his eyes, “We were tasked with finding out who killed Damien Chambers. He was a thief of all sorts, but his speciality seemed to be jewels, and he was from the East End of London. He grew up in a life of crime, he was an orphan, general scumbag for the most part, but I don’t think that means he deserved to get his head whacked off.”

 

Theo shrugged, “He was found underneath a railway bridge close to the Tower of London with his head lying a few feet away from him. The cause of death was obviously decapitation, and from the ME’s report, it looked like it had been done by hand. The wound was too rugged to be caused by magic; magical decapitation tends to leave a cleaner wound, less blood, you know?”

 

“So we suspected a muggle rather than a witch or wizard,” Neville said, “To try and work out who had killed him, we traced his last movements. The victim was found by a dog walker at around 6.30 am, but he had last been seen at around 3 am by a taxi driver. That witness had seen him dressed in black near the Tower of London, so we started to speculate about whether our jewel thief was planning on stealing the crown jewels.”

 

“We followed that line of investigation and worked out that the shards of glass the ME had found in his feet and legs implied he had successfully managed to break into the tower but that he hadn’t been able to steal the jewels. We couldn’t work out why someone had killed him for attempting to steal the jewels rather than just arrested him then Neville made a comment about how it wouldn’t be the first time that someone had tried to steal the crown jewels.”

 

“It made me realise something,” Neville continued, “If someone had stolen the crown jewels before and the authorities hadn’t been able to find them, then the ones under guard in the tower were fakes. If our jewel thief got close enough to steal them, then he would know straight away that they were fake and we think that he was killed to cover that up. Our best guess at the who is an MI5 agent, one of the guards working in the tower that night was there under a false identity. By all accounts, he didn’t exist at all; he had no birth certificate, national insurance number or bank account.”

 

“Once we had worked that much out, we realised that our unnamed government worker had killed Chambers,” Theo said, “So that he couldn’t tell the world that the crown jewels were fake. We disagreed on the reasoning behind the fact the victim was beheaded; I thought it was because there is no honour amongst thieves, but Neville thought it was because, as far as the government were concerned, Chambers had committed treason and treason was punished with beheading back in ye olde times.”

 

Sheppard nodded, “Good work, boys. I must admit, I gave you a difficult one. With both of you being wizarding, I wasn’t sure how much you would know about muggle government bodies.”

 

“My girlfriend is a muggle-born,” Neville said with a smile, “With a huge thing for Pierce Brosnan and the Bond films.”

 

Sheppard laughed, “I guess that makes sense. Anyway, as I was saying, you were virtually spot on. The victim was beheaded by a government agent to cover up the fact that the crown jewels are fake. You were wrong on your reasoning behind that though; they weren’t stolen and replaced with fake jewels. They were nearly stolen, and it was too close a call, so the real crown jewels were taken and hidden somewhere nobody would be able to find them. The ones in the tower are fakes, excellent fakes but fakes all the same.”

 

“What about the beheading?” Theo asked, “Which one of us was right?”

 

“Mr Longbottom was,” Sheppard replied, “As far as the government are concerned, he committed treason, and as Mr Longbottom said, the punishment for treason was often beheading.”

 

Neville shot Theo a smug look at that as Sheppard looked up, “What did you make of that, Sumner?”

 

“Well I can’t fault their conclusions,” Sumner said, “But as for how well they worked together…well, Longbottom definitely took the lead out of the two of them but they disagreed on how to do things, not to mention certain conclusions that they were reaching. I think as much as they are friends, they clash when working together.”

 

“Alright, noted,” Sheppard said as he looked at the two boys, “Well done all the same boys. Right wonder boy, how did you and Black get on?”

 

Harry had to bite back the urge to roll his eyes at that. He and Draco led the group over to their cubicle, and then they stood on either side of the blackboard to present their findings.

 

“So we were asked to find out who killed Howard Jackson,” Harry began, “He was an Auror who was found dead in a camp on Salisbury field. Draco knew that the purpose of the camp was for training the Elite Squad Aurors so we figured it would have pretty tight security. With that in mind, we knew that whoever killed Jackson had to have had access to the base, so our prime suspect was probably an Auror.”

 

“The ME’s report stated that Jackson had been bludgeoned to death, the force it would have taken to kill someone that way implied that it had been a man. In addition to that, the angle of the blows led the ME to believe that the killer was about 6 foot tall,” Draco explained, “The ME had also found a coded message in the victims pocket, so I started to try and decode that.”

 

“While Draco was doing that, I started to look at the list of suspects, and I managed to narrow it down to two because we knew the killer had to be a man,” Harry said, “That left his estranged brother and his best friend and Auror partner Daniel Cove, but his brother was only 5 foot 3, so it was unlikely that he could have killed Jackson. As well as being physically able to kill Jackson, the Auror partner had the opportunity to do so too. He was the last person to see Jackson alive a few hours before his death and the last thing they had done was argue.”

 

“According to his witness report, Cove said they argued because Daniel had cancelled on plans to have dinner with him and his wife,” Draco said, “But we thought that sounded like a petty thing for two best friends to argue about, especially when a witness had described that argument as very heated, so we started to think that Cove was hiding something.”

 

“We looked back over at the witness reports and realised that Cove’s alibi was sketchy. He said he had been on the floo to his wife at the time that Jackson had been murdered, but he could easily have killed Jackson just before or after he floo-ed his wife,” Harry continued, “Through that discussion, we also discovered that Cove’s wife was pregnant which gave us a brainwave.”

 

“We figured that if Cove’s wife happened to be pregnant with another man’s child, then Cove would want that other man dead, regardless of whether it was his Auror partner or not,” Draco said.

 

Harry nodded, “One of Jackson’s fellow Aurors had also called him a notorious charmer, so it wasn’t unbelievable to think that he could have charmed his Auror partners wife which gave Cove motive.”

 

“I had also just begun to decode the message,” Draco added, “It was a mixture of runes and muggle military code, and I had managed to get the time, noon, and a place, Salisbury Town, out of it. Harry worked out that Jackson was planning to meet Cove’s wife, maybe to run away with her. Either way, it looked like Cove’s wife was going to leave him for his best friend.”

 

“Jackson was killed half an hour before he was supposed to meet Cove’s wife so it looked very likely that Cove had killed him before that meeting could take place,” Harry finished, “And we suspected Cove’s wife of covering for her husband with her alibi. Once the news came out that Jackson was murdered, she would surely have started to suspect her husband, and by that same logic, she must have been afraid of him.”

 

Sheppard grinned, “Spot on boys, great work. I cannot fault anything that you just said, you got everything right, and you didn’t miss a trick either.”

 

Harry and Draco shared a grin at that news. Theo and Neville rolled their eyes at each other behind them.

 

 “What did you make of that Sumner?” Sheppard asked.

 

“Can’t fault their conclusions,” Sumner agreed, “But I can say that I don’t think they are best suited to each other. These two are very similar, too similar, I think. There was an element of arguing about who was in charge, and they worked very well independently, but I believe that they did that to avoid any further arguments. Mr Potter and Mr Black are both leaders at the end of the day, and two leaders shouldn’t work together.”

 

“Noted, thank you, Sumner,” Sheppard said as he turned back to the pair, “Alright then everyone, back up front with me.”

 

The group walked to the front of the room and Sumner came in to escort Eddie and Lesley out of the room.

 

As he did so, Sheppard smiled at the others, “Congratulations. Everyone in this room has just been accepted into our Auror training program.”

 

Harry, Draco, Neville and Theo all shared grins at this news.

 

“And in addition to that, this little task was to help us pair you up,” Sheppard continued, “The pairs I am going to put you in now are the pairs you will remain in until you are all fully-fledged Aurors in three years. This little task has shown us who works well together, and who doesn’t.”

 

The four boys looked at each other somewhat nervously; they had been the only ones who were given the feedback that they hadn’t worked that well together, so they were worried about getting separated.

 

“Wood and Zabini, you two made a great team, so we don’t see any reason to change it,” Sheppard began, “Same goes to you guys, Harper and Wilde.”

 

This left the four boys; they all breathed a sigh of relief. One way or another, they would all be together.

 

“I’ve taken on Sumner’s advice about you four,” Sheppard said as he looked at them, “Potter and Black, you are both leaders. Longbottom and Nott, don’t take offence but you are both sidekicks so Potter we would like you to have your snake killing sidekick back and Black, you can have your boyfriend back.”

 

Harry shot Neville an amused smile as Theo jumped on Draco and pretended to cry with happiness. It made the rest of the room burst into laughter; even Sheppard cracked a smile.

 

“Alright break it up, ladies!” Sheppard cut in, “Head home and enjoy some rest and relaxation. We will be in touch with you soon to tell you what happens next.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


When Harry and Draco walked into Potter Manor on Sunday evening, neither of them were surprised to see their other halves anxiously awaiting them.

 

“How did it go?” Hermione asked the second the door had shut behind them.

 

Daphne didn’t say anything as she surveyed Harry, “They’re in.”

 

Hermione spun around to look at her, “How do you know?”

 

“It’s written all over your face,” Daphne said to Harry with a slight smile, “You’re in, aren’t you?”

 

Harry grinned, “We’re in.”

 

Hermione squealed and ran over to Draco; she practically jumped on him to hug him. Draco laughed and hugged her back, “I guess you’re pleased about that, then.”

 

“I’m so proud of you,” Hermione beamed as she released him.

 

Daphne hadn’t been quite so dramatic, she just hugged Harry tightly and said, “I knew you could do it, but there was a tiny part of me that was still nervous for you.”

 

Harry chuckled, “Thanks. We found out who our partners are too.”

 

“Are you two together?” Hermione asked curiously from where she stood by Draco’s side.

 

Harry shot Draco an amused look, “No, apparently we’re not compatible.”

 

Daphne snorted, “What is this, a dating company?”

 

Draco chuckled, “No, they put us into pairs and asked us to solve a mock case file. We were together, and so were Theo and Neville. We were told that since we were both leaders, we couldn’t work together.”

 

“And Neville and Theo clashed too much,” Harry added, “So I got my snake killing sidekick back, and Draco got his boyfriend back.”

 

Hermione smiled slightly, “As much as we all joke about you and Theo, you will be glad of that won’t you?”

 

“There’s nobody I would trust to have my back more than Theo,” Draco admitted.

 

“And there’s nobody I would rather have by my side in a fight than Nev,” Harry said, “So we’re all happy.”

 

“Good,” Daphne said with a smile, “I figured you would have had a pretty physical weekend, so I made the bathroom nice for you. Fancy discussing it in a nice hot bath?”

 

Harry grinned, “Definitely,” He said as he let her lead him up the stairs.

 

“We’ll just stay down here in case you two get carried away!” Draco joked.

 

Harry snorted in amusement, “Carried away? Like there’s any chance with you two here, when are you moving out again?”

 

“Shut up Potter!” Draco retorted.

 

 

“So, how was it?”

 

“It was good,” Harry said, he was lying in a very big, very comfortable bath and after the weekend he had just had, it felt like heaven.

 

“Really?” Daphne asked, “It wasn’t hard?”

 

“It wasn’t easy,” Harry admitted, “But I knew it wasn’t going to be. I think I did pretty well though, the physical test wasn’t an issue; it was kind of fun. There was an obstacle course and a flying course, is it weird that I enjoyed it?”

 

Daphne laughed, “No, you’re an adrenaline junkie. Did you not find any of it difficult?”

 

Harry opened his eyes to look at her, “Some parts were harder than others. The magical ability test was okay too, I don’t want to sound cocky, but I had experience with most of the stuff they tested us on.”

 

“What did they test you on?” Daphne asked curiously.

 

“We had to take down Death Eaters in a mock attack on Diagon Alley. Then we were tested on how good our shield charms were and on how many spells we knew. They finished it off with a duel like I thought they would,” Harry replied, “If anything, it was annoying how close to perfect I got on some tests. I only missed one Death Eater in that mock attack, and there was another test where we had to dodge spells, I only got him once, and it was right at the very end.”

 

“Hey, nobody is perfect,” Daphne pointed out, “And if you start to believe that you are then you’re more likely to get hurt.”

 

Harry smiled at her, “You are going soft.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Hey, I’m wearing an engagement ring now, and I’m thinking about adopting Teddy with you. You’re not going to go and get yourself killed right when I’m getting the hang of this whole commitment thing, are you?”

 

Harry chuckled, “I’ll be careful, I always am.”

 

“So what else did they test you on?” Daphne asked as she threw a clump of bubbles at him.

 

Harry shook his head in amusement, “Just mental stuff. Whether we could defeat a Dementor and a Boggart, withstand torture, that kind of thing.”

 

Daphne gave him a knowing look, “Give it up.”

 

“Give what up?” Harry asked innocently.

 

“I can read you like a book, and you are a terrible liar,” Daphne said, “It wasn’t all easy, some parts were tough, and you need to talk about those things.”

 

“Coming from the person who bottles everything up?” Harry asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“Exactly, I know how hard it is to keep everything inside,” Daphne pointed out, “So when you have a perfectly good person to talk to, then talk to that person.”

 

Harry sighed, “It just brought up some bad memories from the war, but I am fine.”

 

“Bullshit,” Daphne said sternly.

 

“I don’t want to talk about it, Daph,” Harry said as he looked her in the eye for the first time.

 

Daphne narrowed her eyes at him, “You realise that not telling me is pointless, don’t you? Because Draco will tell Hermione or Neville will tell Lil, so I’ll work out what they did to you in there eventually. If I have to find out from someone else then I’m going to be pissed, but if you tell me now, then I’m going to be sympathetic and trust me, you will prefer sympathetic.”

 

Harry chuckled at that, “You’re right, I will prefer sympathetic.”

 

Daphne smirked, “So what happened?”

 

“They tested our moral compass,” Harry began, “Which was easy for me because I found a loophole. I was supposed to have to pick whether I saved the Minister for Magic or his little girl, if I saved the girl then the bad guy was going to set off a proximity charm on a stand full of spectators, but I turned the whole stand into a portkey and saved everyone.”

 

“Why doesn’t that surprise me?” Daphne asked, her tone implied that she was exasperated, but her smile said otherwise.

 

Harry smiled a little, “The second task was the Dementor and the Boggart. The Dementor was easy but the Boggart…I don’t like my new worst fear.”

 

Daphne frowned, “Why? What is it?”

 

“It was everyone that I knew, dead,” Harry replied quietly, “Theo and Sadie were hugging, and Neville was lying over Lil and Draco and Hermione were holding hands.”

 

“What about me?” Daphne asked gently as she took his hand underneath the water.

 

“You were holding Teddy,” Harry said, his voice devoid of emotion.

 

Daphne’s face fell, “Oh…Merlin Harry that is awful.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said as he tore his eyes away from her, “It made me sick, and I defeated the Boggart with wordless magic but I kind of…well, I killed it.”

 

Daphne’s eyes widened, “You killed it? They are very hard to kill.”

 

“Yeah, that’s what Auror Sheppard said too,” Harry admitted, “I thought he would be pissed, but it impressed them.”

 

Daphne nodded, “It shows how powerful you are, I guess. Did you say that they tortured you in there?”

 

“Yeah, to see if we could withhold information,” Harry replied, “The physical torture was fine. I could handle the bone-crushing curse and the cruciatus curse. I could even handle it when they threatened you because you’re one of the most powerful witches that I know, and you could easily have been an Auror if that was what you had wanted.”

 

“But?” Daphne said.

 

“But when they threatened Teddy,” Harry said with a shake of his head, “I just lost it.”

 

“They threatened Teddy?” Daphne asked in a dangerous tone of voice, “Our one-year-old…” she trailed off because she wasn’t quite sure what she should call him.

 

“Yeah,” Harry said with a nod, “I don’t know what he is to us anymore either, but I know he’s probably the most important thing in my life.”

 

“And he’s a baby, how sick are these Aurors?” Daphne asked angrily.

 

“I know why they did it,” Harry admitted, “They have to identify our weaknesses, and Teddy…he’s a weakness, so are you.”

 

“They can hardly hold it against you though,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“They don’t, they understand,” Harry said, “Because they have wives and kids too. If you think what I just told you is bad though, you should hear some of the things they asked me in my final interview.”

 

Daphne frowned, “I’m listening.”

 

“They had to ask tough questions, I’m fairly sure there was a truth ward or something up so we couldn’t lie,” Harry said, “I think it was partly to see how we reacted and partly to see if there were any skeletons in our closet. They asked me a couple of stupid questions like why I killed Voldemort instead of turned him in then they started asking about you and Teddy.”

 

“What did they say about Teddy?” Daphne asked cautiously.

 

“They implied I wouldn’t be able to do my job as an Auror because of Teddy,” Harry admitted, “They asked how I would cope with caring for a young child and going through the tiresome experience of Auror training.”

 

Daphne scoffed, “They have no right to ask you about that! It’s like saying if you have kids you can’t be an Auror, that’s ridiculous!”

 

“I told them as much,” Harry said honestly, “And in answer to their question I said that we would manage because we have to. Teddy needs us, one way or the other we’ll make it work. Won’t we?”

 

Daphne frowned up at him, “Of course we will. Why did you make that into a question?”

 

Harry shrugged, “We had a serious discussion about adopting him Daph, that’s a big thing to ask of a 19-year-old, he’s my godson, but you don’t have that kind of obligation to him. I would understand if it meant we…that our relationship…”

 

“If it broke us up?” Daphne asked hotly, “How can you say that I have no obligation to Teddy? He is your godson, but I love you, Harry and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. That makes him my responsibility too; I wouldn’t have had that discussion with you if I wasn’t okay with it.”

 

“I just needed reassurance,” Harry admitted, “It’s a big thing to do when we’re so young.”

 

Daphne nodded, “Yeah, it is, but if anyone can do it, then it’s us.”

 

Harry smiled at her, “Sorry, I should have put a bit more faith in you, in us. That whole interview just made me doubt things a little; they asked some searching questions.”

 

“About us?” Daphne asked.

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah, about us.”

 

“Let me guess,” Daphne said dryly, “They asked if I manipulated you because I’m a horrible, slimy Slytherin snake?”

 

“Pretty much,” Harry replied, "The first mistake was that they called you a bitch and the second mistake was that they asked how you had forced me into our relationship, whether it had been a love potion or a compulsion charm.”

 

“Fucking bastards,” Daphne cursed, “What did you say? You better have defended me.”

 

“Of course, I defended you!” Harry exclaimed, “I flipped a table and told them I fell in love with you because of your beauty and your intelligence and that I didn’t see why your Hogwarts house made a damn bit of a difference to them.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “Really?”

 

“Really,” Harry said as he caught her eye, “You didn’t need any potion or charm to hoodwink me, from the moment I started talking to you when we started that eighth year I knew.”

 

“You knew what?” Daphne asked as she leant in closer.

 

“I knew you were the one,” Harry replied simply.

 

Daphne smiled, she was now very close to his face, “Cheesy talk like that will get you everywhere, Mr Potter,” she murmured as she captured his lips in a kiss.

 

 

When Theo stepped through the fireplace into the kitchen of No.11 Grimmauld Place, he smiled. It was the first time he had been away from the house for longer than a couple of hours, and coming home felt amazing. He had never had a happy home to go home to, but the moment he stepped into the kitchen, he smelled the makings of a home-made meal combined with the vanilla candles that Sadie liked the smell of.

 

As he brushed the ash from his clothes, he heard the sound of footsteps above. Sadie had heard the floo go, and seconds later she rushed into the kitchen with pink cheeks.

 

“You’re back!”

 

Theo chuckled as she threw herself at him. He picked her up and spun her around when he placed her back down, he leant in and kissed her. Sadie kissed him back passionately, and when she drew back, her cheeks were even pinker than they had been before.

 

“I need to go away for the weekend more often,” Theo joked as he ran a hand through his hair.

 

Sadie smiled sheepishly, “I missed you.”

 

“I guessed,” Theo said with a grin, “Do you want to know how it went?”

 

“I want to know everything,” Sadie said eagerly, “Do you know if you got in? Did they tell you straight away or are they making you wait?”

 

“They told us,” Theo said, he couldn’t keep the smile off of his face, “We got in, all four of us.”

 

Sadie squeaked in excitement, “That’s great, Theo!”

 

“It gets better,” Theo said as he pushed himself up onto the dining room table, “We got paired up.”

 

“Ooh, did they put you with Nev?” Sadie asked as she began to open cupboards in search of something.

 

“Initially, yeah,” Theo said with an amused smile, “We had a mock case to solve, and they paired us up. They put me with Nev and we kind of clashed, Draco and Harry argued over who was the leader when those two were paired up so-”

 

“So they put you with Draco,” Sadie finished.

 

Theo nodded, “And to be honest, I’m glad. I get on great with Nev, but Draco will always be my best friend, and now that he’s my Auror partner, I’ll always be able to have his back.”

 

“And he’ll always have yours,” Sadie said with a smile, “Things are only going to get worse now. You’ll spend more time with Draco than you do with me.”

 

“Yeah but Draco doesn’t have the same assets that you do,” Theo said as he shot her a suggestive look.

 

Sadie chuckled, “Save that for later. For now, tell me all about the weekend,” she said as she poured out two glasses of wine.

 

Theo grinned, “Well, it wasn’t easy, but I got through it. I thought the physical fitness test was pretty hard; to be honest, those three are way fitter than me.”

 

“I’d beg to differ,” Sadie pointed out.

 

Theo raised an eyebrow at him, “I thought we were saving that for later.”

 

“We are,” Sadie said with an amused smile, “What kind of stuff did they test you on?”

 

“There was a reflex test,” Theo began, “We had to dodge spells and I…well I sucked at that. Then there was an assault course which was fine, apart from all the magical creatures.”

 

Sadie smiled slightly, “Did they attack you?”

 

“Yes, and it’s not funny!” Theo objected, “Do I look like a piece of meat to every magical creature in existence?”

 

“Are you stripping?” Sadie asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“No, I’m showing you my first war wound,” Theo said as he tossed his shirt onto the ground and showed her his arm.

 

“Ouch! What did that?”

 

“A bloody Kappa!”

 

“Why didn’t you just trick him into bowing?” Sadie asked with a frown.

 

“Because I know nothing about magical creatures, clearly,” Theo said with a roll of his eyes.

 

“Yeah, we’re going to have to fix that. Let me talk to Luna and see if we can give you a crash course before you’re a fully qualified Auror,” Sadie said, “Does it hurt?”

 

“Nah, not anymore,” Theo replied, “But it hurt like hell at the time.”

 

“Guess that teaches you not to get bitten by a Kappa again,” Sadie said as she bit her lip to try and stop herself from laughing, “You still did okay on the course though, didn’t you?”

 

“I finished it within the time limit, but I only had 2 seconds to spare,” Theo answered, “And I nearly screwed up the flying assault course too, but that was my own fault. I tried to go too fast, so I missed some of the hoops we had to fly through which gave me a time penalty. Oh, I hotwired a scooter, but I kind of got in trouble for that.”

 

“Isn’t it illegal?”

 

“In the muggle world, yeah,” Theo replied, “But-”

 

“But we have a law which states that breaking laws knowingly in the muggle world is still a breach of the law generally,” Sadie cut in, “So technically, it was still breaking the law.”

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “Semantics. Anyway, the test on my magical abilities went better.”

 

“That doesn’t surprise me,” Sadie said honestly, “I figured that would be your strong point. As much as you try to hide it, you’re smart.”

 

Theo smiled at that, “Thanks, love.”

 

“So what did they test you on?” Sadie asked as she sipped from her glass of wine.

 

“It was all in a simulated version of Diagon Alley,” Theo began, “The first part was a Death Eater attack.”

 

“That’s a bit close to the truth, isn’t it?” Sadie asked with a frown.

 

“I think that was the point,” Theo admitted, “They wanted to know we could handle real-life situations like that. I think I did pretty good, I got them all, accidentally killed one, but that’s no great loss.”

 

“Your best friend was once one of those Death Eaters you’re talking about,” Sadie pointed out, “Try to show some empathy.”

 

“I was once one of those Death Eaters,” Theo reminded her.

 

“They marked you, but you weren’t one of them,” Sadie said, she grabbed her husband’s hand, “You were always on the right side, even if you didn’t want to admit it.”

 

Theo shrugged, “It didn’t always feel that way love.”

 

“Well, it was that way,” Sadie said firmly, “Although I don’t know why I told you to show empathy, it’s never been a strong point for you.”

 

“True,” Theo admitted.

 

Sadie sighed, “You’re going to have to get better at it though, Theo. With this job…if you can’t show it for real you’re going to have to learn to pretend.”

 

Theo tried to resist the urge to roll his eyes; he hated it when Sadie was condescending, “I’m sure I can learn. Do you want to know about the rest of the test?”

 

“Of course I do,” Sadie said, she knew that she had offended him, but it had needed to be said.

 

“I did okay on the shielding test, but I did kind of freeze up when they fired the killing curse at me,” Theo admitted.

 

“They used the killing curse?” Sadie asked in disbelief.

 

“Oh, not for real,” Theo said with a shake of his head, “If it hits you, it doesn’t kill you. It’s just to see what your reaction to it is and my reaction sucked because it hit me.”

 

“I’m getting more and more glad about the fact Draco is going to be there to keep you safe from now on,” Sadie said with a slight frown, “Because that’s disconcerting to hear.”

 

“I didn’t see it coming in all fairness,” Theo said to defend himself, “I got hit by another spell, and I had a head injury. You know me, Sadie, I’m usually totally on the ball.”

 

“I know,” Sadie said, but she still chewed on her lip nervously.

 

“They did a test to see how many spells we knew as well then they finished it off with a duel which I aced,” Theo finished, “I know I’m not the most powerful dueller, not compared to Harry, Draco and Nev but the Auror who tested me did say that she liked my duelling technique.”

 

“The distract-your-opponent-with-weird-arse-spells technique?” Sadie joked.

 

“You joke but the Auror thought it was clever,” Theo said with a smirk.

 

“That all sounds fairly tame, to be honest,” Sadie admitted, “I thought it was supposed to be really hard.”

 

“Well there were mental tests too,” Theo said, “But they weren’t that hard. We had a situation that was supposed to challenge our moral compass-”

 

“Stop pretending you don’t have one,” Sadie cut in, “I know you better than that. What did they make you do?”

 

“It wasn’t that hard,” Theo said honestly, “I was on a ship which went on fire, and there was this injured guy on our lifeboat. I had to decide whether to throw the injured guy overboard and save everyone else on the boat or to let him live, which would mean the boat would sink.”

 

“So you threw him overboard,” Sadie realised.

 

“Yeah,” Theo said with a nod, “It was a no brainer, but then I found out that the consequence of choosing that course of action was that when the rescue boat got back into port, I would have to see a woman with three kids crying.”

 

“His family.”

 

Theo nodded, “Yeah.”

 

“Please tell me you felt at least a little guilty for that,” Sadie said as she looked at him cautiously.

 

“Of course I did, I’m not a sociopath,” Theo scoffed, “I felt terrible, but the majority of the people on that boat were kids so by throwing that guy overboard, I saved a whole bunch of kids. Who knows, one of those kids might have gone on to cure cancer or something.”

 

“True,” Sadie said with a slight smile, “Was it all like that?”

 

“Nah,” Theo replied, “There was a Dementor and a Boggart to defeat, both of which were fairly easy. I mean school kid spells, you know?”

 

“What form did your Boggart take?”

 

“Why?”

 

“Because something flashed in your eyes when you started to tell me about it, so I think it’s something bad,” Sadie replied.

 

Theo didn’t want to tell her, but he knew that it was a conversation they would have to have soon anyway, ideally before she left for Egypt.

 

“It was you.”

 

“Me?”

 

“You,” Theo said as he stared down at his hands, “It was you telling me that you had met someone better in Egypt, you telling me that you were leaving me because there were smarter, better-looking people out there.”

 

“Theo,” Sadie said with a sigh, “How many times do I have to tell you? You don’t have to worry about that. Maybe there are smarter, better-looking people out there but I don’t want anyone else, I want you.”

 

“I know,” Theo said as he reached out and grabbed her hand, “I just…you’re the best thing in my life and the thought of losing you, it terrifies me. Alright?”

 

Sadie nodded, she reached out and grabbed his hand, “Okay, as long as you promise that it isn’t anything more than that.”

 

“It isn’t,” Theo promised.

 

Sadie looked at him for a moment then nodded once more, “What else did they test you on?”

 

“They made sure we weren’t psychopaths, I’m not by the way,” Theo added as an afterthought, “Although Harry came pretty close, Auror Sheppard reckons it’s because he’s an adrenaline junkie.”

 

“I guess that makes sense, people who seek dangerous thrills do have the potential to become a threat,” Sadie said thoughtfully.

 

“Since when were you a psychologist?” Theo asked in amusement.

 

“I just know a little about a lot, okay?” Sadie said with a roll of her eyes, “Did they torture you? Lil said she thought they would test to see how you handled being tortured.”

 

“Yeah, they gave us a piece of information and told us to protect it while a Death Eater tortured us,” Theo said with a wave of his hand, “It was fine,” as he said the words he remembered the excruciating pain of his bones crushing to dust. He remembered screaming as the cruciatus curse burnt his skin, but he tried not to show it. He didn’t want Sadie to worry any more than she needed to.

 

“Theo, being tortured isn’t fine,” Sadie said gently.

 

“It was only for ten minutes,” Theo said, “It wasn’t any worse than slowly starving to death in the dark tower, honestly.”

 

Sadie didn’t look convinced, but before she could say anymore, Theo started talking again.

 

“Then they finished the whole thing off with a final interview,” Theo said to keep Sadie distracted so that she couldn’t question him further on the torture subject, “They said they had to ask some pretty hard-hitting questions but…I didn’t expect them to talk about my mother.”

 

Sadie’s eyes widened, “They had no right!”

 

“They thought they did,” Theo said dryly, “Apparently they had to make sure that I wasn’t cruel like my father.”

 

“You are nothing like your father!” Sadie exclaimed, “How dare they! Oh if I could curse those Aurors, I would!”

 

Theo smiled slightly, “As cute as that is, I don’t think it would be helpful.”

 

“Are you okay?” Sadie asked softly, “I know how much you hate talking about your parents.”

 

Theo shrugged, “I’m fine. I got through it, didn’t I?”

 

“Yes, but-”

 

“I’m fine Sade,” Theo said as he raised his wine glass, “Let’s just celebrate the fact I did it, alright?”

 

“Alright,” Sadie said, she wasn’t convinced, but she knew when she could push and when she needed to shut up.

 

She raised her glass to his, and in unison, they said, “Cheers.”

 

 

“Those two are totally going to have sex upstairs, I’m not going up there for at least an hour,” Draco said distastefully.

 

“Maybe they missed each other this weekend,” Hermione said as she grabbed a couple of mugs and set the kettle on to boil, “I missed you.”

 

“Did you?”

 

“Why do you sound so surprised?” Hermione asked as she raised an eyebrow at him, “Surprisingly, I like to spend time with my fiancé.”

 

“I know, it’s just…you’re better at entertaining yourself than Daphne is,” Draco said with a vaguely amused smile, “You’ll just read a book or something, but Daph is restless.”

 

“You’re telling the person who had to spend the whole weekend with her,” Hermione said with a roll of her eyes, “I introduced her to bowling on Saturday afternoon then I took her to the cinema on Saturday night. Then on Sunday, we went to the Burrow, and I mean family drama doesn’t even cut it.”

 

Draco grinned, “What happened?”

 

“Oh Ginny only went and married Blaise in secret,” Hermione said with a roll of her eyes, “Then Molly kicked off and started being a bigot, only for Percy to stand up and give this awe-inspiring speech about how we would raise our children to be liberal and in doing so, forge a better world for them.”

 

“So we missed a lot then?” Draco summarised.

 

“Yeah,” Hermione said with a shake of her head, “I wish you had been there; it was horrible.”

 

“I’m sorry,” Draco said honestly, “I missed you while I  was away. It wasn’t exactly a relaxing weekend for me either; it was hard.”

 

“You knew it would be,” Hermione said as she placed a mug down in front of him. She sat on the opposite side of the table and cradled her own coffee, “Do you want to tell me about it?”

 

“You’ll force it out of me if I don’t tell you, won’t you?” Draco asked her with a fond smile.

 

Hermione smiled back, “Yep.”

 

“Then I guess I don’t have a choice. To be honest, some parts were okay. The physical test was fine for the most part. There was a test where we had to dodge spells to test our agility, and I was good at that, being a seeker and all. Then there was a physical assault course and a flying course. I found both of them okay. The flying course was kind of fun, and I set a new record for the time, then Harry had to go and equal it.”

 

Hermione bit her lip, “Ah, I bet that didn’t go down well.”

 

“Somebody had to have been faster in milliseconds,” Draco said, “I will find out who.”

 

“I’m sure you will,” Hermione said as she took a sip of coffee to hide her amused smile.

 

“Then I had to subdue a suspect, that was fine as well,” Draco continued, “And the next set of tests were on magical ability.”

 

“Oh, you should have been fine with those then,” Hermione said, “You’re one of the most powerful wizards I know.”

 

“After Harry and Neville,” Draco pointed her.

 

“It doesn’t have to be a competition,” Hermione said firmly, “Settle for being one of the best of your generation, okay?”

 

Draco shrugged, “It started in Diagon Alley. We had to capture Death Eaters that were attacking the alley; it looked similar to the wartime attacks.”

 

“How did you do?” Hermione asked.

 

“Okay, I think,” Draco replied, “I got seven, nearly got another one and killed two. They looked down on killing them because if we kill them, we can’t question them.”

 

“Never mind the fact that killing is bad,” Hermione pointed out, “It’s a sin.”

 

“Since when were you religious?” Draco asked her with a raised eyebrow.

 

“I’m not,” Hermione said, “But-”

 

“No buts, you don’t get to tell me that killing is a sin when you don’t believe in religion,” Draco said, “Because if you don’t believe in religion, then you don’t believe in sins.”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “It’s a phrase, alright? I don’t want to get into a debate on religion with you on a Sunday night so just tell me about the rest of your tests.”

 

“They tested how well we could shield and how many spells we knew,” Draco said, “Both of which I found easy enough. Then there was duel with one of the Aurors testing us at the end. I won, obviously.”

 

“You’re a good duelist,” Hermione said with a smile, “You can hold your own against Harry, and that’s saying something.”

 

“The Auror seemed impressed enough,” Draco said, “They noticed that I favour sneak tactics and strategy over pure power. That’s how I beat Harry; he just throws everything into a duel without thinking about it. Typical Gryffindor.”

 

“Hey,” Hermione objected, “Sometimes I think you forget that I was a Gryffindor too.”

 

“Honestly, most of the time I do,” Draco admitted.

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at him, “And what is that meant to mean?”

 

“You’re as loyal as a Hufflepuff, as smart as a Ravenclaw, as brave as a Gryffindor and you can be as sneaky as a Slytherin. You embody so many traits of other houses that sometimes I do actually forget,” Draco told her.

 

Hermione smiled slightly, “I guess I’ll take that as a compliment.”

 

“That was how it was intended,” Draco said honestly.

 

Hermione looked up and caught his eye, “What else did they test you on?”

 

“They had a whole bunch of mental tests,” Draco replied, “The first one was a morality test. We got given this scenario, and we had to decide what to do, either way, people died.”

 

Hermione nodded, “Typical morality test, often used in muggle psychology. I’m intrigued that they used it in a wizarding setting. What did you have to do?”

 

“The scenario had been that a disease had wiped out a lot of witches and wizards across the world. I was in a lab where I had developed two potions, one was an early attempt at a cure which was poisonous, and the other was a cure. I didn’t know which one was which and I had two people under my care. The only way to test it was to give each of them a potion.”

 

“Knowing that one of them would die,” Hermione said with a nod, “Who were the two people? Harry and Theo?”

 

“You really don’t have any idea how important you are to me, do you?” Draco asked her with a surprised look, “You were one of them, obviously.”

 

“And Theo was the other?” Hermione guessed.

 

“No, my mother was,” Draco said, “Why are you so fixated on Theo?”

 

“You know why,” Hermione said simply, “Anyway, what did you do?”

 

“I found a loophole, sort of,” Draco said, “I realised that I didn’t have to give both of you a potion, I could give one of you both of the potions. If the first one didn’t work, then I would know it was the cure, and you would both live. If the first one killed the person I gave it to then, I knew the other one was the cure.”

 

Hermione nodded.

 

“So I gave the first potion to my mother and…she died,” Draco finished.

 

“You killed your mother for me?” Hermione asked in disbelief.

 

Draco looked up and caught her eye, “There’s not much I wouldn’t do for you, Hermione.”

 

Hermione glanced down with pink cheeks.

 

“Have I embarrassed you?”

 

“No,” Hermione said honestly as she looked up and gave him a sheepish look, “It’s just…when you get intense like that…well, I would normally do something that I can’t do in Harry and Daphne’s kitchen.”

 

Draco smirked, “Those two are probably going to be upstairs for a while.”

 

Hermione shook her head, “Oh, no…no way.”

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at her, “Come on, Hermione, are you a Gryffindor or not?”

 

Hermione narrowed her eyes at him, “Don’t challenge me.”

 

“Why? Because I know you’ll rise to it?” Draco asked as he walked around the table and pulled her to her feet.

 

“That’s exactly why,” Hermione said, “This is Harry’s kitchen; it’s not happening.”

 

“Fine,” Draco shrugged, “I guess this is why I always forget you’re a Gryffindor though. It’s not like you act like one, here was me thinking I would get to have wild, crazy sex now that I have a Gryffindor girlfriend-”

 

Before he could say anymore, Hermione grabbed him and pulled him in for a kiss. He doubted that she noticed him smirking against her lips.

 

Hermione quickly pulled away and as quick as a flash had her wand drawn and pointed straight at Draco’s crotch.

 

Draco gulped, “What the hell, Hermione?”.

 

Hermione grinned in a predatory way as she said, “Don’t think I couldn’t tell you were smirking, Draco.”

 

With a flick of her wand, she banished his trousers and underwear. She then grabbed his dick and began to stroke him slowly. “This is the thing Draco. You think you can challenge me and I’ll rise to it, but right now the only thing rising is you,” she said with a smirk.

 

Draco smirked right back at her. He spun them around, holding her hands above her head as he pushed her up against a wall. He kissed her hard as he moved one of his legs between Hermione’s and nudged them open, “But you did rise to the challenge, love,” he murmured in her ear. He banished her jeans with wandless magic and spun her around so that her chest was pressed against the cold, stone wall.

 

“Because,” he continued, casting the protection spell wordlessly. He held her hips and drove into her from behind, “I said you would never let me fuck you in Harry and Daphne’s kitchen. Yet here we are.”

 

Hermione gasped as he entered her roughly and moaned when he started to fuck her with slow, hard thrusts. “Maybe it’s just nice to see you taking control for once,” she said breathily as he continued to slam into her.

 

Draco laughed against her neck, “What can I say? The idea of kinky kitchen sex really appealed to me, even if I did think you were going to hex my balls off just now.”

 

Hermione laughed and pushed back against Draco, making him lose balance slightly. She then pushed him into one of the kitchen chairs and moved to straddle him. As she slid down onto him, she moaned and gripped his shoulders.

 

“What the-”

 

Hermione smirked at him, “Couldn’t have you thinking you’d won now, could I?”

 

Draco grabbed her arse with both hands as he said, “ Surely, since we are now shagging in our best friends kitchen, I did win?”

 

Hermione sighed in exasperation, “ Shut up Draco, or I’ll stop and leave you hanging,” she punctuated this comment with a roll of her hips, “You know I would”.

 

Draco paled slightly but still smirked, “Sorry love. I wonder how I’ll ever make it up to you,” he said as he slid his hands up under her bra and kissed her neck.

 

Hermione moaned into his ear, “Just stop talking and fuck me, Draco.”

 

From the half-moan, half-groan that escaped his lips and his increased tempo, she thought he had gotten the message.

 

 

Neville knew that Lilly would be excited that he was back, but he didn’t expect her to pop out seconds after he had stepped into the entrance hall.

 

“Nev!”

 

She was such a little pocket rocket that he had seconds to work out that she was hurtling towards him. As a result, he ended up flat on his back with her on top of him.

 

“There’s no way that you got in with those reflexes,” Lilly chuckled as she got to her feet.

 

Neville groaned, “I was hurting enough thanks, Lil,” he said as he pushed himself to his feet, “And for your information, you are looking at Auror Recruit Longbottom.”

 

Lilly grinned, “I knew it! Guess that means I’m going to be fixing you up soon. Come on; I made dinner!”

 

“You are really excitable,” Neville said with a fond smile as she grabbed his hand and pulled him into the kitchen.

 

“Well I’ve missed you,” Lilly said, “And I want to hear about how it went. Did they tell you straight away that you were in?”

 

Neville nodded and sank into a chair in the kitchen, “Yep, and they paired us up.”

 

“Ooh, let me guess. You’re with Theo?” Lilly asked as she began to uncover several dishes that were laid out on the table.

 

“No…Lilly, what is going on?” Neville asked with an amused smile.

 

“I made you a welcome home feast,” Lilly chirped, “I got bored this weekend Nev, really bored. I tidied the whole manor; then I went to the cinema with Daphne and Hermione to see “The Blair Witch Project” which sucked really badly. Then I got bored today, so I cooked a lot.”

 

“You really aren’t good at being idle, are you?”

 

“Nope,” Lilly said as she bit her lip, “What do you mean, you aren’t paired with Theo?”

 

“Exactly how it sounds,” Neville said with a smile, “Harry is my Auror partner.”

 

Lilly sighed in relief, “Don’t tell Theo, but I feel so much better knowing that. You and Harry are two of the most powerful wizards that I know; I think you will make a great team.”

 

“Thanks, Lil,” Neville said with a smile, “The whole weekend was actually okay. The physical test was a bit challenging, there was this obstacle course which was designed for skinny runts, but I got through it. Oh and there was a flying assault course too, I wasn’t the fastest, but I managed it.”

 

“Did all of our running pay off?” Lilly joked.

 

“Kind of,” Neville said with a smile, “I had to chase a suspect down, and I managed it. I think it just helped me build up stamina though.”

 

“What other kinds of tests did they do?” Lilly asked curiously.

 

“They tested our magical ability, starting with a mock Death Eater attack in Diagon Alley,” Neville said, “I thought I would be good at that, having fought Death Eaters during the war but I had really bad luck. Sometimes I think I’m cursed.”

 

Lilly laughed, “You’re not cursed. What happened?”

 

“I accidentally knocked a Death Eater down a chimney. Then I severed one of the supports of a metal sign hoping one of the Death Eaters would run into it and get knocked out, but it slit his throat,” Neville admitted sheepishly, “Then to top it all off, I stunned one of them, and he fell unconscious into a barrel of water and drowned.”

 

Lilly tried to hide her amused smile, “Yeah, you’re cursed.”

 

Neville chuckled, “Apart from that, I think I did okay in the magical tests. I didn’t find the shielding test or the test to see how many spells I knew difficult. The last test was a duel which was okay since I’m always duelling Harry, Draco and Theo.”

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow at him, “Are you seriously telling me that Auror training selection was easy?”

 

“Not exactly,” Neville said honestly, “Today we had our mental tests, and they were the hardest part of the whole weekend.”

 

Lilly frowned, “They didn’t torture you, did they?”

 

“A little,” Neville admitted, “But the first thing they tested was my moral compass. They gave me this horrible situation where I was in charge of a group of Aurors. One of them had lost both of his legs, and the bad guys were coming for us. I had to make a choice.”

 

“Save him and risk the lives of every other Auror or let him die,” Lilly said quietly.

 

Neville nodded, “Yeah, and I mean that alone would have been hard but…it wasn’t just any Auror that was injured; it was Harry.”

 

“Oh shit, Nev,” Lilly bit her lip, “That is tough. What did you do?”

 

Neville sighed as Lilly grabbed his hand, “I didn’t want him to suffer. I knew if I left him there, he would be captured and tortured. I knew they would humiliate him so I…I used a charm to stop his heart.”

 

Lilly didn’t say anything after Neville told her this. He chanced a glance up at her and saw her frowning deeply, “How could you make a decision like that? I don’t think I could.”

 

“You might have to Lil,” Neville said gently, “What are you going to do if there’s an attack, and lots of people are injured?”

 

“I would treat those with the worst injuries first,” Lilly replied.

 

“What if you had five minutes to save who you could and get out?” Neville asked, “Would you still waste time on the ones who were probably going to die or would you save the ones who had a chance at living?”

 

“Honestly Nev, I’ve never thought about it like that,” Lilly admitted, “I don’t know what I would do. How did you manage to make a decision like that under pressure?”

 

“Because,” Neville said quietly, “Because it’s not the first time I’ve had to do it.”

 

Lilly looked up in surprise, “What?”

 

“During the final battle…” Neville trailed off, “You were fighting with Daphne and Susan.”

 

“And you fought with Theo,” Lilly remembered.

 

“I got side-tracked by Theo,” Neville said with a frown, they didn’t talk about the war, “Hannah and I had just veered Greyback away from a group of kids. She took them into the school to evacuate them, and I followed him, then I heard Sadie shouting Theo’s name, so I jumped in to help him. After that, I went down to the courtyard where I had last seen Greyback, and I arrived just in time to see Hermione blast Greyback off a cliff because he had attacked Lavender. They were obviously going somewhere in a hurry, so they ran away.”

 

Neville paused and took a breath, “But Lavender, she was attacked by Greyback, and she was still alive after the attack.”

 

Lilly’s eyes widened as she realised where Neville was going with this.

 

“She had been bitten, and she was really badly hurt,” Neville said, his voice was almost a whisper now, “If she did live, she was going to be a werewolf, so she begged me to…” his voice broke.

 

“It’s okay Neville,” Lilly said gently as she gripped his hand, “I understand. You don’t have to say it.”

 

“No,” Neville said hoarsely, “I do, I need to tell someone. I stopped her heart, quickly and painlessly. I didn’t want her to suffer, not like my…not like my parents did.”

 

Lilly sighed and wrapped her arms around him, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry that I never knew that. I wasn’t the most supportive friend after the war; I just ran away to spend time with my Dads in Japan.”

 

Neville shook his head, “You had your own demons to face, Lil. And I don’t talk about the war to anyone; you’re the first person I’ve told about that.”

 

Lilly could tell that he didn’t want to talk about it anymore, “Why don’t you just finish telling me about the tests?”

 

Neville nodded and cleared his throat, “They tested us for psychopathic traits, and they made us defeat a Dementor and a Boggart. They tortured me, but it was nothing I couldn’t handle, you know what it was like with the Carrows during the war.”

 

Lilly nodded, she could tell that something was bothering him, but she knew that it wasn’t about the torture.

 

“Then there was a final interview,” Neville said, “They asked us tough questions to see how we reacted. I think I must have been under veritaserum or something because I couldn’t lie. Either way, I got through it.”

 

Lilly smiled, “I’m proud of you,” she said honestly.

 

Neville tried to smile back, but it came out as more of a grimace, “Do you mind if I bypass the feast and get an early night? It’s been a hard weekend.”

 

Honestly, Lilly felt a bit put out by that, but she also understood, “Yeah, I get it, Nev.”

 

Neville pushed himself to his feet and nodded, “Night, Lil,” he said as he disappeared up the stairs.

 

 

The occupants of High Top House were all in the drawing-room when Blanche blew in with a grin on her face, “Guess who just aced selection? You’re looking at Recruit Zabini right here, guys!”

 

When there was no grand outpouring of praise, Blanche looked upon the occupants of the room with a frown. Ginny had obviously been crying, and Blaise was sitting with his arm around her. Everyone seemed rather solemn.

 

“What happened?” Blanche asked anxiously, “Are you okay, Ginny? Is the baby okay?”

 

“The baby is fine,” Zara said smoothly, “We just had a visitation from Molly Weasley.”

 

“Did she kick-off?” Blanche asked angrily, “Cause I’ll hex her for you-”

 

Ginny shook her head, “No, Blanche, she apologised.”

 

“Apologised?” Blanche asked, raising an eyebrow at her mother, “She apologised?”

 

Zara bowed her head, “She said she was distraught to hear that her daughter had been married in the ministry without her family present. Ginevra told her mother that she would prefer to stay here than at the Burrow, and Molly was very understanding of that, but we do have two days to plan a wedding.”

 

Blanche snorted and sat down on the arm of Ginny’s chair, “I go away for a weekend, and I miss all of this drama?”

 

Ginny laughed weakly, and Blanche smiled at the younger girl.

 

Zara smiled slightly too, “Luckily, as I told Molly, I do have rather a lot of experience when it comes to wedding planning, so throwing something together should not be an issue. However, this wedding will take place at the Burrow because that is Ginevra’s familial home.”

 

Blanche made a face.

 

Zara fixed her daughter with a warning look, “We will all attend. Ginevra will have the big, white wedding that she deserves and we shall celebrate the union of our two families, supportively.”

 

Blanche rolled her eyes, “Subtle, Mother. Yes, I will be on my best behaviour but only because I like Ginny.”

 

Ginny laughed and looked up at Zara, “I’ll let my mum give me the big, white wedding if that makes her happy, but I’m not wearing a white wedding dress. I’m many things Zara, but I’m not a hypocrite.”

 

“Quite right,” Blanche said, she nudged Ginny and said, “You should wear red since you’re a scarlet woman,” she winked at Ginny.

 

“Blanche,” Zara hissed while Blaise rolled his eyes.

 

They had both expected this comment to upset Ginny, but the redheaded girl just laughed and said, “Do you know what? I think I will just to prove a point.”

 

Zara smiled and said, “I shall help you pick a dress out, my love. Blanche, would you like to come along?”

 

“Sure,” Blanche replied.

 

“Can I come?” Billie asked excitedly.

 

“Can I wear a suit?” Beatrice asked.

 

Zara rolled her eyes, “Billie, of course, you can come. Bea, you cannot wear a suit, but if you prefer to wear dress robes, then that is fine.”

 

“Yes,” Beatrice grinned, “Blaise, can I borrow your dark blue ones?”

 

Blaise chuckled, “Bea, will I ever get them back?”

 

“Yes, but they might not fit you anymore,” Beatrice said with a smirk.

 

“Then it’s not borrowing, is it?” Blaise asked. He chucked a pillow at her, “But since I love you, you can have them.”

 

“You’re the best brother,” Beatrice said, kissing him on the cheek, “Thanks, Blaise.”

 

“Anytime,” Blaise said. He turned back to Ginny, who was smiling, “I’ll wear red to match my wife.”

 

“Maybe I should wear white, I’m young and innocent,” Blanche joked.

 

“You are certainly virginal enough as far as sex with men is concerned,” Zara said, shooting her daughter an amused smile.

 

“Are we bonding, Mother?” Blanche asked with a raised eyebrow, “That was fond rather than scathing!”

 

Zara raised an eyebrow at her, “I have no issue with your sexual preference my love. I would just prefer it if you could maintain a steady relationship. However, this is not the time to have that argument. I believe congratulations are in order.”

 

Blanche smiled as her mother pulled a bottle of champagne out of the drinks cabinet, “We have three Aurors in the family now.”

 

“Thank you,” Blanche said with a genuine smile.

 

Zara smiled back and kissed her daughter on the cheek, “I am proud of you Blanche, but I do not want to lose any more children.”

 

Blanche nodded and hugged her mother, “You won’t, Mother,” she promised.

 

 

Daphne was woken in the middle of the night after Harry had gotten back from selection by a horrible scream. She sat bolt upright in bed, and it took her tired brain a moment to work out that the cry had come from Harry. Daphne turned to look at him; he was writhing next to her in their bed. He was sweating, his eyes were screwed together tightly, and he was gasping and crying out in his sleep.

 

“Daphne!” Harry cried in his sleep, “Daphne, take Teddy and go!”

 

Daphne swallowed hard; he was having a nightmare, and waking him up could be dangerous.

 

“Go! Run!” Harry shouted, “I’ll hold him off.”

 

“Oh, sweet Salazar,” Daphne whispered. Harry wasn’t having any nightmare; he was having a nightmare about what had happened to his parents happening to them. To them and Teddy. Whatever they had done to him at selection, it had brought back terrible memories and perhaps even triggered PTSD that he thought he had overcome.

 

Daphne didn’t know what to do; this wasn’t just a nightmare; it was a night terror. Her sister used to have them as a child, and they were always about the fire that had devastated their house and nearly killed them. Astoria would scream and cry, but she couldn’t be woken. All Daphne could do was hold her while she flailed and be there for her when she eventually awoke.

 

Daphne tried that with Harry, but the minute she touched him, he got violent. It seemed to make his night terror worse, he shouted louder and punched Daphne in the face as he waved his arms around. Daphne drew back and touched her nose; it was tender and bleeding.

 

She sighed and got to her feet. She sat down on a stool in front of her dresser and fixed her nose with magic. Then she looked over at Harry and let her head drop into her hands. She had expected this; she thought that the real world might break him. She had worried that when he didn’t have Hogwarts to fall back on, all of this would come back to hit him.

 

It was made worse by the fact that Daphne knew exactly what he was going through right now, but she had no idea how she could help him. During the war, she had been the victim of a nightmare curse which had trapped her in her own personal hell. She had done terrible things, and although it hadn’t been real, she remembered it all. Harry was putting himself through hell right now, and she couldn’t do anything about it.

 

Harry screamed, “NO!” then woke up with a start.

 

Daphne immediately moved over to the bed and grabbed his arm as he breathed heavily. He yanked his arm out of her grip and jumped back.

 

“It’s okay baby,” Daphne said softly, “It’s just me.”

 

Harry tried to catch his breath, “I…”

 

“You were having a night terror,” Daphne said softly, “It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”

 

Harry nodded and wiped the sweat from his brow, “It…uh…they stopped when I went back to school.”

 

“I know it was about Teddy and me,” Daphne said gently, “You said our names.”

 

Harry pushed himself to his feet and grabbed a dressing gown from the back of the door, “Yeah, it was,” he said, keeping his back to her.

 

“Do you want to talk about it?” Daphne asked.

 

“No,” Harry said harshly, “Just go back to sleep, okay? I’m sorry that I woke you up.”

 

“Harry-”

 

“I just want to be alone, Daphne!” Harry snapped, “And I don’t want to go back to sleep. I’ll see you in the morning.”

 

He slipped out of the room, and Daphne threw herself back onto her pillows, not expecting to get any sleep that night.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“I can’t believe I let you talk me into that last night.”

 

Draco grinned over at Hermione as they lay in bed together, “I am so glad I talked you into doing that.”

 

Hermione shook her head. She sat up in bed and tried to fix the mess that was her hair, “If Harry and Daphne ever find out…”

 

“Don’t worry, they won’t,” Draco said with a smile, “I only brag to Theo about how good you are in the bedroom.”

 

Hermione snorted in amusement.

 

Draco chuckled, “I never even got to finish telling you about the selection process last night, you distracted me.”

 

“I think you will find,” Hermione said as she got to her feet, “That you distracted me.”

 

“True,” Draco said with a sly smile, “Do you want to hear the rest?”

 

“Of course I do,” Hermione said.

 

“I was telling you about the mental tests, wasn’t I?” Draco asked.

 

“Yes, you had just told me about the moral compass test,” Hermione said as she sat down at her vanity and began to glamour herself up for the day ahead.

 

“Ah, yes,” Draco nodded, “So after that, I had to defeat a Dementor, then a Boggart.”

 

“Well both of them are fairly straightforward,” Hermione said, “Depending on the form your Boggart takes of course.”

 

“Yeah,” Draco said with a frown, “My worst fear these days is very psychological.”

 

Hermione turned around to look at him, “Go on…”

 

“My worst fear is that I become my father,” Draco admitted.

 

Hermione sighed, “Oh Draco, you know that will never happen. Don’t you?”

 

“Clearly not, or it wouldn’t be my worst fear,” Draco pointed out.

 

“Your father was a cruel, vindictive man, but you are nothing like him,” Hermione said, “Despite his best efforts, you are a good man.”

 

Draco frowned, “Do you really believe that?”

 

“Of course I do,” Hermione said, “I don’t know why you doubt it all of a sudden.”

 

“The Aurors, they made me doubt it,” Draco admitted, “They asked me how I had made you fall in love with me…whether it was a love potion or a compulsion charm.”

 

Hermione scoffed, “And you let that get to you?”

 

“Well they have a point,” Draco said.

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at him, “If you used a love potion on me, you are dead meat.”

 

“No, that’s not what I mean,” Draco said as he shook his head, “The point they were making was that you are this beautiful, intelligent war heroine and I’m…me. I know that it’s working now, but it’s never going to work in the long-run, is it? I mean, how would we explain to our kids that my father is responsible for that scar on your arm? What would you do when they went to Hogwarts and got treated like shit because their dad was a Death Eater? You don’t want that kind of life.”

 

“Since when do you get to tell me what kind of life I do or don’t want?” Hermione asked hotly.

 

“Hermione, I know you think you love me now, but I’m afraid that if I don’t let you go, you’re going to grow to resent me,” Draco admitted quietly.

 

“Stop trying to tell me how I’m going to feel,” Hermione said irritably, “You don’t know how I’ll feel in five or ten or fifty bloody years any more than I do. I know there are going to be challenges ahead, but there were challenges when we first got together, and we got past them.”

 

“This is different, Hermione,” Draco said with a sigh, “A life with me is a life with a lot of baggage. It’s not the perfect, happy life you would have had with Ron.”

 

“I wouldn’t have had a perfect, happy life with Ron because I didn’t love Ron!” Hermione exclaimed, “I love you, despite everything! I know I shouldn’t, and sometimes I don’t know why I fell in love with you. I like everything in my life to be rational, but what I feel for you isn’t, I can’t explain it because it’s not something I think, it’s something I feel.”

 

“Only you could come up with a logical argument then finish it with something completely illogical,” Draco said with a fond smile.

 

“Don’t smile at me like that,” Hermione said irritably, “Five minutes ago you were talking like you were going to leave me, and now you’re giving me that bloody smile?”

 

“I’m sorry,” Draco said sincerely, “I just…they got in my head.”

 

“Yeah, I can see that,” Hermione said, she was still worked up, and Draco knew he was going to feel the consequences of speaking his mind for at least a day, “I thought you were smarter than that. Since when do you let people get in your head?”

 

“When it concerns you and what’s best for you, I can’t help it,” Draco said honestly, “I didn’t realise it until this weekend but Hermione, you’re my biggest weakness.”

 

“I hate you.”

 

“No, you don’t,” Draco said with a smile, “You love me.”

 

Hermione groaned, “You can’t just nearly leave me and then say stuff like that, Draco!”

 

“Why not?”

 

“Because!” Hermione exclaimed, “Mixed signals!”

 

“Why don’t you come back to bed?” Draco suggested, “Then I can make sure you know exactly where you stand.”

 

Hermione scoffed, “After that? No chance.”

 

Draco groaned as Hermione began to throw some clothes on, “I’m going to see my mother for a few days.”

 

“Come on! I didn’t mean to piss you off!” Draco exclaimed.

 

“You have pissed me off, but that’s not why I’m going,” Hermione muttered, “It’s her birthday tomorrow, remember?”

 

“Shit, yeah. Well, I’ll come with you-”

 

“No, you won’t,” Hermione said simply. “I will go alone because you have pissed me off.”

 

“Fine,” Draco muttered, “I’ll stay at Greengrove house with my mother for a few days then.”

 

“You do that.”

 

“I will.”

 

“Fine.”

 

“Fine!”

 

 

When Daphne stepped into the kitchen the following morning, there was no sign of Harry. She sighed and set the kettle on the stove to boil. There was a note on the larder door which she scanned,

 

Daph,

 

Draco is a dick, I’m staying with my parents for a couple of days, and he is at Greengrove House.

 

See you soon

Hermione x

 

Daphne sighed; it seemed like everyone was fighting. She had worried that this might happen after school. She had faith in Theo and Sadie, but the rest of them had been living in a little bubble where their Hogwarts house, blood status and class didn’t matter. Out here in the real world, it did, whether they liked it or not.

 

She cast it out of her mind and opened up a new carton of coffee. When she opened the bin to throw away the foil lid, her heart sank when she saw an empty bottle of Ogdens in the bin. She abandoned her coffee and sat down at the breakfast bar; she was trying very hard to hold it together.

 

“He was a mess last night.”

 

Daphne looked up at the only portrait that hung in the kitchen. Most of the paintings were in a place of honour, such as the entrance hall or the drawing-room. The kitchen was traditionally the domain of the lesser, so only one portrait hung there, and there was no name attached to it.

 

It just struck Daphne that she had no idea who the woman in the portrait was. She was beautiful, with long blonde hair and grey eyes.

 

The portrait woman wore a simple black and white dress with ribbons on the sleeves. She looked to be in her mid 20’s.

 

“I do not tend to talk to the occupants of the house,” She said, “Sorry mistress, but it seemed as though you needed a friend.”

 

“I do,” Daphne agreed, “And forgive me for not knowing, but who are you?”

 

“My name is Anastasia,” She said with a kind smile, “But most people call me Ana.”

 

“Why do you not talk to the occupants of the house?” Daphne asked curiously, “And why did you refer to me as mistress?”

 

Ana smiled sadly, “I was a squib, mistress. I was born a Malfoy, and my family were ashamed of me.”

 

“You were born a squib, and you lived?” Daphne asked in surprise.

 

Ana nodded, “Yes, my father was Hyperion Malfoy. I was his eldest child, by the time he realised that I was a squib, he had lost several children, and he could not bear to lose more.”

 

“Of course,” Daphne realised, “Abraxas was the only surviving child of several.”

 

“Between myself and Abraxas, there were three children born sleeping or who died in infancy,” Ana explained, “And my younger brother, Alaric, he died in the final days of the Great Muggle War.”

 

“I’m sorry, Ana, that’s terrible,” Daphne said. The kettle screeched to a boil, and Daphne removed it from the stove, “So if you’re a Malfoy, how did your portrait end up in Potter Manor?”

 

Ana replied with a sad smile, “My father was going to cast me out when I did not receive a Hogwarts letter, but Elijah Potter offered to take me on as help. I was eleven when I moved into Potter Manor and Elijah’s son, Charlus was significantly older than me, but we fell in love. It began when I was 16, and as I was both a servant and a squib, it was highly frowned upon. Charlus was married off to Dorea Black in 1914, as soon as she turned 18.”

 

Daphne nodded knowingly, and Ana continued, “She knew of our affair and put up with it. Charlus’s father disapproved, but he died young, and Charlus became head of the family the year after he married Dorea. When I died of dragon pox, I was only in my 20’s and Charlus wanted a portrait of me to be placed in the manor, but Dorea was against the idea.”

 

“So you ended up in the kitchens,” Daphne realised.

 

“My rightful place, as far as Dorea was concerned,” Anastasia said simply.

 

“That’s awful,” Daphne said, she sipped her coffee, “I’m sorry.”

 

“It is quite alright, mistress.”

 

“Don’t call me that,” Daphne said with a shake of her head, “I’m not your mistress. I’m Daphne, and you’re Ana.”

 

Ana smiled, “You are very kind, and I am sorry that you are suffering right now.”

 

Daphne sighed, “It is what it is, Harry has had a hard life. He’s fought a war, and now he’s…”

 

“An alcoholic?” Ana asked.

 

“I don’t know, I’m starting to think so,” Daphne said, resting her head in her hands.

 

“He was distraught last night,” Ana said quietly, “He was drinking, crying and talking to himself an awful lot. He reminded me of Charlus.”

 

“Was Charlus an alcoholic?” Daphne asked in surprise.

 

“No, but he was a war veteran,” Anastasia replied, “He was 20 years old at the start of the Great Muggle War which killed my brother. I was only 14; I stayed here while the men fought. Charlus served his country; he was a dragon rider.”

 

“Sweet Salazar,” Daphne muttered, “A dragon rider? So the aerial attacks on the German trenches, Charlus participated in that?”

 

Ana bowed her head, “Charlus saw awful things, and he was never the same after the war. Perhaps Harry could spend some time in the study with him? His grand portrait hangs in the entrance hall, but there is another in the study.”

 

“I need to get through to Harry first,” Daphne said as she pushed herself to her feet, “But I think that is a wonderful idea Ana, and please don’t think that you should sit quietly in your frame. You might never have been allowed to marry into the family, but you are a Potter. You have as much right to be here as we do.”

 

“I wish that were so,” Ana said with a sad smile, “But I cannot leave my portrait. That was one of the conditions that Dorea gave when she allowed Charlus to commission it. He could come to the kitchen and talk to me, but after he died, I could no longer converse with him.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Do you know what? Once I’ve gotten Harry back to himself again, I’m going to have to have a word with this Dorea Black.”

 

“I would not do so if I were you,” Ana said, “She is a very difficult woman.”

 

“Oh, don’t worry about that,” Daphne said, “I have experience with that sort, my mother is one.”

 

Ana laughed, “I like you, Daphne.”

 

“I like you too, Ana.”

 

 

Daphne was almost hopeful that Harry had realised he had a problem when he called a family meeting that afternoon. But it turned out to be about Ginny and Blaise. He had gathered everyone together to tell them that Blaise and Ginny were getting married on Wednesday, which was two days away. He filled everyone in, on how technically they were already married but that Molly wanted to give Ginny a big, white wedding.

 

Then Daphne and Hermione filled the boys and Lilly and Sadie in on what had happened at the Burrow while they were away at selection. The summary of the meeting was that they all had to go and be as supportive as possible because they owed that to Ginny or Blaise, depending on which side of the Gryffindor/Slytherin divide they had been on during the war.

 

Daphne tried to talk to Harry again that evening, but he just pushed her out again. He started coming to bed later than her, and when she rolled over to hug him in the middle of the night, she could smell firewhiskey on his breath.

 

She knew she had to talk to him about it, she knew she had to do something, but in the end, it all came to a head-on Ginny’s wedding day.

 

Daphne was getting ready for the wedding at No. 11 Grimmauld Place with Sadie. She was sitting in front of a vanity brushing her long hair out when she noticed a slight mark on her face. She leant forward and touched it gently; it still felt tender.

 

“What’s that, honey?”

 

Daphne looked up, “What, Sade?”

 

“The mark on your nose,” Sadie replied.

 

“Oh, it was broken. I fixed it with magic, but it still twinges,” Daphne frowned.

 

“How did you break it?”

 

“Harry was having a night terror, and I tried to wake him up. He didn’t mean it.”

 

Sadie put down the dresses she had been examining and looked at her best friend, “Daphne, that sounds far too much like ‘I fell down the stairs’ for my liking.”

 

“No, Sade, he doesn’t hurt me, I swear,” Daphne promised as she got to her feet, “But he’s not himself right now either.”

 

“How so?” Sadie asked.

 

“He drinks too much,” Daphne sighed, “I don’t know if I could call him an alcoholic, but he’s definitely alcohol dependant. He doesn’t drink to get through the day, but he does it to get through the night.”

 

“That’s understandable though,” Sadie reasoned, “With all that he has been through.”

 

“It’s not normal though,” Daphne argued, “And it’s spiralling.”

 

Sadie opened her mouth to say something, but before she could, a voice came from the doorway, “He is.”

 

“Theo!” Sadie exclaimed, “We’re in our underwear.”

 

“And?” Theo asked as he stepped into the room and handed Daphne a silk robe, “You’re my wife, Sadie, and I’ve seen it all before, Daph. I’ve caught you in many a compromising position.”

 

Daphne smiled weakly and put the robe on, “You agree with me, Theo? About Harry?”

 

“Yeah,” Theo said honestly, “Ever since we left school, he has been drinking more. He’s always the one who suggests that we open another bottle. He goes way too hard at every party; he has a problem.”

 

Daphne breathed a sigh of relief and pulled Theo into a hug, “Thank you, Theo. I was starting to think that I was going crazy.”

 

“No, Daph,” Theo said when she drew back, “You aren’t, and Harry needs help before we start Auror training, or this will fuck up his career.”

 

“I’ve tried, Theo,” Daphne said honestly, “Every time I mention it, he closes up more, and I think I’m doing more harm than good.”

 

Theo looked hesitant for a moment then bit his lip, “Sade, babe, don’t take this the wrong way, okay?”

 

Sadie raised an eyebrow at her husband, “Okay.”

 

Theo turned back to Daphne, “I know it’s not the same, I know they aren’t as close as us, but Harry and Neville are similar to Draco and I. And if I was in Harry’s position…well, Harry’s a smart guy like me, so I think I understand the way he’s thinking here. If it were me, I would be aware that I had a problem even if I was trying my hardest to deny it to myself. I wouldn’t want to mix Sadie up in my mess. I wouldn’t want to tangle her up in it and hurt her. I would push her away to protect her, and I think the only person who could get through to me would be Draco.”

 

Sadie smiled slightly, “I’m not offended, Theo. I learned a long time ago that sometimes Draco can get through to you when I can’t. Don’t you remember what you said when you woke up after we rescued you from the Dark Tower?”

 

Theo frowned, “No…what did I say?”

 

Sadie smiled, “You said you loved us. Not that you loved me, or that you loved Draco. But that you loved us and that just sums it all up perfectly doesn’t it?”

 

“Yeah,” Theo mused, “I suppose it does.”

 

“And it gives me a perfect insight into how he’s thinking right now,” Daphne added, “Thank you, Theo, you can be a right arsehole sometimes, but I’m glad that we’re family, you know?”

 

Theo smiled warmly, “You just called us family.”

 

“I know, I don’t do it very often-” Daphne began.

 

“You avidly deny it most of the time,” Sadie snorted.

 

Daphne chuckled and kissed Theo on the cheek, “I know, but you are my cousin, and I’m proud of that right now.”

 

Sadie smiled at the sight, “Finally! It only took you guys eight years to start getting on!”

 

Daphne chuckled and glanced at the clock, “Oh shit, look at the time. We better hurry up and get ready!”

 

 

“I can’t quite believe we’re at Ginny’s wedding,” Harry murmured to Daphne later that day. The ceremony had just finished, but it had all been for show because they had already had the real service at the ministry the week before.

 

It was a small affair. It was just the close friends of Ginny and Blaise, the Weasley’s and the Zabini’s. Aunt Muriel hadn’t been invited, and Harry suspected that it was a good thing given how stubborn she could be.

 

“If Molly had her way, this would have been your wedding,” Daphne said dryly. Things had been strained between them all day. Tension about Harry’s alcohol intake had been simmering underneath the surface.

 

Harry frowned, “What do you mean?”

 

“At the Burrow on Sunday,” Daphne answered quietly, “She said that none of this would ever have happened if Ginny had just married you like she was supposed to.”

 

“She said that in front of you?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

“Don’t worry, I stuck up for myself,” Daphne said. She smiled as Percy waved at her from the other side of the garden, “And so did Percy,” she added, waving back.

 

Harry smiled, “He’s good for Suse.”

 

“He’s brilliant for her,” Daphne agreed, “I hope they last.”

 

“Yeah me too,” Harry said as they stood in the garden while the Weasley men lit a massive barbeque. This wasn’t anything too fancy, just a barbecue with a party in the garden to follow. The point was that they could say that Ginny had a wedding, that she had been married properly.

 

It was apparent now that Ginny was pregnant, the baby was due in October, so she did only have two and a half months to go. She was wearing a lovely red dress with a sequinned bust with a silken skirt that flowed down over her bump. Daphne followed Harry’s line of sight, “Do you wish you had married her?”

 

“What?” This drew Harry back into the present, “No, I don’t wish I’d married her. I was just smiling because I’m happy to see her happy after this whole thing.”

 

Daphne sighed and nodded, “I’m going to catch up with Bill. I want to talk to him about my training course.”

 

“Daphne-”

 

“Just go talk to Draco or something,” Daphne muttered as she walked away.

 

Harry shook his head at her and grabbed a beer from the ice bucket, which was a paddling pool filled with beer and ice water.

 

“Hey, Harry!”

 

Harry smiled, “Hey, Blanche.”

 

“So you’re an honorary Weasley, so I hear?” Blanche asked conversationally as she grabbed a beer.

 

“Kind of,” Harry laughed, “Who said that?”

 

“Ginny,” Blanche replied. She cocked her head and looked up at Ginny, who was holding Blaise’s hand and smiling as she spoke to Zara, “She’s radiant, isn’t she?”

 

“Glowing,” Harry said with a smile, “She suits pregnancy.”

 

Blanche nodded thoughtfully, “She’s living with us at the moment. She doesn’t want to move back in here. I have no idea what they will do when the baby is born. They were given a plot of land when they were married, but it takes time to build a house.”

 

“Oh, she’ll probably stay with you guys,” Harry said honestly, “The Burrow has always been a bit crowded for her. I imagine you live in a huge house?”

 

“It’s comfortable,” Blanche agreed.

 

“At least Molly saw the error of her ways,” Harry said as he looked at the redheaded woman. She was talking to Arthur at the other side of the garden, “The last thing I wanted to see was the Weasley family splitting in half over a difference of opinions.”

 

Blanche nodded and said, “Anyway, it was nice seeing you. Talk to you at training!”

 

 

“Harry, you’re drunk.”

 

Harry snorted and shook his head at Daphne, “No, I’m not. I’m just having a good time, is that illegal?”

 

It was late, and the wedding was coming to an end. Ginny and Blaise had left a while ago, but Ginny was heavily pregnant, so that hadn’t come as a surprise. Most of the Weasley men were still going strong, but it was pitch-black, and the garden was only lit by the moon and the fairy-lights.

 

“Harry,” Daphne sighed, “We need to go home-”

 

“You go home,” Harry said, “I’m having fun. I’ve just been chatting to Charlie about dragons, eh Char?”

 

“Yeah,” Charlie said, glancing between Harry and his fiancé, “But you are a bit drunk, Harry-”

 

“I’m not fucking drunk! I’ve barely even had that much to bloody drink!” Harry snapped, “Why are you all attacking me right now, huh?”

 

“Harry-”

 

Harry opened his mouth to shout some more, but before he could, someone said, “Stupefy.”

 

Harry fell to the ground, and Lilly stepped over him, “I’ll help you get him home, Daph.”

 

“Thanks, Lil,” Daphne said gratefully.

 

“Sorry, Daphne,” Charlie said, “Georgie and I shouldn’t have introduced him to beer pong.”

 

“It’s not your fault that he doesn’t know when to stop Charlie,” Daphne said as she grabbed one of Harry’s arms and Lilly grabbed the other.

 

They dragged him out of the garden then side-apparated him back to Potter Manor. Daphne levitated him up the stairs and threw him into his bed. When she got back into the entrance hall., Lilly took her hand and dragged her into the drawing-room. She forced her into a seat and clicked her fingers.

 

Kreacher appeared.

 

“Hey Kreacher,” Lilly said with a kind smile, “Would you mind getting some tea for your mistress? She has had an awful evening.”

 

“Of course Mistress Daphne,” Kreacher said. He bowed loudly then disappeared with a crack.

 

“Daphne,” Lilly said, kneeling in front of her friend's chair, “What’s going on?”

 

“I think Harry’s an alcoholic,” Daphne finally blurted out, and with the words, came tears that she had been holding back for weeks.

 

“Oh Daph,” Lilly rose to her feet and sat down next to her friend. She wrapped her arms around her and said, “Yeah, I think he might be too.”

 

“Do you?” Daphne asked, looking at Lilly through her tears.

 

Lilly nodded, “My parents split up when I was little, and my mum has dated scumbag after scumbag since then. I know the signs, and I was starting to think that Harry showed more than a few of them.”

 

“My father was alcohol dependant,” Daphne said tearfully, “And I can’t be with someone like him Lilly…I just can’t.”

 

“Maybe we can help.”

 

Lilly looked up at the portrait of the Marauders. It hung in the middle of the drawing-room, and at the moment, all four occupants stood at the front of the frame.

 

Daphne wiped her tears and got to her feet, “How so?”

 

“Well, if it was me…” James said, “As much as I love my Lily-flower, it would take Sirius cursing me in the nuts and calling me a prick to make me realise that I needed to change.”

 

“And I would be more than willing to do that,” Sirius piped up.

 

Remus smiled sadly, “He needs Neville. Just like I needed Sirius when I went off the deep end after the first war.”

 

This surprised Daphne, “You were an alcoholic Remus?”

 

Remus nodded and bowed his head shamefully, “After James and Lily died, and Sirius was imprisoned, I had nothing. I was an alcoholic for several years. I tried to drink myself to death until Dumbledore brought me back to my senses and offered me a job at Hogwarts.”

 

Daphne sighed and nodded, “I get it.”

 

“Come back to Longbottom House,” Lilly said softly, “You shouldn’t be here alone with him right now. Not with all of this going on. Let him sober up and come back in the morning. Hopefully, you will be able to have a reasonable conversation with him then.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne said, “I will, thanks, Lil.”

 

 

“Are you sure you don’t want me to come back with you?”

 

Daphne shook her head and slipped her shoes on. She had spent the night at Longbottom House, but now Neville and Lilly were anxious about her leaving.

 

“I need to talk to him on my own first, Neville,” Daphne said, “But I will leave the floo open, and if things get heated, you guys can come through. Okay?”

 

“Okay,” Neville agreed.

 

Lilly kissed her on the cheek and said, “I hope it goes well.”

 

Daphne nodded and threw some floo powder into the fireplace. She stepped into it and said, “Potter Manor.”

 

When she stepped out into the drawing-room, she felt sick at the sight before her. Harry was sitting in an armchair drinking, and it was barely lunchtime.

 

“Where the hell were you last night?” Harry asked when he saw her.

 

“Where the hell was I last night?” Daphne fumed, “Who the hell were you last night? I’ve had enough of this! My father was an alcoholic, and regardless of what you say or what you tell yourself, you are too!”

 

“I’m not an alcoholic,” Harry scoffed, “And I’m nothing like your father. So what if I have a drink some nights-”

 

“You don’t have a drink some nights; you have a drink every night!” Daphne fumed, “And that was how it started with my father. He had a drink every night before bed, and the next thing I knew, he was so blind drunk that he was setting fire to the fucking house with his children inside it! I hated my father, Harry. I can’t live with someone like him and I certainly cannot someone like him.”

 

“So you’re breaking up with me now?” Harry asked in disbelief, “What the fuck is wrong with you?”

 

The floo roared, and Neville stepped into the drawing-room, “What the fuck is wrong with you?” he countered. Lilly slipped into the room after him and took Daphne’s hand, she was shaking, partly with rage and partly because she was upset.

 

“Nothing is wrong with me!” Harry snapped, “I’m fine! I am absolutely fine! I like a drink before bed, so what? I like a drink to celebrate, so I’m a fucking alcoholic now, am I?”

 

“Harry James Potter!”

 

The shrill yell made him freeze for a moment. When he turned around, his mother was standing at the front of the Marauders portrait, and she looked infuriated, “Listen to your friends because what they are telling you is the truth, whether you want to hear it or not! Deep down, you know that!”

 

“You need help, son,” James agreed.

 

“And you’ve got a good lad there whose willing to help you,” Sirius said, nudging his head in the direction of Neville.

 

“Accept his help, Harry,” Remus said, “Don’t push it away because if you keep pushing people away, you won’t have anyone and you will end up alone like I was. But it will be by choice rather than circumstance.”

 

Harry looked down at his hands, they were shaking, and he felt his anger turn to grief. He looked up at Neville and said, “Neville…just…just get me out of here, please.”

 

Neville nodded and stepped forward, “Come on,” he said, putting an arm around Harry and leading him out into the entrance hall. The door to the manor slammed shut, and Daphne sank into an armchair.

 

Lilly summoned Kreacher and asked him to make tea. Then she sat down with her friend.

 

“Where the hell have they gone?” Daphne asked Lilly.

 

Lilly replied, “This is something that they have talked about. At the end of the day, Draco and Theo are both powerful wizards, but Harry and Neville are far more powerful. They know that if either of them loses control of their magic, it would be catastrophic, so they agreed on a safe place.”

 

Daphne frowned, and Lilly continued, “Somewhere they could go where nobody would get hurt because they know that the only person who could stop them or help them in that situation is the other one.”

 

“Why didn’t I know that?” Daphne asked tearfully, “You and Neville have been together for less time than Harry and I, but you knew all about that. Why didn’t he tell me?”

 

Lilly smiled sadly, “Because he wants to protect you from all of that, Daphne. He loves being the man that you love, but he’s ashamed of the person he was before that. What you need to remember is that although you and Harry both fought in the war, you fought separate battles. Whereas Neville and I, we fought together. I know he wanted to protect me but he couldn’t because I snuck back into school when I shouldn’t have been there to fight for what was right. He had no choice but to let me fight, and he hated that. Back then, we had to be completely honest with each other. I had to tell him things he didn’t want to hear, and he had to tell me some unpleasant truths too. We tell each other everything, and that has carried on into our relationship. It’s not always a good thing, sometimes you need to be able to tell each other little white lies, but Neville and I aren’t very good at that.”

 

Daphne just sighed.

 

“Harry knows he has a problem, and he’s scared,” Lilly said softly, “He doesn’t want to hurt you, and he doesn’t want to tangle you up in his emotional drama, so he’s pushing you away.”

 

“Do you think Neville can get through to him?” Daphne asked quietly.

 

“Honestly?” Lilly said, “I think we already have. Otherwise, Harry would never have done what he just did. It took him realising that we were right to let the anger ebb away. As soon as the anger went, the grief hit him, and that’s when he loses control of his magic.”

 

Daphne sighed, “Do you think he’ll be okay?”

 

“He’s with Neville,” Lilly smiled, “Of course he’ll be okay.”

 

 

Neville knew that Harry was upset, but he had to let all of the anger out before he would allow himself to cry about it.

 

“You are an alcoholic, Harry,” Neville said as they stood in the middle of a desert together, “Stop denying it. You rely on alcohol to sleep; you use it to numb all the pain.”

 

Harry shook his head, “I’m not an alcoholic, Neville! I could stop drinking whenever I want.”

 

“Well stop then,” Neville said simply.

 

“I will.”

 

“You won’t,” Neville said firmly, “Because it goes beyond that. You drink because you have PTSD, Harry. You had it after the war, and we all thought it went away, but maybe Hogwarts just kept it bay for a while. You need to stop drinking, and you need help because we didn’t go through the war and survive just for you to fall off the fucking deep end now!”

 

Neville could see that Harry’s anger was building.

 

“Think about Daphne,” Neville said, “Think about how much losing her is going to hurt because you are going to lose her. She doesn’t want to marry a waste of space alcoholic like her father. Did you even realise that you broke her nose the other night? She tried to bring you out of one of your nightmares, and you flailed and broke her nose. And do you know what she did? She didn’t get angry like any normal person would. She fixed her nose, and she still tried to help you, but then you shoved her away and went to drink a bottle of firewhiskey. What part of that do you think is normal, exactly?”

 

Harry’s hands began to glow.

 

“And think about Teddy,” Neville continued, “Think about your godson. Think about how much he needs you because if you carry on down this road, you will never be allowed to adopt him.”

 

Neville cast the most powerful shield charm that he knew, and strengthened it with another over the top just for good measure, “Think about the people you love and stop being such a selfish fucking bastard!”

 

Harry lost it, and an almighty explosion wracked the desert. The sandstorm it whipped up would die out before it reached civilisation at least. As the sand cleared, Neville saw the size of the crater that Harry’s loss of control had created. It was deep and wide, and at the bottom of it, Harry had curled himself up into the foetal position. Neville sighed and scurried and slid down the crater to the bottom.

 

Harry was conscious, but he was also hysterical. His clothes were singed, and tears were streaming down his face.

 

“I can’t lose them, Neville,” Harry whispered, “My selection tests, the mental ones…they were all about losing people I love. I can’t lose Daphne, and I can’t lose Teddy, I can’t lose you. I just can’t.”

 

“You won’t,” Neville murmured as he pulled Harry to his feet.

 

The shorter man was shaky on his feet. Neville held him tightly, “You won’t lose any of us, Harry. The war is over.”

 

Harry just continued to cry.

 

“It’s over, Harry,” Neville whispered, shutting his eyes tightly as he calmed his best friend down, “Come on, you need to go home.”

 

Harry didn’t object. He let Neville side-apparate him back to Potter Manor. Neville forced him onto a bench in the garden, and they sat in silence for a long moment.

 

“I’m sorry.”

 

“You don’t have anything to be sorry for,” Neville said as he turned to look at his friend, “It’s going to be okay.”

 

Harry wiped his tears away with the singed sleeve of his shirt, “Is it?”

 

Neville nodded, “Yeah, it is. Because from now on, you’re going to be honest with yourself and with the people who love you. Daphne is going to be okay, and she’s going to help you through this. Then when you get through this, you’ll be able to adopt Teddy, and that will bring a whole lot of sunshine to your life.”

 

Harry managed a small smile at those words.

 

Neville put his arm around his friend, “You need to stop drinking though because the man you are becoming…that’s not the kind of Dad that Teddy needs. He needs a Dad that he can rely on and be proud of and that’s the Harry Potter I know underneath all of this shit. Okay?”

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah.”

 

“And it’s not the kind of Husband Daphne needs,” Neville continued, “She needs the Harry that she fell in love with and that’s the man you truly are, not this. This is just how you are manifesting your PTSD from the war, and you know how to get over that. Don’t you?”

 

“I need to stop drinking,” Harry murmured.

 

“And you need help,” Neville said, “It doesn’t matter who you let help you. Whether you go to St. Mungo’s or talk to Daphne, or me.”

 

“As soon as I stop drinking, the nightmares will come back,” Harry said, dropping his head into his hands.

 

“I know,” Neville said honestly, “I know they will and when you stop being an idiot and let Daphne in, she can help with that.”

 

Harry sighed; it was the world-weary sigh of an older man, not a young man with his life ahead of him.

 

Neville grabbed his best friends hand, “And Harry?”

 

Harry looked over at him.

 

“I’m here,” Neville said sincerely, “I’m always here and I would always rather that you came to me than turned to a bottle of Ogdens. I’m a real living human who loves you and who wants to see you get past this. I don’t care if it’s the middle of the night, if you feel like you need a drink, don’t touch the bottle. Come to me instead, and I don’t give a shit what time of night it is. I’ll duel you if you’re angry, I’ll hug you if you need to cry. I’ll listen if you need to talk and I’ll make sure you realise that it’s not alcohol you should depend on when you’re depressed, it’s me. Okay?”

 

“Thanks, Nev,” Harry said with a weak smile, “I just…I can’t cope. If it’s a dark wizard, I can throw a spell at it, but I don’t know how to deal with this.”

 

“That’s why we’re here. We’re not just your friends, we’re your family,” Neville promised him, “And we all have things from the war that we struggle to deal with. Do you know what mine is?”

 

Harry shook his head and leant back against the cold, metal bench.

 

“After Greyback attacked Lavender, she was still alive,” Neville said as he stared straight ahead, “And she begged me to kill her. That was why they gave me that morality test because, in the morality test, I had to make that call about you. I had to stop your heart, and you were telling me to tell Daphne you were sorry that the last thing you had done was fight. You were telling me to tell Teddy you had died saving muggles or in a dragon attack, something cool, you know?”

 

Harry swallowed hard at that and gripped Neville’s hand more tightly.

 

“And it was unbelievably hard not to lose myself and flashback to the war,” Neville said honestly, “Because Lavender begged me to put her out of her misery. She was in so much pain, her injuries were horrific, and if she had survived them, she would have been a werewolf. That would mean social suicide for her; she’s from a good family, a family that would not accept her, and all Lavender ever wanted was to be accepted and liked. I tell myself that on the days when I need to convince myself that I did the right thing because, of course, I have days like that. There are nights when I wake up in a cold sweat, and I see her standing at the edge of my bed because what I did haunts me.”

 

“I’m so sorry, Nev.”

 

Neville shook his head, “But it had to be done. We all did what had to be done, and we all struggle with the consequences of that. Hermione wakes up from nightmares screaming Draco’s name, and it’s not ‘Draco’ she’s saying, it’s ‘Malfoy’ because she’s right back in that drawing-room. And Draco has to comfort her through that, despite the immense guilt he feels. Draco is still haunted by Pansy’s death, and Daphne feels responsible for Tracey’s. Sometimes you overlook that because you get wrapped up in your own drama. But from everything I know, Daphne and Tracey were like a female Draco and Theo. Daphne will never forget her, and sometimes she writes letters to her because she wants to find a way to talk to her best friend. I hate to call you selfish because you really aren’t. You saved our entire world, and you were willing to die to do that because you loved all of us so much. But sometimes I think you forget that we all love you just as much too.”

 

Harry smiled genuinely and got to his feet, “Yeah, I do forget, and I shouldn’t. Thank you, Nev. You’re a lot stronger than me where all of this is concerned, you know?”

 

Neville shook his head, “Nah, I’m not. Come on; you’re Harry Potter.”

 

“And you’re Neville Longbottom,” Harry said, he smiled at his best friend, “The bravest guy I know.”

 

Neville got to his feet and pulled Harry into a hug, “Harry, I can’t deal with this.”

 

Harry frowned as he drew back, “I know, I’m sorry for-”

 

“No,” Neville cut in, “I mean I can’t deal with all of this emotional, telling each other that we love each other stuff. We’re becoming like Draco and Theo.”

 

“Oh good Godric, we are,” Harry groaned, “We’re not becoming a foursome.”

 

“You sure?” Neville joked, “I mean, your fiancé is pretty hot.”

 

Harry grinned, “Yeah, I know she is, so I’m not sharing her.”

 

“Not even with your best friend?” Neville asked with mock disbelief as they stepped into the entrance hall.

 

“Especially not with my best friend,” Harry snorted.

 

“What are you not sharing with your best friend?”

 

Harry turned to look at Daphne; she was leaning in the door of the drawing-room. She was made up perfectly because she didn’t want Harry to know that she had been crying.

 

“Oh, we were just discussing how we seem to have a more profound bond now,” Neville said with a wave of his hand, “Like Draco and Theo.”

 

“So I was telling Neville that we’re not becoming a foursome,” Harry cut in.

 

“Honestly,” Lilly muttered as she appeared by Daphne’s side, “Does everyone in our friend group have a more ‘profound’ relationship with their best friend? I mean that’s basically just a way of saying I love you, but I don’t want to shag you, right?”

 

“It’s a Potter thing.”

 

Harry laughed and looked at the Marauders portrait. Lily shot a pointed look at James and Sirius.

 

“To be fair, I did want to shag him, but he said he was exclusively straight,” Sirius snorted.

 

“Unlike Remus who is straight unless the guy is Sirius,” James chipped in.

 

“Oh, shut up,” Remus muttered with a roll of his eyes as James and Sirius started bickering.

 

Harry looked away from them and smiled somewhat sadly at Daphne, “I’m sorry.”

 

“I know you are,” Daphne said, drawing him in for a hug.

 

He breathed in deeply and murmured, “I know that things need to change.”

 

Daphne pulled back and kissed him lightly, “They do, and I think I know someone who can help with that.”

 

“Daphne, I can’t go to therapy-”

 

“It’s not therapy,” Daphne promised, “Not in the way that you think. I know a fellow war veteran who might be able to help you.”

 

“Who?” Harry asked with a frown.

 

“That would be me, Harry, my lad.”

 

Harry took a step back into the entrance hall, “Charlus?”

 

Charlus bowed his head, “I fought in the Great Muggle War, Harry. I was young, and I saw horrific things. Your young fiancé asked me if I would converse with you about the things that you saw and I would be more than happy to do so. There is another portrait of me in the study where it is comfortable and secluded.”

 

“Once a week,” Daphne said, eying Harry carefully, “Talk to Charlus, be honest with him, and I think you might be able to start coming to terms with what happened back then.”

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah,” he promised, “I can do that. I owe you that.”

 

Neville smiled and gripped Harry’s shoulder, “Are you two going to be okay?”

 

Harry looked at his fiancé, “Are we?”

 

“Yes,” Daphne promised him, “We’re going to be just fine, Neville.”

 

“We’ll head home then,” Neville said, hooking his arm around Lilly.

 

Lilly smiled at them, “But you know where we are if either of you needs us.”

 

Harry and Daphne nodded as the couple left through the floo. Once they were gone, Harry turned to Daphne and said, “I’m sorry for breaking your nose, Daphne. I didn’t even know until Neville told me and I can’t believe I could do something like that to you-”

 

“No,” Daphne cut in, “You were asleep. It wasn’t your fault.”

 

“All the same, don’t you think I should sleep somewhere else until the nightmares start to ease-”

 

“No,” Daphne interrupted, “I think we should magically expand the bed to ease your worries, but there is no way we are sleeping in separate rooms. I will not let this divide us, do you understand?”

 

Harry nodded, “The nightmares will get worse before they get better.”

 

“Everything always does,” Daphne reasoned, “But just like everything else, we will get through this together. Okay?”

 

Harry nodded once more, “Is there anything I can do to apologise for all I’ve put you through?”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “There is one thing.”

 

“What is it?” Harry asked, hooking his arm through hers as she led him towards the kitchen.

 

“There’s this portrait in the kitchen…”

 

 

“Lil,” Neville said sincerely, “There’s something I need to talk to you about.”

 

“About Harry?” Lilly asked as she set a cup of tea in front of him.

 

“Not really,” Neville frowned, “I mean what happened with Harry and what happened in the selection test triggered it, but…it’s about us.”

 

Lilly looked a little concerned, “Okay?”

 

“Harry is terrified of losing Daphne and Teddy, it’s part of what made him jump off the deep end,” Neville said quietly, “And I reassured him that he doesn’t need to worry about because there isn’t much chance of something happening to them. Daphne’s going to be a curse breaker, and yes the job has a few dangers, but…it’s not the same as what you’re going to be doing. You’re going to be in the thick of it, with spells flying over your head as you heal injured Aurors.

 

Lilly frowned, “I don’t like where you’re going with this, Neville.”

 

“I just want to know if you want to be a trauma healer forever or if this is just an adrenaline rush seeking phase you’re going through at the moment,” Neville said.

 

Lilly’s frown deepened, “I don’t know, and I won’t know until I’ve done it for a while. If I love it, then I don’t see any reason why I would stop doing it.”

 

“I’m not sure I can handle it, Lilly,” Neville said quietly, “I don’t know if I can cope with you putting yourself in danger every day. I don’t know what I would do if something happened to you…if I lost you.”

 

“Neville,” Lilly sighed, “I’m a big girl. I can look after myself. I passed all of the tests, that means I’m capable.”

 

“I know you’re capable,” Neville said honestly, “But my parents passed all of the tests and they were capable. Look what happened to them. I just don’t know if this is going to be the right thing for you, or us.”

 

“Who are you to say whether it’s the right thing for me or not?” Lilly asked as she began to get worked up, “It’s my life, and it’s my choice.”

 

“I’m in your life now Lilly, doesn’t that mean something?” Neville asked hotly.

 

“It doesn’t mean you get to dictate!” Lilly exclaimed, “Maybe you’re used to witches being meek and doing what their other halves want, but I’m not from this victorian world Neville!”

 

“Is that really what you think of me?” Neville asked angrily, “That I’m some old-fashioned pureblood who wants to control you?”

 

“Well, you’ve started to act like one lately!” Lilly bit back, “With your manor and your house-elf and your seat on the Wizengamot. How are you any different to Draco or Theo?”

 

“First of all, I don’t see why you make that an insult,” Neville argued, “Draco and Theo are good to their other halves, they don’t control them. Yes, I have a seat on the Wizengamot which I want to use to bring about change, and yes, I have a Manor, but you picked the house-elf, Lillian!”

 

“That’s not the point and don’t call me Lillian!” Lilly scoffed, “The point is you want to control what job I do. I’ve wanted to be a healer for years, and I’ve gotten into one of the most elite programmes there is! I won’t give that up, not for anything.”

 

“Not even for me?” Neville asked.

 

“Not even for you,” Lilly said firmly, “And if you say that you would give up being an Auror for me, then you’re lying.”

 

“No,” Neville said coldly as he got to his feet, “I wouldn’t be because frankly, you are far more important to me than a job. I would give up anything for you, including being an Auror but since you don’t feel the same, I think I’ll pack a bag and leave for a while.”

 

“Neville-”

 

“I don’t feel like being around you right now,” Neville cut in as he swept out of the room. In minutes he had packed a bag and left, slamming the door loudly behind him

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


Harry sighed heavily when he heard the doorbell ring downstairs.

 

“Draco or Hermione will get it,” Daphne said before he could even think about getting out of bed.

 

“They are out,” Harry mumbled, “I heard them leave.”

 

“Kreacher will get it then,” Daphne said, “So don’t go anywhere.”

 

“Alright,” Harry conceded, he was exhausted both emotionally and physically after the events of the day.

 

Daphne curled up against him and readjusted the book that she had been reading. Harry shut his eyes in the hope that he could get a little sleep; he needed to catch up after such a busy weekend.

 

The moment he had closed his eyes, a loud crack made them pop open.

 

“Kreacher,” Daphne groaned, “Can’t you tell whoever it is to go away?”

 

“No mistress Daphne,” Kreacher said as he hung his head, “Mister Longbottom is here, and he very much insists on seeing Master Harry.”

 

Harry got to his feet, “It must be important, or he wouldn’t be here at this time of night.”

 

“He and Lilly seemed fine when they left earlier,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“I seemed fine until we left school then this happened,” Harry pointed out as he threw a t-shirt on, “Appearances can be deceiving. Tell him I’ll be down in a minute, Kreacher.”

 

“Yes Master Harry,” Kreacher said, he bowed his head once more then disappeared from sight.

 

“I get it, you know?” Daphne said, “And after he saved you from yourself, he deserves any help that you can give him.”

 

“It wasn’t just him,” Harry said, leaning down to kiss his fiance, “It was both of you.”

 

“Don’t say that,” Daphne groaned, “That’s the kind of say Draco and Theo say, and this isn't becoming a foursome!”

 

Harry just chuckled at her expense as he trudged downstairs. When he stepped into the kitchen and saw his friend nursing a cup of tea with bloodshot eyes, he knew that something bad had happened.

 

“What happened?”

 

“Lilly,” Neville said quietly, “I think…well…we…we sort of, broke up.”

 

Harry frowned, “What? But you were fine earlier, and you couldn’t wait to get back to her after while we were away at the weekend. What happened? Did she do something?”

 

“No, she didn’t do anything,” Neville said as he shook his head, “I did. I…well, my selection tests brought some stuff to the surface too. Stuff like I don’t know how I’m going to cope with her being in danger every day. So I…well, I told her that I couldn’t handle her being a trauma healer forever and she said that I couldn’t dictate what she could and couldn’t do with her life.”

 

“Which is fair,” Harry said diplomatically.

 

“I know,” Neville said, “But then she said she really wanted to do it and she wouldn’t give it up for anything, not even me. She said if I said I would give up Auror training for her, then I would be lying but that’s the thing, Harry, I would. I would give up anything for her, and she doesn’t feel the same.”

 

“Shit,” Harry frowned, “That’s not good.”

 

“Exactly,” Neville said with a world-weary sigh.

 

“I mean I don’t know if you want my opinion but if you do,” Harry said slowly, “If you resent her job and she resents you for resenting it…well, that’s not going to leave you in a good place.”

 

“I know that,” Neville said, “But I can’t handle seeing her put her life in danger every day. If something did happen to her in the field and I saw it…I don’t know what I would do.”

 

“I get that,” Harry said honestly, “I mean, you know I do. But at the risk of sounding like an agony aunt Nev, I’m not sure that’s the real problem. I think that’s just what brought the real problem to the fore.”

 

“You think the real problem is that I’m more committed to this than she is,” Neville realised.

 

Harry nodded, “And I know how your brain works. You’re worried that she’s not as committed as you and you’re worried about that just before she’s due to go to France for six months. You’re worried she’ll meet somewhere else there.”

 

“I should have more faith in her though Harry,” Neville said with a frown, “I should trust her.”

 

“Did you have any worries before this argument?” Harry asked.

 

Neville shook his head.

 

“There you go, it stems from the commitment issue,” Harry said, “And to be honest, I don’t know how you can fix that.”

 

“You mean you don’t know if we can,” Neville said quietly, “And I don’t know if we can either, but, I need somewhere to stay.”

 

Harry cocked his head at his best friend, “Don’t you own Longbottom house? Shouldn’t you have kicked Lilly out?”

 

“I left voluntarily,” Neville said honestly, “I have you as an option or I could beg Theo and Sadie to let me stay but Lilly…she doesn’t have anywhere else to go.”

 

“You both have here as an option, not just you,” Harry said honestly, “And you can stay, I mean of course you can stay, Nev. You saved my life today, and there’s not much I wouldn’t do for you but… I really think you need to try and work things out with Lilly. When does she leave?”

 

“A week today,” Neville replied glumly, “But the thing is if she isn’t as committed to our relationship as I am, how are we going to manage six months long-distance?”

 

“I don’t know,” Harry said honestly, “I know that Daphne and I couldn’t handle it, but every couple is different. You should talk to Theo, he and Sadie are going to have to spend weeks apart when she’s in Cairo. If anyone would understand it would be him.”

 

Neville nodded, he sighed heavily, “What room will I stay in?”

 

“Well,” Harry said with a grimace, “Daph and I are on the top floor, and Draco and Hermione are on the second floor so if you want any peace, I would go with the annexe.”

 

“Yeah, I don’t want to be near happy couples right now,” Neville said darkly, “The annexe has its own sitting room, and kitchen doesn’t it?”

 

“It doesn’t have a kitchen, but I can have Kreacher bring you meals,” Harry said as he lifted the bread bin and picked up a key.

 

He threw it at Neville who caught it and began to head towards the door.

 

“Nev,” Harry said before he could leave the room.

 

Neville paused and turned around, “Yeah?”

 

“I do have a master key, so if I don’t see you for a few days, I’ll be checking in,” Harry said, “You looked out for me when I needed it so don’t expect me to do anything less for you.”

 

“I appreciate the thought, but don’t worry Harry, I can handle a little heartbreak,” Neville said somewhat sadly as he disappeared into the annexe.

 

 

“Right!” Harry barked, “Are you all listening?”

 

Everyone fell silent.

 

“I have called this family meeting-”

 

“Harry,” Theo cut in, “Is this becoming a thing? Because you do realise that we’re not actually a family-”

 

“Theo, shut up,” Harry said matter of factly, “We are a family because that goes beyond blood, but if you want to get into blood. Draco, that’s a portrait of your great Aunt up there, a Potter who became a Malfoy.”

 

Elladora waved at Draco from her portrait. She was beautiful, with jet black hair and deep green eyes. This portrait was of her in her late teens, before she had been married off to Abraxas.

 

“And Theo,” Harry said, “See that portrait up there? That’s my great-great-grandfather Elijah Potter with his wife Igraine Nott, the sister of your great-great-grandfather.”

 

“Good to know that we haven’t lost our regal good looks,” Theo joked.

 

Harry smiled, “That woman with the reddish-blonde hair in that portrait? That’s Cordelia Cauldwell. She married Elijah’s younger brother, Nicholas. We all have family in this room, and we are all family which is why family meetings are becoming a thing.”

 

“Where’s Nev then?” Theo asked, “Or is there not a Longbottom portrait which makes him un-invited?”

 

“There is a Longbottom portrait,” Harry remarked calmly, “That’s Harfang II who married Adeline Potter.”

 

“So you're related to everyone, basically?” Hermione asked, with an amused smile.

 

“You included through our side of the family, princess,” Theo said, nudging her in the ribs.

 

“I really hate being a Nott sometimes,” Hermione muttered.

 

“At least we’re not Blacks,” Theo joked.

 

Several portraits objected because they were Blacks and Harry raised his voice again, “Anyway! This has gone off-topic. The first topic of discussion for the family meeting is me. It has come to my attention that I am well on my way to becoming an alcoholic. Daphne and Neville have knocked some common sense into me so I would like to give you all fair warning, I’m going cold turkey here which means I’m going to be having nightmares and not sleeping well, so I apologise in advance if I become a snappy bastard.”

 

Theo smiled proudly, “Well done. That must have been a tough thing to say.”

 

Daphne held Harry’s hand, “But saying it is the first step.”

 

Harry smiled weakly, “Thank you, guys. But if anyone sees me going near a bottle of firewhiskey until I get this under control, you have permission to hex me. Clear?”

 

“Clear!” Theo said.

 

“You don’t have to sound so hopeful, Theo,” Harry snorted, “The second topic of conversation, well that concerns Neville and Lilly’s absence. They have broken up.”

 

A general shout of, “What?” went around the room.

 

“Simmer down!” Harry exclaimed.

 

“We left for a grand total of three days, and we just saw you at Ginny’s wedding. In that time, you have become an alcoholic and Neville, and Lilly have broken up?” Hermione asked in disbelief.

 

“I’ve been an alcoholic for weeks, Hermione,” Harry said sincerely, “I just came to terms with it yesterday. As for Neville and Lilly, it happened yesterday too. Long story short, Neville feels more committed to their relationship than Lilly. It goes deeper than that, but the point of the matter is that Neville is currently living in the annexe.”

 

“So we think someone should go and see Lilly,” Daphne said, “Just to check how she’s coping with the break-up. I thought about going but Sade, you and Hermione are closer to her.”

 

Sadie looked at Hermione, “We all talked in the library, but I think you probably got closer to her than I did in our last year at school.”

 

Hermione nodded, “I’ll go right now. Did Neville let her stay at Longbottom House?”

 

“Yeah, he was worried that she wouldn’t have anywhere else to go,” Harry said.

 

“I’ll see how she is,” Hermione promised, “Don’t wait on me for dinner. I can have mine cold!”

 

She swept out of the room, and Sadie mused, “You know, we should probably start inviting Suse to family meetings, or she’ll start feeling left out.”

 

“Oh, I don’t know about that,” Harry joked, “There’s not a painting of a Bones in Potter Manor.”

 

“Excuse you!”

 

Harry turned around and saw a woman waving at him from a portrait. She had long, deep red curly hair, “Did you just see a ginger portrait and assume it was of a Weasley?”

 

Draco snorted in amusement.

 

“Oh, you’re a Bones?” Harry asked with interest as he glanced at the nameplate attached to the portrait, “Dorothea Bones, you were married to Isaac Potter.”

 

“I was,” Dorothea said, “And I was the first female Auror in the British Ministry. You ought to learn more about your famous relatives.”

 

Harry turned to his sniggering friends and said, “Well, I see where Susan gets it from.”

 

 

“I don’t want to talk to anyone, Hermione.”

 

“I don’t care, Lilly, you need to talk to someone,” Hermione called through the door.

 

“I don’t have to let you in.”

 

“I know plenty of ways to get in,” Hermione remarked.

 

“No, you don’t.”

 

“Yes, I do,” Hermione said, “I’m the smartest witch of my age, remember? I just don’t generally use my magical knowledge to break and enter, and I would prefer not to start now.”

 

There was a click, and the door swung open. Lilly didn’t look like she had been crying, but Hermione could tell that she was upset, “Can I come in?”

 

Lilly sighed, “If you’re here to lecture me then no.”

 

“I’m not here to lecture you,” Hermione promised, “I’m here to make sure that you’re okay.”

 

Lilly obviously believed her because she took a step back and let her walk into the hallway. Hermione made her way straight to the kitchen, and Lilly trudged after her.

 

Hermione could tell that Lilly was channelling her emotions. She was upset, but she didn’t want to break down, so that was coming out as anger.

 

“So,” Hermione said as she filled the kettle and put it on the stove to boil, “I want to hear your side of the story.”

 

“Why? Does Neville’s side paint me as a crazy bitch like Hannah?” Lilly asked.

 

“Lil, you don’t have to be so aggressive,” Hermione said gently, “I haven’t even spoken to Neville yet, so I want to hear how it happened from your point of view.”

 

Lilly sighed deeply and sank into one of the kitchen chairs, “Everything that happened with Harry, you know basically becoming an alcoholic because he’s so scared of something happening to Daphne and Teddy? That got to Neville, and I can understand him being worried about me. He told me I was his weakness which most girls would consider cute, I guess. But then he questioned my career, and I’m sorry Hermione, but who is he to decide what I do with my life?”

 

Hermione nodded, “The career path you chose to go down is completely your decision.”

 

“Exactly!” Lilly exclaimed, “And I said I wouldn’t give up anything to do this job because it’s such a good opportunity. He got upset when I told him that included him, but he’s being a hypocrite because I know he wouldn’t give up being an Auror for me!”

 

“Did you actually ask him that?” Hermione asked.

 

Lilly frowned, “What?”

 

“Did you ask him if he would give up being an Auror for you?”

 

“Not exactly,” Lilly said a little sheepishly, “I said he would be lying if he said he would give up being an Auror for me and he said that he wouldn’t be because he would give it up. But he’s lying Hermione; he wouldn’t. Him and Harry gallivanting all over the country catching bad guys, it’s what he’s always wanted, he wouldn’t give that up.”

 

Hermione sighed and slid a cup of tea across the table to Lilly, “I don’t mean this to sound condescending Lilly so I’m sorry if it comes across that way but, the thing is. Harry would find it hard to give up being an Auror because all he has ever known is fighting bad guys, but Neville is different. He has other things that he’s good at and other things that he enjoys, he loves Herbology, and at heart, he’s a family man. I think he would happily be an Auror for a few years then give it up for a quieter life when kids came along.”

 

“What are you getting at here, Hermione?”

 

“I’m just saying, from his point of view being an Auror is a good job to do while he’s young. It’s dangerous, and it gives him purpose, but he wouldn’t do it forever, and I think he’s worried that you would,” Hermione explained, “He loves you, Lilly. He has watched so many people that he loves die or get hurt, I think he was trying to tell you that he can’t be with you if you are going to go out every single day and put yourself in danger for the rest of your life.”

 

“But I won’t know if I want to do that job forever until I do it for a while,” Lilly pointed out.

 

“You do know though,” Hermione said, “If I asked you whether you were okay with you and Neville both having dangerous jobs when you have kids, you would have an answer. Wouldn’t you?”

 

“No, because I’m not like the rest of you,” Lilly retorted, “I haven’t thought about kids or marriage yet because I’m only 19! I’m not like Sadie, I don’t want to get married before my 20th birthday, and I’m not like you and Daphne, I don’t want to be engaged. I want to enjoy being young while I am, I want to travel the world and try new things before I get married and have kids.”

 

Hermione frowned, “The question is, do you want to do those things with Neville?”

 

Lilly hesitated for a moment, “I…I don’t know.”

 

Hermione looked at her in disbelief, “Wow, well…you need to work that out Lil because you’re my friend but Neville…he’s one of the nicest guys I know and frankly, he doesn’t deserve to be screwed around with again. Not after Hannah.”

 

“Did you seriously just compare me to Hannah?” Lilly asked angrily.

 

“No, I didn’t,” Hermione said firmly, “I just said, Neville doesn’t deserve to be treated like this. He loves you, he is completely committed to you, and for you to just not know, that’s not fair.”

 

“I appreciate what you’re trying to do Hermione, but you’re not helping,” Lilly said coolly, “I need to work this out on my own.”

 

“That’s fine,” Hermione said with an icy tone to her voice, “But if you let Neville go and end up regretting it, I won’t be there for you to come crying to. You’re one of my best friends Lilly, but if this comes down to sides, I think I’ll be on Neville’s.”

 

“Get out of my house, Hermione.”

 

“It’s actually Neville’s house!” Hermione exclaimed irritably as she stalked out.

 

 

“For Merlin’s sake, that girl is an ungrateful bitch!” Hermione exclaimed as she stomped through the entrance hall of Potter Manor, “And frankly, right now I don’t think she deserves Neville! He is one of the nicest guys I know, and any girl would be more than lucky to have him. Hannah was too stupid to realise that, and now Lilly has no idea how lucky she is either!” Hermione continued as she thrust open the kitchen door, “I mean Neville’s such a nice guy, so why does he always get screwed over by bitches like – oh, hi Neville.”

 

Hermione stopped in her tracks and looked at the occupants of the kitchen. Draco was smirking, Harry was chuckling under his breath, and Daphne looked incredibly amused. Neville, on the other hand, was smiling fondly at Hermione.

 

“Thanks for the ego boost Hermione,” Neville said with a hint of amusement in his voice, “But if I’m such a nice guy, why did you turn me down when I asked you to the Yule Ball?”

 

“Because Viktor had already asked me,” Hermione said honestly, “And…I kind of had a massive crush on our resident arsehole over there.”

 

“I love you too, honey,” Draco said with a raised eyebrow.

 

“I’m guessing it didn’t go too well with Lilly then?”

 

Hermione scoffed, “She kicked me out! Can you believe the cheek? It’s not even her house!”

 

“Do you want a glass of wine?” Daphne asked as she motioned towards the open bottle on the table.

 

“Ugh, yes, please.”

 

As Daphne poured Hermione a glass of wine, Neville asked, “So what did she have to say for herself?”

 

“Well if you were worried that you’re more committed to her than she is to you, then you would be right,” Hermione said irritably, “I could have slapped her, but I didn’t because I don’t condone violence.”

 

“So is it really over then?” Neville asked. He looked completely crestfallen.

 

“I don’t know that for sure,” Hermione said honestly, “But I think you have to talk to her before she leaves for France. You can’t spend two weeks apart when you aren’t sure where you stand with each other.”

 

Neville frowned, “Can I talk to you outside, Hermione?”

 

Hermione nodded, “Sure, can I bring my wine with me?”

 

Neville smiled slightly, “Yeah, of course, you can.”

 

“Thank you Daph,” Hermione said as she gratefully accepted the glass of wine and hooked her arm through Neville’s, “Where do you want to go? There’s a magical plant garden out there, and there are some ancient variations of the tentacula, venomous and otherwise.”

 

Neville smiled at her, “That sounds very…relaxing.”

 

“I had no idea that those two were so close,” Draco said as he watched them disappear from view.

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah…that’s kind of my fault.”

 

“You have got to explain that comment,” Daphne said with a raised eyebrow.

 

“Well,” Harry said sheepishly, “Ron and I sometimes fell out with Hermione for stupid stuff like this one time when she got my new Firebolt confiscated. She was only doing it because she thought it was cursed, but I didn’t see it that way. When those things happened, it was Nev that she turned to.”

 

“Turned to?” Draco asked as he narrowed his eyes, “You better not be telling me that those two-”

 

“Oh no, no way!” Harry cut in, “They are just really good friends, I swear.”

 

 

“So,” Hermione said as she and Neville sat down on a bench in the aforementioned garden, “Why did you want to talk to me alone?”

 

“I just don’t know what to do,” Neville admitted, “And Harry is my best friend, but when it comes to relationship advice, you’re the better person to ask.”

 

“I can’t tell you what to do Nev,” Hermione said honestly, “That’s something that you and Lilly need to work out.”

 

“I just need to know…do you think we can work through this?” Neville asked, “Tell me the truth.”

 

Hermione bit her lip, “Maybe, but it’s not you that needs to make the effort Nev. I don’t want to tell you what she said because I don’t want to hurt you but-”

 

“Hermione,” Neville said as he grabbed her hand, “I know you’re just trying to protect me, but I need to know. Not knowing is worse, believe me.”

 

“Okay, but it’s your funeral.”

 

“Just tell me,” Neville said.

 

Hermione sighed, “I told her your thinking, or what I thought you were thinking anyway. I figured you were okay with being an Auror for a while but that you wouldn’t want to do it forever because there would come a time, probably when you had kids when you would want to change your career. I said I thought the problem was that you were scared that she would want to put herself in harm's way forever, unlike you.”

 

“Well, it seems like you know me better than she does,” Neville said bitterly.

 

“I know you and Lilly were friends when you were younger, but you’ve been my friend for eight years, Neville,” Hermione said with a shrug, “And although most people call me intelligent, I’m just highly logical and observant.”

 

Neville smiled at her, “Which means you can read people, I know.”

 

Hermione nodded, “So I asked Lilly if she was okay with both of you doing dangerous jobs once you had kids and she said she didn’t know because she hadn’t even thought about kids. She said she wasn’t like Sadie who got married at 19 or like me and Daphne who were engaged. She said she didn’t want any of that; she just wanted to travel the world and see new things while she was young.”

 

“I could handle that,” Neville said, “As long as she wanted to settle down one day.”

 

Hermione bit her lip.

 

“What is it? There’s more, isn’t there?”

 

Hermione nodded, “I asked her if she wanted to do all of those things with you, and she said…she said that she didn’t know.”

 

Neville let his head fall into his hands, “She said she didn’t know?” he asked, his voice was muffled, but Hermione thought that he was crying.

 

“I’m so sorry Neville,” Hermione said as she bit down on her lip again, she hated being the bearer of bad news.

 

“Why is it always me, Hermione?” Neville asked quietly, “What’s wrong with me?”

 

“Neville,” Hermione sighed as she tightened her grip on his hand, “There is nothing wrong with you. Anyone would be lucky to have you, and I think Lilly will realise that I just hope she realises before it’s too late.”

 

“I think it might already be too late,” Neville said as he got to his feet and hastily rubbed his eyes, “I’ll sleep on it, but when I go to talk to her tomorrow unless she has a hell of a good excuse, I can’t see anything good coming from it.”

 

“I’m sorry,” Hermione said again.

 

Neville shook his head and sighed, “Don’t apologise Hermione. You’ve only been good to me over the years. I’m lucky to have you.”

 

“I just wish I could knock some sense into Lil,” Hermione admitted.

 

Neville shrugged, “She either loves me or she doesn’t. There’s nothing anyone can do about that.”

 

“Neville-”

 

“I’m going to bed, see you later Hermione,” Neville said, he sounded completely resigned, and it made Hermione miserable.

 

 

Daphne looked up at the portrait before her. It featured a thin woman with black hair and grey eyes. Her hair was drawn up into a bun, and she was surveying Daphne through narrowed eyes.

 

“Dorea Black?”

 

“Who is asking?” Dorea asked calmly.

 

“Daphne Greengrass, soon to be Potter,” Daphne said with a wave of her hand.

 

“Daphne? What generation are we on now then?”

 

“What’s the last Greengrass you remember?” Daphne asked curiously.

 

“Well there was Euphemia of course,” Dorea said matter of factly, “She was married to my son, Fleamont. Lovely woman, very intelligent but too beautiful for her own good.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow, “Euphemia was my great aunt.”

 

“So you are descended from Mortdecai?” Dorea asked conversationally.

 

“Mortdecai was my grandfather,” Daphne said matter of factly, “But I did not come here to discuss my family history with you. I came here to talk to you about Anastasia Malfoy.”

 

Dorea rolled her eyes, “What about her?”

 

“Harry, the current head of the Potter family, is going to be unlocking her frame,” Daphne informed Dorea, “She does not deserve to be cast away in the kitchen.”

 

Dorea’s eyes darkened, “That is exactly what she deserves!”

 

“Dorea, I think you’re being unreasonable-”

 

“Unreasonable?” Dorea hissed, “How would you feel, had you been in my shoes? I was 18 years old when I was married off to Charlus. Do you think that I wanted to marry an older man, the moment I left school?”

 

“I expect not, but the Potters were a very respectable-”

 

“The Potters were not a respectable family in 1914,” Dorea scoffed, “I was married to Charlus because I was the family disappointment. In 1914, the Potters were openly supporting helping the Muggles to win their war. That was when the family began to be shunned and cast out.”

 

“Right,” Daphne realised, “Yes, that was when things went downhill for the Potter empire, you are quite right.”

 

“Charlus never loved me,” Dorea said scornfully, “Two years after we were married, I discovered that he was sleeping with the servant girl, a squib and a Malfoy. It was shameful, and I was embarrassed. I spent my entire life being embarrassed by his behaviour, and now you want her to be able to roam free? You want me to sit in my frame and look across the drawing-room to see her and him?”

 

Daphne bit her lip, “Yes, I suppose you’re right. Let me talk to Ana and see if we can come up with a compromise that keeps everyone happy.”

 

Dorea shook her head in disbelief, “Honestly girl, I thought Greengrass’s had more brains than that. Aren’t you all in Ravenclaw?”

 

“Traditionally,” Daphne mused, “My father was, and so was my grandfather. My sister and I were both in Slytherin, though.” 

 

“Slytherin?” Dorea asked, her eyebrow went up once more, “The noble house. Just like the noble house of Black. How are my family these days?”

 

“Oh, they are doing okay,” Daphne said honestly, “Better than the Malfoy’s, they’ve died out now.”

 

“Have they?” Dorea asked, “Did Narcissa Black not produce any children with Lucius?”

 

“She did, they had a son,” Daphne answered, “But a war happened, and the Malfoy’s were decidedly on the wrong side of it. When it all ended, their son changed his name to disassociate himself with the family. He went back to his mother's maiden name.”

 

“Black,” Dorea smirked, “Is he the last?”

 

“No, there are others,” Daphne replied, “His mother, Narcissa, she is still alive. As is Andromeda.”

 

“She was disowned for marrying a muggle-born.”

 

“He died during the war, and so did their daughter,” Daphne said sadly, “The little boy you see around the house? He’s their son, so I suppose he’s got some Black in him too.”

 

“What about Narcissa’s son, what was he called?”

 

“Draco Black,” Daphne said.

 

“And does he uphold the Black family name or is he a disappointment?”

 

“Oh, you want to know about Draco Black?” Daphne asked with a grin. She pulled up a chair, summoned Kreacher for tea and said, “Well, I could talk for hours about him. I think we ought to start with this one time when he was turned into a ferret by Barty Crouch Junior…”

 

 

“Draco! Draco! They just floo-ed! Draco!”

 

“I can hear you!” Draco said irritably from inside his and Hermione’s bedroom.

 

“The Aurors just floo-ed Draco!” Harry shouted excitedly through the door.

 

The door opened, and Draco slipped out in a pair of green silk pyjama bottoms, “Who floo-ed?”

 

“The Aurors,” Harry replied, “I can’t get into the alcove to talk to Nev because he’s put a whole bunch of charms up.”

 

“You’re about to start Auror training, can’t you disable them?” Draco yawned.

 

“As a future Auror, yes I could,” Harry replied, “But as his friend, I won’t. I’ll fill him in later if he comes out to stop wallowing.”

 

“What did they say?”

 

“It was Sheppard,” Harry said, “And he said that we start on the 2nd of August.”

 

“That’s a week today,” Draco realised.

 

Harry nodded, “He also said that the first two weeks of training are known as the isolation period. While they give us our basic training, we have to stay on the base with no contact with the outside world whatsoever. Daphne wasn’t happy when I told her that, but it’s only two weeks then we can commute in from our own homes.”

 

“Hermione’s going to love that,” Draco muttered, “Did they tell you anything else?”

 

“Just that we need to be at the centre for 9 am on Monday the 2nd of August,” Harry replied, “And to enjoy our week's downtime because the first two weeks of basic training are tough.”

 

Draco yawned again, “Thanks for letting me know, can I go back to bed now?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said with a wave of his hand, “I’m going to give Nev until this afternoon then if he hasn’t surfaced I’m dragging him out of the annexe for Theo’s thing.”

 

Draco frowned, “What thing are we talking about?”

 

“Theo invited us round for drinks in his man cave,” Harry reminded Draco, “Because Sadie and the girls are going for one final night out before Sadie goes to Cairo and Lil goes to France.”

 

“Do you think Lilly will go?” Draco asked, “After that argument she had with Hermione?”

 

“I don’t know,” Harry said honestly, “I guess we’ll find out tonight. Anyway, I’m going back to bed too. See you later.”

 

“See you later,” Draco echoed as he slipped back into his bedroom.

 

 

“How do you feel today, Harry?”

 

Harry smiled at Charlus, “Tired.”

 

“Still not sleeping well?”

 

Harry shook his head and threw some more logs into the fire then sat down in a comfortable armchair. He looked up at the portrait of his great-great-grandfather, which hung above the fireplace.

 

“Daphne is great, but I don’t feel like I deserve it,” Harry sighed, “She wakes up every time, she hugs me and tells me that it’s not real, that the war is over and that I’m safe. It works, and I go back to sleep, but it’s happening a few times a night and I…I don’t know what I’m going to do when I have to go through the isolation period for Auror training.”

 

“What’s that then?”

 

“Oh it’s part of the training process,” Harry said offhandedly, “Two weeks without contact with the outside world. I think I’ll have Neville though, he’s my best friend and my Auror partner, so maybe it won’t be as bad as I think.”

 

“That’s often the case with the things that we dread,” Charlus said wisely, “They seldom turn out to be as bad as we expect.”

 

Harry smiled weakly, “That sounds like the kind of thing that Dumbledore would say.”

 

“He was wise beyond his years, Albus,” Charlus agreed.

 

“Did you know him?” Harry asked.

 

“No, no, he was older than me,” Charlus said, “I knew of him, of course. Do you feel ready to talk about the war yet, Harry?”

 

Harry frowned, “I don’t know. Ana said that you fought in the Great Muggle War. Did she mean World War One?”

 

Charlus bowed his head, “Indeed.”

 

“Did you see terrible things?” Harry asked as he stared into the fire.

 

“Of course I did,” Charlus replied, “I saw bodies burning, hundreds of them after we would attack a German trench. The smell of rotting flesh and the sound of men screaming…those things never leave you, Harry.”

 

“No,” Harry sighed, “Seeing the bodies of people I loved lined up in the great hall of Hogwarts…I can’t unsee it Charlus. My boggart, my worst fear, is that hall being filled with my family.”

 

“But that will not happen, Harry,” Charlus said, “You fought the darkness, it is gone now.”

 

“It’s never truly gone, Charlus,” Harry said, “You must know that as well as I do. You helped the Muggles in the great war, the one they called the war to end all wars but then scarcely 20 years later they went to war again, and it was worse…it was bloodier.”

 

“And since then, there has not been death on that scale globally,” Charlus said sincerely, “Our world has seen two wars, Harry. Your parents fought the first one, and you won the second one.

 

“There will always be another dark lord though Charlus.”

 

“There will be,” Charlus agreed, “And you cannot fight that dark lord with magic, Harry. The way to fight that dark lord is through change. You and your lovely fiance are clearly in love, but a marriage between a Potter and a Greengrass is a match made in heaven. If not for the first wizarding war, Fleamont and Euphemia would have achieved so much more.”

 

Harry looked up at the portrait, “How so?”

 

Charlus smiled, “We are an old family, Harry. We have money, connections, status, a seat on the Wizengamot. What we lost for a long time, was respect, and that was my fault. That was because of my views, my willingness to assist the Muggles in their time of need. My elder brother, Henry, who you are named for, he shared that belief. We fought together, and we were shunned for that.”

 

“Because it wasn’t the pureblood thing to do,” Harry scoffed.

 

“Precisely,” Charlus said, “The other families said we should sit tight and let the muggle war ravage our world. Britain is our country, a country we share with the muggles. They are not animals, they are human, and they needed our assistance.”

 

Harry nodded, and Charlus continued, “But I felt that it was the right thing to do, and as a result, our family fell from grace. All that I did in the war, I did because it was the right thing to do and yes, the burning bodies of those Germans haunted me for a long time, but then I saw a soldier come home from war to his pregnant wife. I saw the children rejoicing in the towns that we saved from the Germans, and I knew that despite the cost, it had been the right thing to do.”

 

Harry was enrapt, hanging onto Charlus’s every word.

 

“And you, Harry, you have always done the right thing,” Charlus said, “You saved our world, you defeated a dark lord, and in doing so, you gained something that this family had lost a long time ago. The name Potter is respected once more, and that makes me incredibly proud.”

 

“Proud?” Harry asked.

 

“I brought disgrace to the family name for falling out of line with pureblood etiquette and politics, but you tore that all down and gained our respect back,” Charlus said with a smile, “And now, you will marry a Greengrass. The union of the two families will be beneficial for us, but also for Greengrass Industries. The Potter family will gain respect once more, and in doing so, you will gain the ability to bring about change.”

 

Harry watched his ancestor with interest.

 

“Change does not end a war, but it does prevent it from happening again,” Charlus said wisely, “And you, my boy, you have the ability to bring that change about.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry agreed with a smile, “I do…thanks, Charlus. You really put things in perspective for me.”

 

“Anytime,” Charlus said sincerely.

 

 

“Theo, can I talk to you?”

 

Theo nodded and followed Neville to a quiet corner of his man cave, “Are you going to tell me why you haven’t said a word since you got here?”

 

“Don’t pretend Draco didn’t fill you in,” Neville said irritably, “He probably floo-ed you yesterday.”

 

“Well…” Theo said sheepishly, “I do know, but it wasn’t Draco who told me. Harry held a family meeting to tell us all that he was an alcoholic. Then he also told us that you and Lilly had broken up. And it’s shit; I’m sorry, Nev.”

 

Neville shrugged, “It is what it is. I was going to go over and talk to her today, but I wanted to make sure I was calm before I did and I’m not calm at the moment.”

 

“So when are you going to talk to her?” Theo asked.

 

“Tomorrow maybe, if I’ve worked through everything in my head,” Neville said with a sigh, “I wanted to ask your advice about something though. You know how Sadie has to do two weeks training in Egypt then she’ll have to go back and forth?”

 

Theo nodded, “Are you about to ask me how I’m going to handle the distance?”

 

Neville nodded, “Yeah.”

 

“Honestly, I know it’s going to be hard,” Theo replied, “I’m going to keep myself busy with Auror training to distract myself. We’ll floo all the time, and we’ll write to each other, but that’s not the secret to making it work.”

 

“What is?” Neville asked.

 

“Enjoying every moment of the time that we do have together,” Theo replied, “So that when we’re lonely, and we miss each other, we have those memories to draw on.”

 

“So you have to have a strong relationship to make long-distance work,” Neville said.

 

Theo nodded, “Yeah, I guess that’s one way of putting it.”

 

“I don’t think Lilly and me are strong enough,” Neville said as he began to walk back over to their friends.

 

“Nev-”

 

“There’s nothing more to say about it,” Neville said as he clammed up.

 

Theo shot Harry a look, Harry just shrugged. He had tried to talk to Neville too, but he hadn’t gotten anywhere either.

 

“You need another drink, Draco?” Theo said as the air went a little awkward.

 

“I’m not having another one,” Draco said, “Hermione is already getting on at me enough.”

 

Theo snorted, “Is she still pissed off about what you said after selection?”

 

“Yeah,” Draco said with a roll of his eyes, “I figured it was all water under the bridge. We had a few days apart, came back to Potter Manor and had some brilliant sex-”

 

“Thanks for telling me about all the sex you’re having in my house,” Harry said dryly.

 

“You’re welcome,” Draco smirked, “And I thought that was it, but she’s still being icy.”

 

Theo snorted, “Course she is, she’s a woman.”

 

“What did you actually say to her?” Neville asked with an amused look.

 

“I was talking to her about all of the Auror training tests,” Draco explained offhandedly, “And I told her about the doubts the Aurors had put in my head. They said I wasn’t good enough for her, and I may have suggested that we were kidding ourselves if we thought things would work out. She got really pissed off and told me that I wasn’t allowed to tell her how she felt and that just because a bunch of Aurors said it wouldn’t work out, it didn’t mean it was true.”

 

“She has a point,” Harry said,

 

Theo nodded in agreement, “You and Hermione love each other and make each other happy. Nothing is going to change that, I mean look how much you’ve already overcome.”

 

“Jeez Theo, you sound just like her,” Draco said with a shake of his head.

 

“Hey when your fiancé and your boyfriend are in agreement, you know you’re in deep shit,” Harry joked.

 

“Hey, I don’t find this funny,” Draco objected, “I pissed her off so now she’s being cold with me and I’m not going to see her two weeks while I’m stuck in a dorm with you three idiots.”

 

“Don’t underestimate Hermione Granger then,” Theo said as he shot his friend an amused look, “She loves you, and she doesn’t care about anything else. When you find a girl who loves you like that, you don’t go around saying shit like you said.”

 

“Holy shit Theo,” Harry said through his laughter, “Look at you, giving everyone relationship advice.”

 

“I am the one with a wife,” Theo smirked, “A very hot wife who I have enjoyed in every single room of this house over the last few days.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “Rub it in then, why don’t you? I’ve had lodgers since school finished, one day I’ll have the house to myself.”

 

“Don’t worry, as soon as my house is finished; I’ll be out of your hair,” Draco said, “Because then I’ll have a house of my own with lots of rooms to explore.”

 

“As long as you don’t piss Hermione off again,” Theo joked.

 

Harry sniggered, “True. You’re becoming quite the agony Aunt Theo.”

 

“That kind of has a ring to it,” Theo said with a grin.

 

Draco shook his head in disbelief, “It’s a scary world that we live in when Theodore Nott is the married, responsible one in our friend group…”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


When Neville walked into Longbottom House, he felt sick. He knew that he was going there to break up with someone and potentially lose another friend. It felt like Hannah all over again.

 

The house was eerily quiet, and as Neville stood in the entrance hall, for a moment, he wondered if Lilly had already left.

 

“You’re back.”

 

Neville swallowed and looked up, “I was at Harry’s.”

 

“Go figure,” Lilly said from the top of the stairs.

 

“Can you come down Lilly? We need to talk,” Neville said.

 

Lilly walked down the stairs, “Kitchen?”

 

Neville nodded and followed her into the kitchen.

 

“Do you want a cup of tea?” Lilly asked. The air was incredibly awkward.

 

“I didn’t come here to drink tea Lilly,” Neville said as he looked up at her, “I don’t want to leave you at a loss so you can stay here until you leave for France but after that-”

 

“You’ll be at Auror training, so why are you kicking me out?” Lilly asked.

 

“Because I don’t want my ex-girlfriend living in my house,” Neville replied sharply.

 

“What?”

 

“Hermione is my friend; she told me what you said,” Neville said firmly, “And I don’t think I want to be with someone who doesn’t know if they want me in their future.”

 

Lilly’s eyes widened, “Neville, you’re not breaking up with me.”

 

“That’s exactly what I’m doing Lilly,” Neville said as calmly as he could. Inside he felt sick, and his heart was breaking.

 

“Neville, wait,” Lilly said as she took a step towards him, “I know I hesitated on that question, but I want to be with you.”

 

“You’re not sure about that Lilly, but I am,” Neville said, “I wanted to be with you, I wanted to be engaged and married. I wanted kids and all of the things you told Hermione you didn’t want.”

 

“I said I didn’t want them right now,” Lilly objected, “But I do want all of that Neville.”

 

Neville swallowed hard and tried to stop the tears in his eyes from spilling. He couldn’t look at her as he said hoarsely, “I just don’t know where we can go from here.”

 

Lilly shook her head, “No, I’m not going to stand here like a wallflower and let you break up with me! I love you, you idiot! That night during the war when I got the others to break you out of the Dark Tower…I realised that I loved you that night, in a more than friends way, you know? And I had all but given up on you ever loving me back. You were busy shagging Ginny Weasley and how the hell could I compare to that, after all? But I still did everything I could to get you out of there. When everybody else had given up on you, I never did so you do not get to give up on me now, Neville Longbottom.”

 

Neville looked at her tearfully. Her outburst of emotion had been real, and the tears falling down her face were too.

 

“Maybe I am struggling with commitment issues, but that doesn’t mean that I love you any less,” Lilly said as she looked him in the eye, “I don’t know what I want right now. I don’t know if I’ll ever want kids after the way I was raised, but I do know that I need you, Neville. If you break up with me, it will hurt me but if you cut me off like you did with Hannah…It will break my heart.”

 

Neville shook his head and wiped his eyes hastily, “I love you too, I really do. But I don’t want to get five years down the line and be madly in love with you, then find out you don’t want kids. Because I need a family, Lilly, I need a real family because I never had that.”

 

“I did, and it wasn’t that much to shout about!” Lilly snapped tearfully, “You can’t break up with me because I don’t know what I want yet, I’m only 19 Neville! And I know sometimes you feel older than that, but we aren’t! We’re just teenagers. How can you just come in here to end things with me, like I don’t matter? Does everything we’ve been through mean nothing to you?”

 

“It means everything!” Neville snapped. When he looked up at her, his eyes were red and bloodshot, “You mean everything to me Lilly but this was why I didn’t want to get into a relationship with you! Hannah and I’s friendship was ruined by a bad break-up, and I couldn’t bear the same thing happening to you and me.”

 

“Then let’s make sure we don’t let it,” Lilly said, “You love me, and I love you. We’ll make it work. If you want to spend some time apart while we work things out, that’s fine. But I’m not letting you go Neville Longbottom. I spent eight years waiting for you to fall in love with me. I’m not going to let you go now.”

 

Neville sighed, “I don’t want to let you go either, Lilly, I really don’t, but I think you’re right. I think we do need some time apart because this has been a whirlwind. In a few weeks, you went from being one of my best friends to being the most important person in my life, and I want so much more from you than you want from me. I want to marry you, and I don’t care that we’re young. I know I want kids one day and I know I want them with you.”

 

“How do you think I feel?” Lilly asked angrily, “All of our friends are falling in love, getting engaged, having kids and I don’t know if I want that! And I feel like there's something wrong with me. Is there something wrong with me, Neville?”

 

“I don’t know,” Neville answered with a sigh, “Commitment has never been your strong point, has it? You spent the war shagging Michael Corner, but you weren’t together-”

 

“Once,” Lilly said coolly, “I slept with Michael once during the war, and I did that because that was his condition for helping get you out of the Dark Tower so don’t you dare tar me with that brush. All I am asking for is a little time, maybe that’s all we need to take a step back and realise what's important.”

 

Neville sighed, “I’m giving you time, Lilly, plenty of it.”

 

“I don’t mean indefinitely Nev,” Lilly said. She crossed her arms, “And you’re being difficult on purpose.”

 

“How would we even make things work?” Neville asked, “Even if time did help us work things out, you would still be living in France for six months. How would we manage that exactly?”

 

“I don’t know,” Lilly replied, “But we have to try. I’m not prepared to give up our relationship in a heartbeat without trying.”

 

“What do you suggest then?” Neville asked as he looked away from her.

 

“A break,” Lilly replied, “You have two weeks of isolation as part of your training, so why don’t we have this talk again when you come out?”

 

“A break?”

 

Lilly nodded, “A break from our relationship.”

 

Neville sighed again, “Fine, but I still need you out of this house after the 31st.”

 

Lilly nodded tearfully, “I’m sorry, Neville.”

 

“Yeah, I’m sorry too,” Neville said quietly as he turned to leave, “And I don’t want to see you between now and the 31st.”

 

“What about the joint birthday party?” Lilly asked.

 

“I don’t want to see you there,” Neville said firmly, “If you need to say goodbye to Sadie before she goes to Cairo then that’s fine, but don’t do it in front of me. If this is a break then it’s a clean one, do you understand?”

 

Neville couldn’t see Lilly’s face, but he could tell that she was crying as she said, “I understand.”

 

Neville felt like he was breaking his own heart as he walked out of Longbottom House, but he couldn’t have another toxic relationship like the one he had with Hannah.

 

 

Sadie had known that Theo was holding back when he told her about the tests they had put him through over the weekend. However, she wasn’t aware of the extent of his suffering until she was woken up abruptly in the early hours of the morning. At first, she thought an alarm was going off outside, but as she woke up, she realised the sounds were coming from Theo.

 

“No! No! Mum, no!” Theo was shouting, his shouts became screams and Sadie couldn’t make out much more than the words ‘no’ and ‘Mum’. She wanted to grab Theo and shake him hard to wake him up, but she knew that it could be dangerous to wake someone up abruptly in the middle of a bad nightmare.

 

He was throwing himself around the bed so violently that it scared Sadie.

 

“No! Leave her alone!” Theo shouted as he thrashed as if he was trying to fight someone, “Not Sadie! No, not Sadie!”

 

Sadie bit her lip hard; she had to wake him up from whatever hell was going on inside his head so she placed a hand on his arm and gripped him hard, “Theo, it’s okay,” she said as softly as she could, “I’m here, you just need to wake up.”

 

“No, no, no,” Theo mumbled over and over again.

 

“I’m fine, Theo, just wake up,” Sadie said in the most soothing voice she could manage.

 

She must have reached his subconscious because his eyes popped open. He looked terrified, and his entire body was shaking, he was also soaked to the skin with sweat.

 

“Sadie,” Theo gasped, he grabbed her and pulled her in close.

 

Sadie shut her eyes tightly and hugged him, “Theo, what’s going on?”

 

Theo’s breathing was still very heavy, “I didn’t tell you everything, I’m sorry,” he said, his voice was thick with emotion.

 

When Sadie drew back, she was surprised to see tears running down his cheeks, “It was hell Sadie, it was hell.”

 

“Your nightmare?” Sadie asked. She felt herself getting close to tears. She hated to see Theo like this.

 

He shook his head, “No, the mental tests they did,” he said, “Every time I shut my eyes I see it…I see it all.”

 

“Shh,” Sadie shushed him, “Talk to me about it, Theo, maybe talking about it will help.”

 

Theo’s breathing began to slow down, “They threatened you when they tortured me. They crushed and broke my bones then they used the cruciatus curse on me, and the pain was…it was so bad, but I was just about holding it together then they threatened you.”

 

“It wasn’t real baby,” Sadie said softly.

 

“But it could be,” Theo said as he turned his wide, terrified eyes on her, “It could happen, and I can’t let it. I can’t let anyone hurt you.”

 

“Nobody will,” Sadie said, she grabbed his hand and gripped it tightly, “Not when I have my wonderful Auror husband looking out for me.”

 

Theo frowned and looked down.

 

“There’s more, isn’t there?” Sadie asked gently, “What else did they do to you?”

 

Theo swallowed hard and shut his eyes, “When they interviewed me, they asked about my father and…my mother. They said that they needed to know that I wasn’t cruel like my father, they said-”

 

His voice trailed off because he couldn’t keep it together. He shut his eyes tightly, and Sadie saw more tears fall, “What did they say?”

 

“They said that they needed to make sure that I wouldn’t lose my temper if you left me for someone else,” Theo said quietly, “They thought I would do to you what my father did to my mother.”

 

Sadie swallowed, “Theo, that is disgusting. It was completely out of order of them to say something like that to you!”

 

“I know,” Theo said tearfully, “But every time I try to sleep I see my mother trying to claw her way out of that basement then I see myself…I see myself locking you in with her.”

 

“Theo,” Sadie said firmly, “Snap out of it, you are nothing like your father! Your father was a sick, twisted, cold man, but you are sweet, caring and brave. Those Aurors shouldn’t have said what they did to you, don’t let them get inside your head.”

 

Theo nodded and wiped his eyes on the edge of the t-shirt he had worn to bed, “I’m sorry, I should have told you straight away.”

 

Sadie shook her head, “Don’t be sorry. I understand why you couldn’t talk to me about it.”

 

“That man terrified me, Sadie,” Theo admitted quietly, “That basement made me…I think it screwed me up, the way he treated me. Small spaces freak me out, being locked in somewhere terrifies me. When they put us in that room with the Death Eater then locked the door…”

 

“You were straight back to your childhood,” Sadie whispered.

 

Theo nodded and looked up at her through his bloodshot eyes, “I was a terrified kid again, beaten by my father then locked in the basement where he had murdered my mother.”

 

“Your father was sick Theo, one of the sickest of Voldemort’s followers,” Sadie said, “But you aren’t your father, just like Draco isn’t his father. Every time you have the nightmares or you find yourself feeling scared, just tell yourself that.”

 

“I am not my father,” Theo said firmly as he wiped his eyes again.

 

Sadie nodded and looked at him with a fire in her eyes, “Exactly, and if those Aurors try anything like that again, I will give them a piece of my mind.”

 

Theo looked up and smiled weakly at her, “I always knew you should have been a Hufflepuff.”

 

Sadie shot him an amused look, “If it wasn’t for the state you were in, I would have hit you for that comment.”

 

Theo chuckled quietly, “Thanks Sade and…don't tell any of the guys about this. Okay?”

 

Sadie smiled slightly, “Don’t worry baby. I wouldn’t dream of ruining your reputation.”

 

“Knew I kept you around for a reason,” Theo joked in an effort to make the air feel less awkward.

 

Sadie pulled him back down, “Come on, try and get some more sleep.”

 

 

“…then Theo got his pinky bitten off by the venomous tentacula…”

 

Harry snorted and walked into the drawing-room, expecting to find his fiancé conversing with an actual human. Instead, he found her cackling with the portrait of Dorea Black.

 

“Theo? The Nott boy? I would have thought a son of Almina would have more sense than that,” Dorea said.

 

“I know, right? He’s half Crouch like me,” Daphne chuckled, “He did get some brains mind you; he’s very intelligent.”

 

“No common sense whatsoever though,” Harry said from the doorway.

 

Daphne turned around and smiled at him, “Hey, babe. I was just telling Dorea about eighth year. We’re well into the epic love story of Draco Malfoy-Black and Hermione Granger, actually Nott.”

 

Harry chuckled, “I see that. I was just popping in to tell you that I’m heading over to Theo’s.”

 

“Are they going to be drinking again?” Daphne asked with a frown, “That was stupid of them to drink in front of you last time.”

 

“It was fine, I just drank water,” Harry promised, “Neville would have kicked me in the nuts if it’d touched anything, you know that.”

 

“I know, but it’s not nice to dangle it under your nose like that,” Daphne said pointedly.

 

“I’m not going to ask everyone else to stop drinking just because I have a little problem,” Harry said with a smile, “But I’m not going over to meet up with the guys anyway. I’m just helping Theo put a half-sized Quidditch pitch into the back-garden now that they’ve re-sized it.”

 

“Fair enough,” Daphne got to her feet and kissed him, “See you later then.”

 

“See you,” He murmured, kissing her again for good measure before leaving the house. He floo-ed into Sadie and Theo’s kitchen and called, “I’m here, Theo!”

 

“I’m outside!” A muffled yell from upstairs floated down.

 

Harry chuckled and jogged up the stairs. He met Theo in the back-garden, “Is this your idea of gardening?”

 

“I tried to cut the grass but I just kind of killed it,” Theo admitted sheepishly.

 

“Yeah,” Harry agreed as he looked at the mauled lawn, “You did. Couldn’t Sadie have done a better job?”

 

“I could have done, but he insisted that the grass was a mans job,” Sadie’s voice said.

 

Harry barked out a laugh as he turned to look at Sadie, she was sitting on a sun lounger sipping a cocktail quite happily.

 

“Hate to say it mate, but you landed yourself in that one,” Harry grinned.

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “You’re meant to be on my side, mate.”

 

“If you wanted sympathy you should have asked Draco for help.”

 

“I would have, but him and Hermione are meeting their new house-elf,” Theo said irritably, “And Neville is ignoring everyone right now, so I asked you.”

 

“So I’m basically your last resort friend then, yeah?”

 

“Yeah, pretty much,” Theo agreed with a grin, “Sorry, mate.”

 

“For that, you can finish the grass by yourself,” Harry said as he conjured up another sun lounger and sat down next to Sadie.

 

“Fuck you boy wonder!” Theo muttered irritably as he went back to cutting the grass.

 

Harry shot Sadie an amused look, “Out of interest, does talking to portraits make you crazy?”

 

“It depends on how often you talk to them and what you talk about,” Sadie answered, “Mocktail? They don’t have any alcohol in them, I mean it is 10 am.”

 

Harry laughed and accepted the glass, “Cheers.”

 

“Why are you talking to portraits?” Sadie asked with a chuckle.

 

“Oh, I’m not, but Daphne is,” Harry retorted.

 

“Oh, that sounds about right,” Sadie said, “She used to talk to the portraits in Greengrass House all of the time. A lot of them were damaged in the fire mind you, but they saved a few and restored them.”

 

“Why does she talk to the portraits?” Harry asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“She likes history,” Sadie shrugged, “She likes to know their stories. She loved Euphemia, her great Aunt. She used to talk to her all the time; she said she had the best stories of her epic romance to Fleamont.”

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at Sadie, “Did she?”

 

“Oh shit, don’t tell her I told you that,” Sadie muttered, “She’d kill me.”

 

“So she’s had a crush on me for a bit longer than she pretends then?” Harry grinned.

 

“A little bit longer,” Sadie admitted, she smiled slyly, “Do not tell her.”

 

“My lips are sealed,” Harry laughed, “I guess I can understand why she likes talking to them though. I mean, my therapy is talking to Charlus about my war trauma. He fought in world war one, and he’s an interesting guy. Still, I don’t drink tea with him like Daphne does with Dorea Black.”

 

“Dorea Black?” Sadie snorted, “That makes sense. Those two would have gotten on great if they had lived at the same time.”

 

“How come?” Harry asked.

 

“They are just quite similar people,” Sadie replied, “What do they talk about?”

 

“Family history mostly,” Harry answered, “She tells Dorea all about the Black family and what has happened to them since she died.”

 

“What are you saying about Dorea Black? And Sweet Salazar, he has mauled your garden.”

 

“I did tell him to wait for you,” Sadie said as she looked up at Draco, “But he was adamant that he could do it himself. You should have heard him, No Sadie, I don’t need you to cut the grass for me, it’s a mans job and no, I don’t need Draco to do it for me either. I am as manly a man as him, and I can tackle this garden.”

 

“I think the garden has tackled him,” Hermione sniggered.

 

Harry snorted, “How’s the new house-elf?”

 

“Lovely,” Hermione said with a smile, “She’s called Flopsy, and she’s so cute. She’s really young, but the last family cast her out because they didn’t need another elf. She’s a good cook, and she’s going to light the fires in the morning and put them out at night, but we’ll do most of the cleaning ourselves.”

 

Harry shot Draco an amazed look.

 

“I know,” Draco mouthed, and Harry had to hide his amused grin.

 

“She is very liberal too,” Hermione said eagerly, “Because she’s so young, you see? So she’s going to wear clothes.”

 

“Hermione’s going to knit them for her,” Draco added. He was hiding a fond smile at these words.

 

“And she will get two weeks leave a year,” Hermione chirped, “She wouldn’t agree to take any more than that. We’re going to build her a proper little bedroom too, not just a cupboard.”

 

“Sounds like she’s your perfect match,” Sadie said, smiling at Harry from behind her cocktail glass.

 

“Yeah,” Hermione admitted sadly, “Lilly was totally right about everything. We are helping them more by giving them a home than by denying them work. I need to apologise to her for what I said. I just got so angry on Neville’s behalf.”

 

“You’d have to get past the front door first,” Sadie remarked, “And nobody else has managed yet.”

 

“I could get in, but I’m respecting her privacy and not being a dick,” Harry admitted.

 

“Yeah, and if I did get in, she’d curse me the minute I was in the entrance hall,” Draco added.

 

“Me too right now,” Hermione said.

 

Draco conjured up a couple more chairs, and he and Hermione joined Harry and Sadie on the porch.

 

“Are you drinking?” Hermione asked suspiciously.

 

“It’s a mocktail,” Sadie said, “Do you honestly think I would give him an alcoholic drink at 10 am?”

 

“No,” Hermione admitted sheepishly, “I also don’t think you would drink at 10 am, sorry, Sadie.”

 

“Here,” Sadie said, clicking her fingers and bringing a couple more up from the kitchen, “I just felt like a refreshing drink while I watch the entertainment on display.”

 

At that point, the old push mower that Theo was using got a pebble caught in it. This ricocheted around then hit him in the face, “Ow! Fucking piece of metal shit! Stop being a dick you stupid lawn! I’ll set you on fire and see how you like that, you prick!”

 

“And I thought Daphne was insane for talking to portraits,” Harry sniggered.

 

“Daphne’s talking to the portrait of Dorea Black? My ancestor?” Draco asked in surprise, “Has she talked about me?”

 

“Oh yeah, loads,” Harry shot Draco a grin, “The word ferret came up more than once, and I’m pretty sure Dorea called you a waste of space.”

 

“I’m going to kill Daphne,” Draco muttered with a roll of his eyes.

 

“No, you won’t,” Hermione said. She conjured a pair of sunglasses and put them on, “You love Daphne.”

 

“She’s a pain in the arse,” Draco said irritably, “Although talking about portraits, do you reckon we should put any from the manor up when we move in next door?”

 

“Any portraits of your evil ancestors?” Hermione asked, peering at him over her glasses, “How about, no?”

 

“They weren’t all evil,” Draco objected, “My Grandmother was a Potter, and she saved your mother’s life. Without my Grandmother, you wouldn’t exist.”

 

“He makes a good point,” Harry mused, “Elladora was the one who erased your mother's memory and set her up in the muggle world.”

 

“I suppose,” Hermione conceded.

 

“My grandparents were nice,” Draco said thoughtfully, “And there’s a huge portrait of them in my vault at Gringotts. It would hang perfectly where that portrait of Walburga Black used to be.”

 

“Draco,” Hermione said, shooting him an amused look, “We just got a house-elf. Can you let that one sink in before you try and convince me to have portraits of all the late and great Malfoys around my house?”

 

Draco rolled his eyes and turned away from his fiancé, “At least you don’t have to put up with this shit, Harry.”

 

“No, my fiancé just makes friends with all of my ancestors,” Harry snorted, “Hey Theo! You missed a bit!”

 

“Yeah, a pretty big bit!” Draco yelled.

 

“Big patch in the middle there, Nott!”

 

“Fuck you, princess, you’re a Nott too!” Theo fumed as he threw the lawnmower away, “I’m done with this fucking metal demon. Reducto!”

 

“Protego,” Sadie muttered lazily, throwing a shield charm over them all as shards of metal rained down.

 

Harry shook his head in amusement as Theo set fire to the grass in his temper. Sadie took her sunglasses off and looked at Draco, “Draco, please could you remove my husband from the garden so that Harry can fix his mess?”

 

“Of course, Sadie,” Draco said through his laughter. He got to his feet and crossed the garden, putting his arm around Theo and nodding supportively while patting his back as he led him into the summerhouse that was half-built at the other end of the garden.

 

“Harry, please could restore my grass and erect my Quidditch pitch?” Sadie asked politely.

 

“Course, Sade,” Harry chuckled. He got to his feet and got to work.

 

Sadie shook her head and turned to look at Hermione, “Remember, when you asked why I had been in Slytherin instead of Ravenclaw?”

 

Hermione chuckled, “Yes?”

 

“This is why,” Sadie smirked, putting her sunglasses back on, “They all think I’m the quiet, sweet, innocent one, so I have them all hoodwinked.”

 

Hermione laughed out loud and reached across the lounger to grab Sadie’s hand, “You’re brilliant, Sadie.”

 

Sadie grinned, “I know.”

 

 

“Nev!” Harry said with relief when he walked into the annexe and saw his friend lying on the sofa, “Where were you all night? I was worried sick!”

 

“I was drinking my sorrows away,” Neville said dryly.

 

“Drinking your sorrows away?” Harry asked in disbelief, “After what you just saved me from?”

 

“I’m hardly an alcoholic, Harry,” Neville snorted, “I just went on a bender because I went to break up with Lilly, and she talked me out of it.”

 

“Okay firstly, that was what I told myself to begin with,” Harry said firmly, “That I wasn’t an alcoholic. I just liked a drink to forget my sorrows, to begin with, and then I was an alcoholic, so don’t be a fucking dick, Neville.”

 

Neville sighed.

 

“And secondly, she talked you out of breaking up with her?”

 

“Yeah,” Neville said irritably, “How the fuck did she do that?”

 

“Uh…because she’s Lilly?” Harry shot back, “The most stubborn person that we know and also because deep down, I don’t think you actually want to break up with her. You were just being an impulsive Gryffindor. Does this mean you’re back together?”

 

“No,” Neville snorted, “We’re on a break until after our isolation period ends.”

 

“A break?” Harry asked with a frown, “Like when you can both see other people? That kind of break?”

 

“I guess,” Neville shrugged, “I didn’t really stay around for long enough to get a definition.”

 

“Well maybe it’s better this way,” Harry said diplomatically, “You and Lilly have something real, throwing it away after one argument would be careless. Maybe some time will help you both realise what you want.”

 

“I know what I want, Harry,” Neville said sharply, “It’s Lilly who needs to figure things out.”

 

Harry sighed, “That’s what I mean Nev, maybe some time will make her realise just what she’s missing.”

 

Neville rolled his eyes, “What is it with all of you saying that? It’s not like I’m some great catch, I’m Neville Longbottom, the idiot who got hung on a chandelier by a bunch of pixies, the stupid boy who can’t get up the grand staircase without falling through the invisible step. So what? I killed one snake; it doesn’t make me a hero.”

 

“It does, actually,” Harry said sincerely, “Because if you hadn’t killed that snake when I went into that final duel with Voldemort, he would have won. I don’t know how many lives you saved when you killed that snake, but I know it’s a lot. As for the whole being the guy who got caught by the pixies and puts his foot in the invisible step thing, that’s the guy Lilly loves. It isn’t about stupid things like that in the past Nev. It’s about the fact you are one of the most genuine guys I know. It’s about the fact you wear your heart on your sleeve, and when you fall in love, you fall hard. That’s what makes you a catch, not the fact you killed a snake once.”

 

Neville looked up at Harry in surprise, “Are you telling me you love me?”

 

Harry chuckled, “I’ve been reading some of Daph’s romance books, okay? And…well, you and I are alike. I know what it’s like to fall harder and faster than the other person, and I know what it’s like to wear your heart on your sleeve.”

 

Neville frowned, “You fell in love with Daphne before she fell in love with you,” he said.

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah, don’t you remember how close I was to calling it off because Daphne had commitment issues? Remember the whole Gabrielle drama back in school? I could have settled, Gabrielle is beautiful, she’s kind and we would have been happy together but she’s not Daphne. The kind of love I have for Daphne is wild and crazy, its unpredictable and it’s the kind of love you only feel once,” Harry said softly.

 

“That’s how I feel about Lilly,” Neville said tearfully.

 

“It’s going to be okay, Nev,” Harry assured his friend, “Daphne got over that and then…well things changed. She went from being terrified of relationships to saying yes when I proposed to her, and now we’re talking about adopting Teddy.”

 

“What are you saying, Harry?” Neville asked as he looked up at his friend again.

 

“I’m saying that when two people are in a relationship, they aren’t always ready for the next step at the same time,” Harry said honestly, “By all means, do this whole break thing and see if some space helps, but you might just have to accept that Lilly does want all the same things that you want but that she isn’t quite ready for them yet.”

 

Neville groaned and let his head fall into his hands, “I was a dick to her yesterday. I banned her from our joint party…I even said she couldn’t say goodbye to Sadie at her goodbye dinner. I said she had to do it when I wasn’t there.”

 

“Nev, you share all of the same friends,” Harry pointed out, “And that party is 50% mine, you had no right to ban her from it.”

 

“I know.”

 

“I’m going to re-invite her,” Harry said, “And that’s not me taking sides, I just…I like Lil, and I understand how lonely she must be right now. I’ve had times when all of my friends have abandoned me, and it’s not nice.”

 

“It’s fine Harry,” Neville said with a nod, “I think we do need to give ourselves this break that she was talking about, but I don’t have the right to keep her from her friends so talk to her, please.”

 

Harry nodded and headed towards the door, “And Nev?”

 

“Yeah?”

 

“Next time you need to talk, just talk to me,” Harry said quietly, “Remember what you told me, yeah? When you’re depressed or angry, I don’t want you to think you need to rely on a bottle. I want you to rely on me, your Auror partner and more importantly, your best friend.”

 

Neville smiled weakly, “Yeah, I’m sorry.”

 

Harry nodded, “I know,” he said, smiling slightly at Neville before leaving the annexe.

 

 

“It’s all my fault.”

 

Daphne frowned, “What?”

 

“Neville and Lilly going on a break,” Hermione explained, “It’s all my fault.”

 

“Why?” Daphne asked with narrowed eyes, “Did you tell him to break up with her?”

 

“Not in so many words,” Hermione replied honestly, “But he asked for my advice when we talked out in the garden, and I think what I said made him break up with her.”

 

“What did you say?” Daphne asked as she stopped preparing the vegetables.

 

“I told him what Lilly said, about not knowing whether she had a future with Neville,” Hermione admitted.

 

“Hermione,” Daphne groaned.

 

“What?” Hermione said defensively, “He had a right to know! Neville is my friend, and I don’t want him to get hurt like he did by Hannah.”

 

“Lilly is supposed to be your friend too,” Daphne reminded her, “And she probably told you that in confidence.”

 

“I was just trying to help,” Hermione said a little tearfully.

 

“The best way to help when couples argue is not to get involved,” Daphne advised her, “Because now Lilly is probably angry at you which she has a right to be, by the way, I would be angry too.”

 

“Should I apologise?”

 

“This is Lilly we’re talking about,” Daphne reminded her, “Do you really think she would accept an apology at the moment?”

 

“What do I do then?” Hermione asked as she bit her lip hard.

 

“Owl her,” Daphne replied, “At least that way she can’t curse you. After that, wait for her to approach you. Once she’s calmed down she’ll talk to you, she’s emotional, but she’s also logical. I think that’s part of the problem with you two; you’re too similar.”

 

You and I argue, and we’re not too similar,” Hermione pointed out.

 

“Friends argue, Hermione,” Daphne said with a slight smile, “We argue because we love each other. If we didn’t argue, then it would mean that we didn’t care. Lilly will forgive you, but you have to give her time.”

 

Hermione nodded and wiped her eyes, “And don’t meddle in any relationships, ever again.”

 

Daphne gave her a rueful smile, “Something like that; come here.”

 

Hermione wasn’t proud; she knew when she needed a hug and right now was one of those times. She stepped forward and hugged Daphne tightly, “I feel terrible.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said as she patted her on the back, “But it’s not irreparable, okay? We will fix things.”

 

“She didn’t come out with us on Monday,” Hermione said as she pulled back, “But that was before Neville had spoken to her.”

 

“She’s hurting, and when people hurt, they hide away,” Daphne said honestly, “But she will come out eventually, and when she does, we just need to make sure that we do whatever we can to help her.”

 

“Without getting too involved,” Hermione added.

 

Daphne smiled, “Exactly. Now, are you going to help me finish this birthday cake or not?”

 

 

“Harry! What the hell are you doing?”

 

“I’m sneaking Neville’s birthday present in,” Harry said in a terrible stage whisper.

 

“We’ve already bought him a birthday present,” Daphne said, crossing her arms as she stood before him in the entrance hall.

 

“You look so hot right now,” Harry whispered.

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow. She was wearing a simple black dress and high heels, her hair was drawn up into a messy bun, and she had her usual make-up on, complete with red lipstick.

 

“She reminds me of Euphemia when she does that.”

 

“Right, and my grandfather perving on my fiancé just ruined the moment,” Harry said as he shot an amused look up the staircase towards the portrait, “Thanks for killing the mood, Fleamont.”

 

“Call me Monty, Harry.”

 

Daphne smiled in amusement, “What have you bought him? And why is it so huge?”

 

“I felt like I needed to get him a good present as a thank you for everything he did for me,” Harry replied, “I don’t know what would have happened if Neville hadn’t gotten through to me about my little firewhiskey problem when he did.”

 

“You still haven’t told me what the present is,” Daphne said.

 

“That’s because it’s a surprise,” Harry murmured, “Just help me hide it somewhere.”

 

“I am a human being, not a thing you know!”

 

Daphne’s eyes widened, “Harry, did the present just talk?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said sheepishly, “The present talked.”

 

“This is very undignified!”

 

“Shh!” Harry said, “Come on, Daphne, we have to hide it!”

 

“Her, I am a woman!”

 

“We need to hide her,” Harry said with a roll of his eyes.

 

“There’s a perfect place in the attic, Harry.”

 

“Thanks, Monty!”

 

“And might I say, Daphne, you are looking splendid today-”

 

“Stop being a creep, Monty!”

 

“My apologies.”

 

From further down the hall, Euphemia said, “You could always visit me in my portrait more often rather than ogling my descendants, Fleamont.”

 

“Sorry, dear.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


When Harry knocked on the door of Longbottom House, there was no answer. When he knocked a second time, he didn’t even hear any movement coming from inside the house, so he was sure that Lilly was ignoring him.

 

He sighed and raised his hand to knock a third time, but before he could, the door swung open. Harry had expected to see Lilly but in her place was her house-elf.

 

“Oh hi,” Harry said brightly, “Would I be able to talk to Lilly?”

 

“Mistress Lilly is in her bedroom mister Harry,” The elf said, “I is worried about her, but she tells me no guests.”

 

“I’ll say I broke in then,” Harry promised the elf, “I’m training to be an Auror, it could easily be the truth. Where’s her bedroom?”

 

“Upstairs, first door,” The elf replied, “Please don’t tell her I lets you in mister Harry.”

 

“I promise, I won’t,” Harry said as he jogged up the stairs and followed the elves directions. He knocked on the door first, he didn’t want to walk in on her getting changed or something.

 

“I told you Tokey; I’m not hungry!”

 

“I’m not Tokey, and I don’t have any food,” Harry said, “Are you decent?”

 

“Harry, how the hell did you get in here?”

 

“I’m training to be an Auror, I know how to pick a lock,” Harry said as he opened the door and peeked in, “Oh thank Merlin, you’re not naked.”

 

Lilly glared at him, “What do you want?”

 

“I just came to apologise for Neville being a dick,” Harry said honestly, “He had no right to uninvite you to our party because it’s 50% mine and I 100% want you there. He also had no right to ban you from Sadie’s leaving dinner because it is also your leaving dinner.”

 

Lilly narrowed her eyes at him, “Why should I believe you? Neville is your best friend and your Auror partner. You must be on his side.”

 

“I hate sides,” Harry said matter of factly as he stepped into the bedroom and flung the curtains open, “And frankly, you look as shit as he does. Minus, the effects of alcohol poisoning.”

 

“He’s hungover?”

 

“I think he might still be drunk actually,” Harry said, he had to try not to laugh as Lilly pulled the covers up to shield herself from the bright light streaming in through the window.

 

“Some friend you are,” Lilly grumbled, “Aren’t friends supposed to be supportive? They don’t just come storming into their friends’ bedroom telling them that they look like shit.”

 

“I am supportively telling you that you look like shit to get you out of bed,” Harry said matter of factly, “You need a shower because you also smell. There’s no way you’re going to your leaving dinner tonight stinking and looking like shit.”

 

“You’re right because I’m not going,” Lilly said irritably, “Why would I want to sit in the same room as the guy who just tried to break up with me? I had to beg him to let us have a break so we could see how we felt at the end of it.”

 

“Look, I don’t do sides, okay?” Harry said, “But you were as much to blame as he was. I think this whole break thing is a good idea, and I hope it will give you both some perspective. But break or not, you can’t avoid all of your friends for the next two weeks so get your arse into the bathroom and get your life together.”

 

“Or what?” Lilly asked as she pulled the cover down and glared at him.

 

“Or I will come here tonight and drag you to Sadie and Theo’s place myself,” Harry said, “You don’t have to talk to Neville, you don’t even have to look at him if you don’t want to, but you do have to come to your own leaving dinner.”

 

“Fine,” Lilly said irritably, “But I’m not coming to the party.”

 

“Yes, you are,” Harry said as he walked towards the door, “But we’ll have that argument another day.”

 

 

“Is Lilly coming?” Sadie asked as she looked around the kitchen of her home.

 

“She’s coming,” Harry assured her, “I told her if she wasn’t here by 6.30 pm. I would go to Longbottom House and drag her here myself.”

 

“It’s 6.28 pm,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“Yeah but this is Lilly we’re talking about,” Susan said with an amused smile, “She won’t let Harry humiliate her by dragging her here. She’ll be here.”

 

“She will probably show up at 6.30 pm on the dot, just to piss you off,” Hermione added.

 

“What did you two fight about anyway?” Susan asked.

 

Neville sighed, “It’s a long story.”

 

“Which means he doesn’t want to talk about it tonight,” Harry said pointedly, “Tonight is about saying goodbye to Sadie and Lil for a couple of weeks, not about Neville and Lilly’s relationship.”

 

“I hear you, loud and clear,” Susan said as she shot an amused look at Neville, “Would you look at that Nev, the chosen one becomes your Auror partner and your bodyguard at the same time.”

 

Neville chuckled, “Yeah, it’s kind of annoying actually.”

 

“Hey, it’s a sought-after service,” Harry joked, “You could at least be grateful.”

 

Neville shook his head in amusement, but Harry was just glad to see him smiling. The clock ticked to 6.30 pm and right on time, the floo whirred.

 

“Told ya,” Susan smirked.

 

Harry could have rolled his eyes as Lilly stepped into the kitchen. She was dressed in jeans and a blouse, like most of the other girls. The theme had been smart-casual, so Daphne had shown up in a blouse adorned with diamante’s, naturally.

 

“Hey, Lil,” Harry said with a smile, “You look great, and you smell amazing.”

 

Daphne frowned at Harry’s choice of words, not to mention the fact that Lilly was glaring at him.

 

“Thanks, Harry,” She said stiffly.

 

Sadie looked between Lilly and Neville nervously; they refused to meet each other’s eyes. She was afraid that the entire evening would be awkward, so she said, “Okay guys! Do you want to take your seats? Harry and Daphne over there, Draco and Hermione across from them, Suse and Percy just here and Theo and I are across from you. Nev, you’re the head of the table up here and Lil, that’s you down there.”

 

Harry could have shaken his head at the obvious separation of Neville and Lilly. He knew it was for the best, but everyone else was sitting as a couple, and Sadie had put the two of them as far apart as she possibly could. Neither of them argued against it as they sat down, but Daphne did mutter to Harry, “Why did you tell her she smelled nice?”

 

“Because when I went to see her this afternoon, I said she looked like shit and needed a shower because she smelled,” Harry whispered back.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Arsehole.”

 

“What? I needed to get her out of bed somehow,” Harry murmured.

 

“So you insulted her? Honestly, no wonder you and Draco are such good friends,” Daphne said with a shake of her head.

 

Harry couldn’t say any more to defend himself, not that he thought it would help anyway, because as soon as everyone was sitting, Theo stood to make an announcement.

 

“I just wanted to thank all you guys for coming,” He said, “This new job is a big deal for Sadie, and although it’s going to suck that she’ll be gone for a few weeks, I know it’s going to be worth it for her.”

 

Sadie smiled at that, but those who knew Theo best could see the pain and concern in his eyes. He hadn’t disclosed the full extent of his fears to Sadie, and they knew that he never would because he didn’t want to say anything that would stop her from going.

 

“And then there’s Lilly,” Theo added, “Who has to go spend six months in France. Merlin knows how she’s going to cope amongst all those frogs, but when she comes back, she’ll be ready to heal us Aurors up.”

 

Lilly smiled slightly, “The French aren’t that bad Theo.”

 

Theo made a face, “Each to their own, I suppose. Anyway, this might be the last meal we all have together for quite a while so let’s just enjoy it!”

 

He clinked his spoon against his glass, and all of the dishes magically uncovered themselves, “Tuck in!”

 

Everyone did so, and as they ate, they talked to those sitting nearby them at the table.

 

“Do you think I should try to apologise to Lilly?” Hermione asked Susan in an undertone.

 

Susan frowned, “What do you have to apologise for?”

 

“It’s sort of my fault they broke up,” Hermione admitted sheepishly, “I gave him some misguided advice.”

 

“Don’t be so harsh on yourself,” Susan said gently, “That doesn’t make it your fault. Trust me; it really was my fault that Neville and Hannah broke up.”

 

“That was for the best though,” Hermione said as she bit her lip, “Hannah wasn’t right for Neville, and unfortunately it took a lot of suffering for him to be able to see that but Lilly…she’s perfect for him. Surely you can see that?”

 

Susan nodded as she glanced over at Lilly, the dark-haired girl was pushing her food around her plate and refusing to look up at anyone, “Yeah, I can. She keeps him grounded, stops him from starting to think he’s Neville the snake killing hero, you know? She indulges him when he gets all nerdy and wants to talk Herbology; she even offered to help him plant his magical garden at Longbottom House. She introduces him to new things; she challenges him. She is perfect for him.”

 

“Too good to lose,” Hermione said, “And with them being on a break or whatever it is, I think things might go sour.”

 

“Or they will totally go the other way,” Susan pointed out, “It could make them both realise how stupid they’re being and how much they love each other. At the end of the day Hermione, it could go either way, but it’s up to them which way they let it go.”

 

Hermione nodded, “I know. I’ll stay out of it; I learned my lesson after the last time I tried to meddle.”

 

“They will work it out on their own, one way or another,” Susan said knowingly, “But nobody can help them with that, as much as we all want to.”

 

 

At the other end of the table, after seeing how miserable her friend was, Sadie struck up a conversation, “Are you looking forward to going to France, Lil?”

 

“I’m nervous,” Lilly admitted, “I know it’s going to be hard, but I think when they throw us into training, I’ll be shocked by how hard it is.”

 

“But it will be amazing to live in another country for a few months,” Sadie said, “I can’t wait to observe another culture, one so different to what I know. I have no idea what wizarding Egypt is like, but I can’t wait to find out.”

 

Lilly smiled, “I’m excited to see France. I’ve never even been abroad before so for my first time leaving Britain to be for six months, its quite a big change.”

 

Sadie chuckled, “I bet you will take to it well, though. Where are you staying?”

 

“In dorms at the training centre,” Lilly replied, “It’s on the outskirts of Amiens. I think I might try to find out a little about the military history when I’m there. My Great Grandfather fought in World War One, and he was stationed in France, he was a muggle, obviously.”

 

“That’s interesting,” Theo said from Sadie’s other side, “My Grandfather was in the wizarding guards, he was stationed in Belgium in World War One.”

 

“There was a wizarding contingent in World War One?” Lilly asked in surprise.

 

“And in World War Two,” Percy piped up from Lilly’s other side, “The wizarding guards fought on horseback didn’t they? They were similar to the force that muggles call the cavalry, only with wands.”

 

Theo nodded, “That’s right, I think some of them rode Thestrals too. Then there were the dragon riders; they destroyed more cities than the muggle bombs did in world war two.”

 

“Charlus Potter was a dragon rider in World War One,” Sadie said, “They carried out aerial attacks on the German trenches.”

 

“Did the muggles know?” Lilly asked.

 

“Only those with the highest security clearance,” Percy replied.

 

“That’s interesting,” Lilly mused, “I wonder why we never learned about that in History of Magic.”

 

“Oh that’s because it’s still in living memory,” Sadie said, “Wizards live longer than muggles so we can’t study things in the near past. Out of respect to those who fought and died, we have to wait until they are out of living memory.”

 

“I guess that makes sense,” Lilly mused.

 

“I might see if I can find out anything about my Great Grandfather when I come to visit you in France,” Susan said, “He fought out there too.”

 

“Are you going to come and visit? That would be great,” Lilly said.

 

“Of course I’ll visit,” Susan said, “We’re not just going to leave you on your own in France for six months!”

 

“How are you two going to work things out, with visits?” Harry asked Theo and Sadie curiously.

 

“Well for the first two weeks that Sadie is away, I’ll be locked in the Auror training base,” Theo said, “But after that, I guess we’ll just take it in turns when she’s away. One weekend I’ll go to Egypt, and another weekend, she’ll come here.”

 

“I promised Theo I wouldn’t do any of the cool things like the pyramids until he’s there to do them with me,” Sadie said with a smile.

 

Daphne chuckled, “Yeah, you’ll love all of the mutated corpses, Theo. You’ll have to tell me if you like it out there Sade, there’s a chance I could get posted to Egypt for a few months as a curse breaker.”

 

“Not straight away though,” Harry said with a frown.

 

“No, I would have to be fully qualified first,” Daphne said, “And I would have to discuss it with you before I even considered it, of course.”

 

Harry smiled slightly, “I would probably let you go unless Ted needed you around 24/7 for some reason. You’re not running off to Egypt to get out of potty training.”

 

“Won’t Andromeda be doing that anyway?” Susan asked with a chuckle, “She is his grandma after all.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said with a slight smile, “We meant to tell you guys about that. Daphne and I are seriously talking about adopting Ted, we don’t know when we’re going to do it, but we are definitely going to do it.”

 

“Wow,” Susan said as her eyes widened, “That’s big.”

 

“But not surprising,” Percy said thoughtfully.

 

“You already love Teddy like he’s your own,” Hermione said with a smile.

 

Sadie nodded, “That’s great; you will be a proper little family.”

 

“Don’t get too excited just yet,” Daphne said to her oldest friend with a smile, “Like Harry said, we don’t know when it’s happening yet.”

 

The group all congratulated Harry and Daphne once more then the small-talk moved away from Egypt and France and babies for a while. They talked about Quidditch and Auror training as they finished their meal. Once everyone was full to the bursting, they all headed upstairs into the drawing-room where Theo got everyone drinks, minus Harry, who was staying off all alcohol for the time being.

 

They split up into little groups naturally because of the way the room was laid out, and Lilly took this as her chance to catch Sadie alone.

 

“Sadie, can I talk to you? Out of earshot of the others,” Lilly asked quietly.

 

Sadie could tell that her friend needed to talk, so she nodded, “Of course you can. Come out onto the balcony with me.”

 

Lilly followed Sadie out onto the balcony, and the blonde girl pulled the door shut behind her. There wasn’t room for any chairs out here so Sadie sat down in the warm evening air and let her feet dangle over the balcony edge through the railings.

 

Lilly chuckled and followed her lead; she already felt better for the warm breeze and the fresh air.

 

“Is this about you and Nev?” Sadie asked knowingly.

 

Lilly sighed, “I thought you might be the best person to talk to since you and Theo…”

 

“Since he was a womanising bastard and nobody understands why I married him?” Sadie guessed.

 

“No, Sadie,” Lilly said sharply, “That wasn’t what I was going to say at all.”

 

“You were thinking it,” Sadie said with a shrug, “Everybody does, but the thing is, that whole macho man thing is just a façade. Underneath that the Theo I love is…he’s worth his reputation.”

 

“But,” Lilly said as she bit her lip, “Didn’t you worry that he would struggle with commitment? Because of his…past discretions.”

 

Sadie raised an eyebrow at Lilly, “Why don’t you just tell me what this is about Lil. I find it hard to believe that Nev has commitment issues.”

 

“He doesn’t,” Lilly admitted, “I do.”

 

Sadie smiled slightly, “Well, maybe you should talk to Theo if you think he’s the one with the commitment issues.”

 

Lilly frowned, “What do you mean if I think?”

 

“I mean, yes somebody had commitment issues,” Sadie said honestly, “Somebody called off our engagement over an argument once. Somebody tried to run away the night before our wedding, but it wasn’t Theo.”

 

“Really?” Lilly asked in surprise, “How did I not know that? I mean I know that you gave him the ring back when that list came out during the prank war, but how did I not know that you nearly got cold feet?”

 

“Because the only person who does is Daph,” Sadie said honestly, “Somebody had to track me down and tell me that I was being an idiot.”

 

“But if you love Theo, then why did you do it?” Lilly asked.

 

“Because I got scared,” Sadie admitted, “Theo has a reputation, and most of the time it doesn’t bother me. But the night before our wedding, I realised that most of the world thought I was the fool marrying Theodore Nott. Daphne found me and told me that it didn’t matter what the rest of the world thought; it mattered what I thought.”

 

Lilly nodded slowly and looked out over London. The street below was busy with muggles who were going about their daily business.

 

“But you got over your fears because you did marry Theo,” Lilly said after a moment of contemplation.

 

“I realised that Daphne was right,” Sadie said, “I was being stupid, it didn’t matter what anyone else thought. How I felt was what mattered, and I knew that I loved Theo. I knew that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him. I could see our future.”

 

“What if I can’t?” Lilly asked as she turned to Sadie. She wasn’t crying, but it was clear that she was trying to hold back tears, “I know Neville is perfect, and I love him, I really do. But when I close my eyes, I can’t picture a wedding or kids running around. All that’s there is just…nothing.”

 

Sadie bit her lip, “Well…don’t take this the wrong way Lil but, I know Ravenclaws are really smart, but you guys are highly logical, aren’t you?”

 

Lilly frowned, “Logical and observant, yes.”

 

“But being smart and having an imagination, they aren’t necessarily the same thing,” Sadie said.

 

“Wait…what are you saying, Sadie?” Lilly asked.

 

“I’m saying, just because you can’t imagine those things, it doesn’t mean that you don’t want them,” Sadie said honestly, “What would you say if he were to propose to you?”

 

“At the moment, I think I would just cry and run away,” Lilly admitted, “I’m so confused Sadie. It seems like all of you guys want to get married, have kids or adopt them or whatever, but right now I want a career. I want to get through my training, and I want to become the best trauma healer that I can be. Beyond that, I don’t know what I want.”

 

“Which is why you and Neville are having a break,” Sadie realised, “To work out what you want.”

 

“To work out if I can be what he wants,” Lilly said quietly, “I don’t want to be like Hannah. I don’t want to lead him on, and I don’t want to hurt him.”

 

Sadie nodded, “I understand that, and I think what you are doing is very sensible. It must be hard, though.”

 

“It is,” Lilly sighed, “Because, although I don’t know what I want in the future, right now I know that I want Neville and…I miss him.”

 

Sadie reached over and grabbed her friend's hand, “It’s going to get better Lil, and I bet those two weeks will fly by. You’re both going to be so busy.”

 

“Yeah,” Lilly said as she looked down at her hands, “I hope so…but the party is definitely not going to fly by.”

 

“Just try to avoid each other if you think it will cause a fight,” Sadie said, “And if you need someone to talk to or drink with or dance with, I’ll be there.”

 

“Thanks, Sadie,” Lilly said as she managed a small, but genuine smile.

 

 

The night before his and Neville’s joint party, Harry woke up from a particularly bad nightmare.

 

“It’s okay, Harry,” Daphne said, gripping his wrists and forcing him to look into her eyes, “It wasn’t real. You aren’t in the graveyard, you’re at home, with me.”

 

Harry gasped sharply, “Daphne.”

 

Daphne drew him in for a hug, “It’s okay,” she murmured.

 

Harry began to relax in her arms, and Daphne held him tightly, “That’s the third one tonight, babe.”

 

“What time is it?” Harry asked, pulling away from her to wipe the sweat from his brow.

 

“4 am,” Daphne said, trying and failing to suppress a yawn.

 

“You should go to one of the guest rooms,” Harry said, “You need sleep for the party.”

 

“So do you,” Daphne said, she kissed him lightly, “I’ll stay until you fall asleep.”

 

“I don’t want to go back to sleep,” Harry sighed, “When I wake up from the really bad ones…I just…I’m-”

 

“Scared to go back to sleep?” Daphne asked knowingly.

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah,” he sighed as he pushed himself to his feet.

 

“I know that feeling,” Daphne said quietly.

 

Harry filled an empty glass of water up by the bed with aguamenti and took a grateful sip, “Because of the war?”

 

“Because of the nightmare curse,” Daphne said with a nod, “It was hell, Harry. So I know what you’re going through when you fall asleep.”

 

“What did you see? When you were trapped there?” Harry asked.

 

Daphne frowned and looked down, “My worst fear at the time which was becoming a trophy wife or…marrying into a family like the Malfoys and going dark.”

 

Harry’s eyes softened, “Daphne, baby, you could never go dark.”

 

Daphne sighed and tore her eyes away from his, “All the same. In my nightmare world, I was a psychotic murderer like Bellatrix Lestrange, and I was sleeping with Draco and Theo, who had a real Rabastan/Rodolphus relationship.”

 

“Holy shit, I can see why it was a nightmare,” Harry said, “Although the part about Draco and Theo sounds legit.”

 

The feeble joke made Daphne laugh all the same, “When Tracey got me out of that nightmare world, I was scared to go back to sleep. I spent most of the war with Sadie sleeping in my bed anyway, the little coward that she is.”

 

Harry laughed, “That sounds about right. Didn’t Blaise ever sleep with you if you guys were together?”

 

“We weren’t together,” Daphne said with a shrug, “And we didn’t have sex in beds. It wasn’t that kind of relationship.”

 

“I get it,” Harry said with a nod.

 

“Anyway,” Daphne said, she cleared her throat, “I spent the rest of the war going to sleep with Sadie or Tracey because I was terrified to close my eyes and end up trapped in that nightmare world again, and then I spent the summer after the war sleeping with Draco in my bed. Since it happened, I’ve only slept on my own for a couple of months, and I never sleep as well as I do when I’m with someone else.”

 

Harry gripped her hand tightly.

 

“So I’m a little scared, and I know it’s an illogical fear,” Daphne frowned, “But sometimes I worry that it will happen again. That one night I’ll fall asleep and end up back there. It’s why I’m a bit worried about you going away for two weeks.”

 

“Talk to Hermione,” Harry said softly, “She struggles to sleep alone too. There was a reason she and I shared bed throughout the war, and then she spent more time in Ginny’s bed than her own over the summer. You two could spend the isolation period together.”

 

Daphne smiled a little, “I’ll talk to her,” she promised, “But Harry…now that Tracey’s gone, I’m worried that if I ever did end up back in that nightmare world, I’d never get out.”

 

“No,” Harry said, grabbing his fiancé and pulling her in close, “You’d never end up trapped there because you have me now and you have no idea what I would do for you. I would go back in time, cross dimensions and I would always choose you. In a hundred lifetimes or a hundred worlds, in any version of reality, I would find you, and I would choose you. Do you understand?”

 

Daphne didn’t reply with words; she just kissed him hard. Harry smiled against her lips and pulled her back onto the bed with him, “I can think of a way to pass some time without sleeping.”

 

“Funny that,” Daphne said, moving to straddle him.

 

Harry groaned and automatically moved against her.

 

She smirked at him, “I was just thinking exactly the same thing.”

 

“If this is an early birthday present, I can’t wait for the real thing,” Harry teased with a grin as she captured his lips in a kiss.

 

Harry moved his hands up Daphne's smooth legs and along her thighs, sliding them underneath her silk nightdress, cupping her arse as he did.

 

Daphne moaned into his mouth as he did and couldn’t help herself rolling her hips slightly against him. He pulled his mouth away from her slightly as he groaned and flipped them over so that Daphne was on her back with her legs clasped around him.

 

Harry stopped moving for a moment and looked Daphne straight in the eye,” I love you so much Daph, and I’ll be thrilled to spend the rest of my life showing you.”

 

He then grabbed his wand off the bedside table and used it to vanish their clothing and cast the protective charm before putting it back. Daphne threaded her hands in his hair as Harry started to kiss her neck before slowly kissing his way down her collar bone. He continued down her body until he reached her left nipple, making her writhe slightly and let out a gasp as he teased it. Harry chuckled lowly and moved onto her other nipple, giving it the same treatment and making Daphne writhe and moan even louder.

 

Harry then moved his head back up and kissed his fiancé gently as he entered her with a slow thrust, Daphne groaned in satisfaction as he did so. Harry captured her lips in a slow kiss as he began to thrust, setting a far more sedate pace than was usual for them. Sex was usually fast and frantic during snatched moments in their increasingly hectic lives, but this wasn’t. It was slow and sensual, and all about Harry showing Daphne how much he loved her and how important she was to him.

 

They lasted a little while longer before both climaxing together and then drifting into an undisturbed sleep while wrapped in the others embrace.

 

 

“I’m not going.”

 

“Yes, you are,” Harry said.

 

“I’m not!” Lilly said as she crossed her arms, stubbornly, “And I don’t know why you’ve brought Susan as a back-up.”

 

“I’m here because I’m also going it alone to this party,” Susan said, “Perce has to go away for work. I figured we could get ready and go to the party together.”

 

“So I don’t look pathetic walking in by myself while my…while Neville lives it up?” Lilly asked hotly.

 

“Neville is not living it up,” Harry told her impatiently, “Neville is moping around looking like shit, alright? So don’t try and twist this into something that it’s not. Regardless of what is going on between you two, all of your friends will be at this party.”

 

“There’s no way we’re going to let you sit around and mope,” Susan added, “You’re coming, even if I have to drag you.”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Ugh! Why can’t you lot just let me mope in peace!” she exclaimed as she dove under her covers.

 

Harry shot Susan an exasperated look, “I’ll leave her in your hands. I need to get back to Potter Manor to finish setting things up for the party.”

 

Susan nodded, “Don’t worry, I’ll get her there,” she promised.

 

 

“This looks great!”

 

“Didn’t I tell you that I was good at throwing a party?” Draco asked with a smirk.

 

“Hey, who manipulated the weather environment spell to give us a heatwave?” Hermione objected.

 

Harry sniggered at that, “Thanks Hermione, that’s the most important thing. We can’t have a barbeque without a bit of sun, can we?”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “So I set the whole garden up, but she gets the high praise because she brought the sun out?”

 

“Yep,” Daphne said from where she was lying on a sun lounger.

 

Harry grinned, “What did you do to help, Daph?”

 

“Oh, I made sure everything was where you wanted it,” Daphne said as she looked at him over the top of her glasses.

 

“From the comfort of her sun lounger,” Draco muttered.

 

Harry shook his head and chuckled in amusement, “Come on, you weren’t expecting anything more from her, were you?”

 

“No,” Draco said as he shot his friend an amused look, “I know what she’s like.”

 

“High maintenance,” Harry mumbled with a smile, “Hard work.”

 

“I can hear you,” Daphne pointed out, “And you were not complaining about me being hard work last night.”

 

Harry grinned, “No, I wasn’t, and if you're trying to embarrass me, it won’t work. Draco and I compare notes.”

 

Daphne snorted, “Classy.”

 

Harry laughed and looked around the garden. It really did look fantastic, Draco had set up tables and chairs on the patio area to make it look like an outdoor restaurant. He had also covered the whole area with a huge gazebo.

 

“So do I need to do anything?” Harry asked.

 

Draco shook his head, “All the charms are set up on the Quidditch pitch, I just need to light it up for the game.”

 

“And I’ve set out all of the jars,” Hermione said, “I’ll fill them all with magical fires just before the party starts tonight.”

 

“Thanks, guys,” Harry said with a genuine smile.

 

“You shouldn’t have to set up your own birthday party, Harry,” Hermione said with a smile, “We didn’t mind.”

 

“Speaking of birthdays, where is Neville?” Harry asked.

 

“We haven’t seen him all morning,” Hermione admitted, “How is Lilly?”

 

“As miserable as Neville is,” Harry said honestly, “I’ve managed to convince her to come to the party tonight, but I doubt we’ll see her this afternoon.”

 

“Theo floo-ed,” Draco said, “He and Sadie are heading over after lunch.”

 

“When they get here tell them to keep the public displays of affection to a minimum,” Harry said as he glanced over at the annexe, all of the curtains were drawn shut, “It’s going to be hard enough for Nev and Lil.”

 

Draco nodded, “Sure, I’ll tell them.”

 

“Are you going to go and talk to him?” Hermione asked with a frown, “I’m worried.”

 

“So am I,” Harry said honestly, “I’ll see you guys later. Oh, Daph, I know you want to sun yourself until you turn into a prune babe, but I need you to go to the kitchen. The elves need to know what kind of finger food to serve at the party.”

 

“Alright,” Daphne said as she made a show of how difficult it was to get up from her sun lounger.

 

Harry grinned at her as he began to walk towards the annexe, “Yeah, I know, it’s a hard life.”

 

Daphne shot him a grin in response as she disappeared into the house.

 

 

“Neville, if you don’t unlock the door I’m breaking in.”

 

“It’s not locked,” Neville drawled, “I’ve just been ignoring everyone all morning.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes and pushed the door open. When he stepped in, he found Neville lying on the sofa again, “There’s a bedroom upstairs in here, mate.”

 

“The sofa is comfy,” Neville shrugged.

 

“Happy birthday,” Harry said as he shut the door behind him and observed his friend.

 

“Well, half right,” Neville said, “It is my birthday.”

 

Harry sighed, “We’re having a party tonight, Nev, you could at least pretend to be happy that it’s your birthday.”

 

“I’m not going.”

 

“You can’t not go,” Harry said in exasperation, “It’s our birthday party; you kind of need to be there.”

 

“So I can spend a night trying to avoid Lilly again?” Neville asked irritably, “It was bad enough at the leaving dinner!”

 

“This is different,” Harry said honestly, “This is a big party, not a small gathering. It will be much easier to avoid her.”

 

“Oh because that makes it so much better,” Neville muttered sarcastically.

 

“Look, Neville, I know you miss her and I know this sucks, alright?” Harry said, “But you can’t spend the next two weeks moping around the place.”

 

Neville rubbed his eyes, “I’ll be fine; you don’t have to keep checking in on me.”

 

“I do actually because you and Lilly both love each other so much that neither of you are coping with being apart very well,” Harry admitted, “I’ve already spent half an hour at Longbottom House trying to force her to come to the party tonight, don’t make me force you too.”

 

“Fine,” Neville sighed, “But as for the whole faking happiness thing, I don’t know if I can manage that.”

 

“Baby steps, I guess,” Harry said as he headed for the door, “You should check out the garden, by the way, it looks great.”

 

Neville just waved an uninterested hand at this comment.

 

 

Neville had been dreading the evening for the entire day. For the most part, he had locked himself up in the annexe but eventually he had been forced to get dressed and head outside for his and Harry’s party.

 

The first thing he did was grab a drink and the second thing he planned to do was hide away in a quiet corner of the garden, but before he could, Harry grabbed him and dragged him into the drawing-room

 

“Harry, I’m not in the mood for surprises,” Neville complained.

 

“I don’t care; I worked too hard on this,” Harry said stubbornly, “I got you an extra special birthday present this year as a thank you for saving my life.”

 

“I didn’t save your life-”

 

“You made me realise that I was being a selfish bastard,” Harry said calmly, “You got through to me before it was too late, okay? So shut up, stop saying you didn’t do anything and accept this present I’ve been working on all bloody week for you.”

 

“Fine,” Neville muttered, “What is it?”

 

“I spoke to Minerva,” Harry began, “She gave me all the memories I needed to imbue it properly so it’s as close a likeness as I can get, but when you add your own memories, it will be perfect. I thought you would like to hang it in Longbottom House since all of the portraits were water damaged.”

 

Neville’s eyes widened as Harry spoke and realisation dawned. Harry yanked the dust cover away, and Neville stared at a portrait of his grandmother in disbelief.

 

“It’s perfect,” Neville murmured as he stared, “It’s just like her…” he smiled, there was even a vulture hat on the dresser behind her in the portrait.

 

Augusta smiled at him, “Chin up, lad.”

 

“Sorry, Gran,” Neville said with a sad smile, “It’s been a tough few days, and this is just…to much.”

 

Harry put his arm around Neville, “You deserved a good birthday present, Nev.”

 

“And you need to get that Lillian Moon told,” Augusta said sternly, “She’s acting like a real little lady.”

 

Neville shot Harry a watery grin, “Have you been gossiping with my gran?”

 

“No, she worked out that while I was storing her here, she could move around the portraits in Potter Manor,” Harry said with a roll of his eyes, “And Adeline Potter is a real gossip!”

 

“I am not!”

 

Harry shot the portrait woman a grin. The dark-haired, green-eyed beauty was sitting on a tree swing. She was swinging aimlessly in her portrait. She was a lovely young woman in her early 20’s in her painting.

 

“We were just catching up,” Augusta said, “Adeline was my sister-in-law.”

 

“Sister-in-law?” Neville asked in surprise.

 

“Yeah,” Harry said with a wave of his hand, “Your grandfather, Edward, had two siblings. His younger sister Gertrude and Harfang II.”

 

“I know, but I didn’t realise either of them were married to a Potter,” Neville said in surprise, “How come you never told me that Gran?”

 

“Meh,” Augusta said, “It never came up.”

 

Harry laughed, “Harfang II had a different Mother from your Grandad and his sister. His mother was Callidora Black who died in childbirth. So Harfang I married Ada Abbott and had your grandad and your great-aunt.”

 

“Abbott?” Neville’s eyes widened, “Gran! You never told me I was related to Hannah!”

 

“Hannah?” Augusta asked.

 

“The girl I dated before Lilly,” Neville said in disbelief, “Hannah Abbott?”

 

“Oh, that’s a whole different line,” Augusta scoffed, “You’re hardly related. Not like this one though, eh? Marrying his second cousin. Typical Potter, they always loved to keep it in the family.”

 

“I regret commissioning you,” Harry snorted.

 

Neville just let out a hearty laugh and said, “It’s great to have you back, Gran.”

 

“I’m glad someone thinks so,” Harry joked.

 

Neville drew Harry in for a hug and murmured, “Thank you, Harry. You have no idea how much this means to me.”

 

“I think I do,” Harry said, pulling back from the hug and placing his hand on Neville’s cheek, “I cling to the family I can too, you know?”

 

“Oh for the love of the founders!”

 

“What?” Harry and Neville asked, turning to the portrait of Augusta.

 

“You two!” Augusta exclaimed, “It’s like watching Abraxas Malfoy and Thaddeus Nott all over again!”

 

Harry and Neville caught each other's eye.

 

“Oh…fuck.”

 

“Well…shit.”

 

“Language!”

 

“Sorry, Gran.”

 

 

The portrait had really boosted Neville’s mood. He was standing with Ron; they were talking about when Ginny and Katie were both due. They were both having a drink, and Neville was laughing at some of the more crazy baby names that Ron had suggested to Katie.

 

Then Lilly walked into the garden, and Neville sighed. She looked absolutely stunning, and his heart ached. He could see her scanning the crowd for him, so he purposefully tore his eyes away for her and walked over to Harry.

 

Neville put on his best fake smile and said, “Good work with the set-up Harry.”

 

Harry smiled at his friend, “Thanks, but it wasn’t me.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “It was me, but Hermione got all of the credit because she made it hot.”

 

Neville chuckled, “I don’t suppose my illustrious ex has arrived yet?”

 

“Yeah, her and Susan just got here,” Harry said with a slight frown, “And if you’re on a break, she’s not your ex.”

 

Neville shrugged, “She might as well be. A break means that we can see other people so I might as well have fun tonight, right?”

 

Harry and Draco shared a glance, “Uh…” Harry said.

 

“I wouldn’t,” Draco added, “When girls say a break, I don’t think that’s quite what they mean.”

 

Neville scoffed, “Well, what other point is there to it? Theo, you must be with me on this one.”

 

“If you had actually broken up then yeah, I would condone this very me-like destructiveness,” Theo said, “But let me put it this way if Sadie and I were on a break and I tried anything with another girl then she would hurt me, very badly.”

 

Neville rolled his eyes, “Well if that is how Lilly feels then I guess it’s her fault. She was the one who wanted a break, so like I told her, if that’s what she wants, it’s going to be a clean one.”

 

Before his friends could say anymore, he grabbed another drink and disappeared into the crowd.

 

“Alright, Mr ‘we shouldn’t interfere too much’,” Draco said as he looked pointedly at Harry, “Do we interfere now?”

 

“If we want to save Neville from a nasty fate that probably involves castration, I would say we interfere now,” Theo said.

 

“Yeah,” Harry sighed, “He’s being self-destructive, and she’s being an idiot. It’s time to interfere.”

 

“I’m starting to doubt that you will ever have a plain sailing birthday party,” Hermione said with a smile as she and Daphne walked over to them.

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “Well there are no Death Eaters at this one, so I guess it’s an improvement on my 17th. Are you going to help with operation, ‘save Neville and Lilly’s relationship’?”

 

“Of course I am,” Hermione said, “I feel responsible for the mess the two of them are in at the moment anyway. I’ll do anything I can to help.”

 

“I’ll help,” Daphne said as she sipped a large bright pink cocktail, “I might be slightly tipsy, but I’ll help.”

 

Harry chuckled, “Come on then, let’s get our heads together. How are we going to do this?”

 

 

Lilly wanted to spend the party getting drunk and avoiding Neville, but as it transpired, things took a slightly different turn. Lilly was a few drinks in at the makeshift free bar when an old school friend approached her.

 

“What’s up, Lil? Not the life of the party like you normally are!”

 

Lilly looked up and smiled, “Oh, hey Mikey.”

 

Michael Corner smiled down at her, “Why are you drinking your sorrows away?”

 

“Neville and I are…” Lilly frowned, “We’re on a break so being at his joint birthday party isn’t really that fun.”

 

“Ah,” Michael said with a nod, “I get it. Do you know what’s weird for me? My ex is here too, but she’s married to Blaise Zabini now, and pregnant with his kid.”

 

Lilly chuckled, “Yeah, that probably beats me on the weird factor.”

 

Michael laughed and held out his hand, “Why don’t you dance with me?”

 

Lilly glanced around but couldn’t see Neville, “I don’t know if that’s such a good idea…”

 

“Come on, Lil, it’s more fun than drinking alone,” Michael said with a warm smile, “And it might even piss Neville off too.”

 

Lilly smiled slightly at that, “That’s vindictive.”

 

“The Lillian Moon I knew had a Slytherin side to her,” Michael said as he raised an eyebrow, “Has she changed?”

 

Lilly was about to say yes, she had changed, but then she spotted Neville. He was talking to a blonde girl that she didn’t know, the girl was laughing, and it looked very much like he was flirting with her. She swallowed hard as jealousy roared in her chest, then she looked up at Michael once more, “No, she hasn’t.”

 

Michael grinned, “Then let’s dance.”

 

 

“Why is Lilly dancing with Michael Corner?” Hermione asked as she facepalmed.

 

“Because Michael Corner and Lilly sort of have a history,” A new voice said.

 

Hermione spun around, “Oh, hey, Gin.”

 

Ginny smiled, “Hey, you so need to catch me up on whatever is going on with Nev and Lilly, cause right now, it looks like she’s dancing with her ex and Neville is dancing with Em from my year.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said sheepishly, “She’s in Auror training with us. As for what is going on with those two, they are on a break.”

 

“Why?” Ginny asked with a frown, “What happened?”

 

“Lilly has commitment fears, and Neville wants marriage and kids. You can work the rest out,” Draco said with a wave of his hand.

 

“So their what, seeing other people?” Ginny asked in disbelief.

 

“Neville interpreted ‘on a break’ that way,” Harry said with a nod.

 

“And so did Lilly, if that’s her ex,” Theo pointed out.

 

“Yeah, Michael and Lilly dated in sixth year,” Ginny said, “And they were sort of on and off during the war.”

 

“You mean she fucked him during the war?” Daphne asked bluntly.

 

“While I was sleeping with Neville, yeah,” Ginny replied sheepishly, “And I’m not actually bitter about it or anything, but Michael broke up with me for Lilly.”

 

“Lilly doesn’t seem like the type to date someone else’s boyfriend,” Hermione frowned.

 

“You didn’t seem like the type to have a reckless romance with a former Death Eater to be fair, Princess,” Theo said.

 

Hermione whacked him over the head, “Call me, Princess one more time, I dare you.”

 

Theo took a step back, “Nope, I’m good.”

 

Ginny shook her head in amusement, “You’re going to be an Auror, but you’re still scared of Hermione?”

 

“She’s scarier than half the Death Eaters I’ve met,” Theo said in a staged whisper.

 

Draco smirked, “Keep going, and she will hurt you.”

 

Hermione just nodded as Sadie joined the group, “What’s going on?”

 

“We’re trying to save Neville and Lilly’s relationship,” Theo informed his wife.

 

“And catching Gin up on what’s going on,” Harry added.

 

“Why is she dancing with Michael Corner?” Sadie asked with a frown.

 

“Because as we just discovered from the oracle of Hogwarts gossip that Michael Corner dated Lil in sixth year. He broke up with Gin for her, what a douche right?” Harry said.

 

Daphne shook her head, “You sound so gay.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, and Ginny said, “Yeah, but like I was saying, it wasn’t like that. He was already friends with Lilly, and they started to have feelings for each other, so he broke up with me before anything could happen between them.”

 

“How long were they together for?” Draco asked curiously.

 

“About six months,” Ginny replied, “Longer if you include the on-off stuff during the war.”

 

“Shit,” Daphne sighed, “If we don’t intervene soon, they’ll hook up.”

 

“How do you know that?” Hermione and Ginny asked in unison.

 

“Because generally speaking,” Daphne explained, “If someone is upset after a break-up, they are far more likely to sleep with an ex if they dated that ex for over six months.”

 

“You’ll be safe then,” Harry joked, “I never managed a relationship that long before I met you.”

 

“I guess you’ll have to watch out for Viktor,” Hermione told Draco with a smirk.

 

“You didn’t date for over six months!” Harry exclaimed.

 

“Yes, we did,” Hermione said sheepishly, “We started dating around Halloween and broke things off at the end of the year.”

 

“Hermione, are you telling me you secretly dated Krum for a whole school year and didn’t tell me about it?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

“Well I couldn’t tell Ron, could I? And if I had told you then you would have told Ron because you two were joined at the hip back then,” Hermione said irritably.

 

“She has a point,” Theo said.

 

Draco nodded, “You were rather fond of each other.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “I hope nothing happened…you know…sexually? He was 17, and you were 14, it’s wrong!”

 

“15, her birthday is in September,” Draco said, “And I agree that it’s wrong but how could you not have noticed? All year she blushed every time the brute smiled at her and then there were all those times she sneaked in from the grounds at night or the fact she spent far longer than normal in the library even by her standards.”

 

Hermione looked up in surprise, “You noticed all of that?”

 

“I didn’t notice any of that,” Harry muttered under his breath.

 

“Well I highly doubt that you were insanely jealous all year because you were falling in love with her,” Draco said matter of factly.

 

“That would be true,” Harry said, he smiled slightly as Hermione blushed deeply and Draco placed his arm around her shoulder.

 

“Oh hell no,” Daphne barked, “Do you see that? I am going to kill her!”

 

As Daphne stalked away, the others looked around in confusion. They followed her line of sight and saw what had outraged her, Neville had moved on from Emily and was dancing with Hannah. The two of them were dancing very closely together, and it looked like Hannah was going to try and kiss him.

 

 

“Hey, stranger.”

 

Neville glanced over, “Oh, hey Han.”

 

“Where’s your other half?” Hannah asked.

 

“She’s…she’s sort of not my other half,” Neville said with a shrug, “We’re on a break.”

 

Hannah’s eyes lit up, “Oh, so you’re seeing other people, then?”

 

“I guess,” Neville replied, “But to be honest, I’m just trying to have fun and forget about her tonight.”

 

“I can get on board with that,” Hannah said with a smile, “Do you want to dance?”

 

Neville nearly said no, but then he saw something out of the corner of his eye. He saw Lilly dancing with Michael Corner who he knew was her ex. He saw Michael throw her back and he saw her laughing. When he pulled her back up, he held her close to him, and at that point, Lilly looked straight at Neville.

 

It made his blood boil, “Sure,” he said as he grabbed Hannah and pulled her close as the fast number turned into a slow one. They didn’t talk as they danced, but it did bring back memories and feelings for both of them after all this was someone who Neville had really cared about for quite a long time. He was reminded of how much fun they had at the Halloween Ball which seemed so long ago now.

 

“I’ve missed this a little,” Hannah said as she looked up at Neville.

 

Neville, in his drunken state, decided that it would be a good idea to nod and say, “So have I.”

 

Of course, it was a terrible idea because it gave Hannah the encouragement that she had wanted. She pressed herself up onto her tiptoes and captured his lips in a kiss.

 

 

Lilly felt sick when she glanced around and saw Neville kissing Hannah. She knew she could leave here with Michael if she wanted and get revenge, but unlike him, she wasn’t willing to stoop that low.

 

She stopped dancing and tore her eyes away from them as they filled with tears.

 

Michael followed her line of sight and sighed when he saw what had upset her, “What a dick. Come on, let’s get a drink and get away from those two.”

 

“No,” Lilly said as she wiped her eyes, “I just want to go, I never wanted to come to this stupid party anyway.”

 

“Just let me apparate you home, Lil?” Michael asked, “Or let me find someone who can. You’ve had a few drinks, and you’re upset.”

 

Lilly nodded tearfully as Michael put an arm around her, “Yeah? Is that okay?”

 

“That’s okay,” Lilly said through her tears.

 

“Come on then,” Michael said gently as he guided her towards the door.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


The moment Neville realised what Hannah was doing, he pulled away and frowned at her. In that split-second, he didn’t know what to say, but as it turned out, somebody said it for him anyway.

 

“You bitch!” Daphne exclaimed as she reached them, she slapped Hannah hard across the face, “What the hell is wrong with you? Did you decide you didn’t do a good enough job of fucking him over the first time? Did you have to come back and give it another try?”

 

Hannah glared at her and reached for her wand, “Did you just slap me?”

 

“Yes I did, and don’t even try it, honey, I’m marrying an Auror,” Daphne said. With a flick of her hand, Hannah’s wand had been yanked away from her.

 

“Give me that back!” Hannah said as Daphne caught the wand.

 

“I’ll give it back to you as I escort you from the premises,” Daphne said darkly, “And you will not be invited back to this house again.”

 

Hannah scoffed, “It isn’t your house.”

 

“Oh, I think you will find that it is,” Daphne said as she grabbed Hannah’s arm and pulled her towards the house, “I have the strength to shove you through the fireplace and the authority to block your floo signature so that you can’t bother Neville here again.”

 

Hannah groaned, “I just wanted him back!”

 

“You gave up that luxury a long time ago when you were more interested in his fame than in him,” Daphne said firmly as she marched Hannah through the house into the kitchen, “So don’t you dare come here and try to ruin the best thing that’s ever happened to Neville.”

 

“They’re on a break!”

 

“Yeah, and things that are broken can easily be fixed. Have you heard of reparo?” Daphne said, “Bye Hannah, have a nice trip,” she said as she pushed the blonde girl into the fireplace and muttered an incantation that banished her from the house.

 

When she was finished, she dusted her hands off and turned around. She was planning on heading back to the garden, but she was surprised to see Neville standing behind her.

 

“Thank you Daph,” He said with genuine emotion.

 

Daphne shrugged, “Someone had to slap that bitch, literally.”

 

“I just…I didn’t realise that you were so loyal,” Neville admitted.

 

“People need to earn my loyalty, and it’s not easy to come by,” Daphne said honestly, “But you are my fiancé’s Auror partner, best friend and future best man, so I have to look out for you.”

 

Neville smiled slightly, “I appreciate that, but if you don’t think the others will mind, I think I’m just going to head to bed before I can do anything else destructive.”

 

Daphne nodded, “I think that would be a very sensible idea.”

 

Neville stepped forward and hugged her, which took Daphne by surprise. She rather awkwardly patted him on the back as he squeezed her tightly.

 

“I do mean it, thank you for what you did out there,” Neville said as he pulled back from the hug.

 

Daphne could only nod in surprise as Neville disappeared from the kitchen. She left shortly after him to inform the others of what had just transpired between Neville and Hannah. When she reached them by the bar, they were all whispering in panicked tones.

 

“What did I miss while I was kicking Hannah out of our house forevermore?” Daphne asked with a frown.

 

“Lilly, leaving with Michael Corner,” Hermione replied.

 

“Seriously? And nobody stopped her?” Daphne asked irritably, “I did my part. Why didn’t anyone stop her?”

 

“Because,” Sadie cut in, “We didn’t see them until they were virtually gone.”

 

“Great,” Daphne sighed, “She’s going to throw away the best thing to ever happen to her. Seriously, what is wrong with those two?”

 

“They’ll work it out, or they won’t,” Theo said with a shrug, “But it’s up to them to work out, not us.”

 

Harry looked at Theo in surprise, “That is actually very wise.”

 

“And it makes complete sense,” Draco added.

 

Theo smirked, “What did I tell you? I’m all grown up now. Look at me; I’m the married, responsible one.”

 

“Oh dear Merlin,” Hermione said with a shake of her head, “What is the world coming to?”

 

 

When Neville woke up on the 31st of July, he felt terrible. It wasn’t just because he had a hangover either; he knew he had treated Lilly terribly.

 

He took a sober-up potion to kill his headache and looked at the pile of presents at the end of his bed; he hadn’t opened them on his birthday because he hadn’t felt in a celebratory mood, but he supposed it would be polite to open them at some point.

 

As it was Harry’s birthday, Neville decided that he would prefer to open his presents with some company, so he levitated them into the kitchen where Harry and Daphne were arguing over breakfast.

 

“But it’s my birthday, so you are obligated to make me breakfast.”

 

“But I don’t do good breakfast. This is why we have multiple house-elves. I mean we got Ceecee because of Kreacher's rules about cooking-”

 

“Can’t you just make me breakfast this once? Just one day a year, breakfast and a cup of tea, that’s all I ask.”

 

“Unless you want toast and butter, I am not making you breakfast,” Daphne said as she placed a mug in front of him, “But there’s your cup of tea.”

 

Harry shook his head, “I’ll remember this the next time you ask for pancakes in the morning. I’ll just tell you that we have a house-elf to make them for you.”

 

“But you make the best pancakes!” Daphne objected.

 

“Well then I’m sorry you won’t be getting to try them again,” Harry said.

 

“Well, in that case, I won’t be doing that thing you really enjoyed last night, ever again,” Daphne remarked.

 

“Daphne!” Harry objected. Then he spotted Neville slipping into the kitchen, “Oh, morning Nev.”

 

“Morning, Harry,” Neville said with a small smile, “And happy birthday.”

 

“Happy belated birthday to you,” Harry said, “Didn’t you open your presents yesterday?”

 

“Nah, I wasn’t really in the mood,” Neville said as he set them down on the table, “The only one I opened was the portrait of my gran.”

 

“Told you he’d loved it,” Harry murmured to Daphne.

 

“I knew he would; I just wasn’t a fan of keeping it in our attic for two days,” Daphne said, shooting Neville an amused look, “You should open your presents, Nev.”

 

Harry nodded, “And you should open yours first since your birthday is technically over. Open the big one first, that’s from Daph and me.”

 

“But you got me the portrait,” Neville said with a frown.

 

“We’d already gotten you a gift when Harry decided a grand gesture was required to thank you from pulling him from the brink of destruction,” Daphne said, smiling fondly at her fiancé.

 

Neville chuckled and opened the present, “A pop-up greenhouse?”

 

“It looks like a joke, but it isn’t,” Harry assured him, “There are seeds for over 20 different species of magical plants in there. I figured it would be a good way to get your magical plant garden started at Longbottom House.”

 

Neville smiled, “That’s really thoughtful, thanks, guys.”

 

“I just wrote the card,” Daphne mumbled.

 

“Ignore her, she’s playing it cool around you because you hugged her yesterday and she doesn’t know how to deal with affection,” Harry said as he grinned at his friend.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “I really did just write the card.”

 

Neville chuckled at that and opened the next present which was a t-shirt from Susan that said, “Don’t mess with me because…” then on the back it said, “I’m an Auror.”

 

He also had a book about creating your own magical plant paradise from Draco and Hermione and a collection of rare potions ingredients from Sadie and Theo.

 

The last present in the pile was so small that Neville had almost missed it and he realised with a lurch that it was probably from Lilly. He opened it cautiously, half expecting it to be cursed but what was inside surprised him.

 

It was a pocket watch, and as Neville opened the box, a piece of parchment fell out. He ignored this and frowned as he examined the watch.

 

“What is it, Nev?”

 

“It’s a pocket watch,” Neville said, “I think…it looks like my Fathers, but his was damaged badly when the Lestrange’s attacked.”

 

Neville turned the pocket watch over and frowned; the initials “F.L.” were engraved on the back. The watch opened from both the back and the front, so Neville opened the front first.

 

On one side was the watches face and on the other was a picture of Neville and Lilly from Theo and Sadie’s wedding. Neville swallowed the lump that rose in his throat at the sight and opened the back of the watch. On one side he could see the mechanics of the watch and on the other was a picture of Frank and Alice on their wedding day.

 

“Shit,” Neville muttered as he picked up the parchment and unfolded it.

 

“What is it?” Harry asked.

 

“I think I might have made a huge mistake,” Neville said as his eyes scanned the note.

 

“Neville,

 

I know we’re on a break, but I couldn’t not give you this. I know wizards are supposed to get their Father’s watches on their 17th birthday, so I’m sorry that this is a couple of years late.

 

I know you don’t like to take me to see your parents and I hope you won’t be angry by what I’m about to tell you. I go to see them once a week, and I tell them all about us and what you are up to. I think they are really proud that you got into Auror training.

 

I found your Dads watch in the pocket of an old robe and I thought you would want it, so I started restoring it for you. I hope you like it.

 

Love,

Lilly.”

 

“I have made a huge mistake,” Neville said as he got to his feet, “I need to talk to Lilly.”

 

“Nev, wait,” Harry said quickly.

 

Neville stopped and turned around, “What?”

 

“Lilly…she left the party with Michael Corner last night,” Daphne said, “The others tried to stop her, but they weren’t quick enough.”

 

“She left with Michael Corner?” Neville asked, his initial reaction to that was outrage, “Michael bloody Corner? Michael, I wear a leather jacket and ride a motorbike, so every girl wants me, Corner?”

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at his best friend, “Nev, you have a flying motorbike, and you killed a snake with a fricking sword. That takes some upper body strength, trust me, girls want you too.”

 

“I don’t,” Daphne commented.

 

“Yeah well I’m actually quite glad about that,” Harry said as he shot her an amused look.

 

“I can’t believe she slept with her ex!” Neville said irritably as he ignored Harry and Daphne.

 

“Neville, you were the one who was all for sleeping with someone else last night,” Harry reminded him, “And if it wasn’t for Daphne then you probably would have slept with your ex too so…”

 

“No, he had already pulled away when I slapped her,” Daphne said matter of factly, “He wasn’t going to sleep with her.”

 

Neville nodded, “I need to talk to her, but if she slept with her ex in my house, I don’t think I could ever forgive her.”

 

“Well,” Daphne said as she bit her lip, “Good luck with that.”

 

 

When Neville stepped into Longbottom House, his first thoughts were that it was very quiet. It was still fairly early so he figured that Lilly might still be asleep, he just hoped she wasn’t asleep with Michael Corner.

 

As he walked up the stairs towards their bedroom, he started to feel sick. He didn’t think he could handle seeing her with another guy in there.

 

When he reached the bedroom door, he knocked and called out Lilly’s name, but there was no response, so he opened the door slowly and cautiously. He frowned when he realised that the bed hadn’t been slept in, he supposed she could have gone back to Michael’s place though.

 

He made his way downstairs and began to conclude that the house was empty because it was so quiet. Before he assumed anything though, he went to the kitchen to ask Tokey if she had seen Lilly the night before.

 

When he got there, he noticed a scroll of parchment on the kitchen counter, and his stomach turned. He began to imagine the worst scenario as he grabbed the scroll and unrolled it frantically. His eyes scanned Lilly’s familiar writing as quickly as they could;

 

“Neville,

 

I’ve come to the conclusion that leaving for France early is the best idea for both of us. I don’t want to live in a house surrounded by good memories anymore because it’s too painful and you deserve your own place back, not the annexe at Harry and Daphne’s.

 

I’m trying not to be bitter, and I hope you and Hannah are happy together since you seem to be willing to give her a second chance. I always wondered if I was only filling in the gap she had left in your heart anyway. I realised last night that I couldn’t do this whole ‘break’ thing, Michael took me home because I was upset and I had been drinking, he kissed me, and I just felt sick because all I wanted was you. Of course, by that point, it was too late to tell you that, but I guess that’s my own fault.

 

I hope we can try to keep things civil for the sake of everyone else in our friend group. Good luck with Auror training, I know you are going to be great at it, and I’m happy that Harry has your back.

 

All my love, despite the last few days,

Lilly.”

 

Neville wasn’t ashamed of the fact he was crying by the time he got to the end of the letter, part of it was relief because she had just left for France, she hadn’t done anything stupid. Another part of it was because Lilly had just broken up with him and she had done it in a bloody letter.

 

He wiped his eyes and shoved the letter into his pocket. Neville didn’t even bother trying to gather himself before throwing floo powder into the fireplace and heading back to Potter Manor.

 

When he stepped back into the kitchen, he was glad that nobody else was there apart from Harry and Daphne.

 

Harry saw Neville’s red eyes and tearstained face and sighed, “I’m sorry mate.”

 

“She didn’t sleep with Michael,” Neville said quietly, “But she left me.”

 

“What? Why?” Harry asked sharply.

 

“She saw me with Hannah and thought that we were going to get back together,” Neville said, “So she left for France, and she broke up with me in this shitty goodbye letter.”

 

“So what are you going to do about it?” Daphne asked.

 

“What do you mean?”

 

“I mean, you are Neville Longbottom, you stood up to Lord Voldemort himself. You had a burning hat on top of your head, and you didn’t even cry out in pain,” Daphne said, “You beheaded a snake with the bloody sword of Gryffindor. Are you just going to roll over and cry like a baby, or are you going to do something about this?”

 

“You’re right!” Neville said as a determined glint appeared in his eyes, “I’m not going to roll over and do nothing! I’m going to go to France, and I’m going to get her back!”

 

“Great idea!” Harry piped up, “Where in France is she, exactly?”

 

“Uh…” Neville floundered, “The Centre for Trauma Healing in…Amiens.”

 

“Where is this centre exactly? Amiens is a big city,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“I…uh…well, I don’t know,” Neville admitted, “But I’ll find out, even if it takes me all weekend!”

 

“That’s the spirit!” Daphne said eagerly, “Go find the love of your life, Neville!”

 

“I will!” Neville said, “Thanks, Daphne.”

 

Daphne just smiled at him as he left the kitchen to gather up some of his things from the annexe. Once he was gone, Harry looked at her with a smile, “Did you just encourage Neville to go find Lilly in France because you happen to know that Draco and Hermione are going away for the weekend?”

 

“I did it because those two love each other and it was the right thing to do,” Daphne said.

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at her, “Uh-huh?”

 

“And maybe a little bit because I want to make the most of this weekend since we won’t see each other for two weeks,” Daphne admitted with a smirk.

 

“Merlin, that’s hot,” Harry muttered under his breath, he pulled her to him and kissed her hard. She pushed herself up and wrapped her arms around his neck. Harry had just grabbed her arse to pull her closer when he heard footsteps in the entrance hall.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes as they split apart, “Those two have the worst timing,” she mumbled as Draco and Hermione stepped into the kitchen in their pyjamas.

 

“Happy Birthday Harry!”

 

Harry put on a smile for his friends, “Thanks, guys.”

 

“Is Nev up yet?” Hermione asked as she looked at the pile of presents on the table.

 

“He was,” Daphne replied, “He opened his presents and got something from Lilly that made him cry, so he went to Longbottom House to talk to her then came back with a note that she had written him. She basically broke up with him and fled for France.”

 

“So he’s gone to France,” Harry said, “To win her back.”

 

“Well,” Draco said with a raised eyebrow, “That took a surprising turn.”

 

“You haven’t opened your presents yet,” Hermione pointed out as she poured herself a cup of coffee from the pot on the table.

 

“I was waiting for you guys,” Harry admitted, “I thought it would be polite.”

 

“Well, we’re here now, so go on, open them,” Hermione said.

 

Harry smiled and began to tear into his presents. There was a box of homemade fudge from Molly and a hand-carved wooden figurine of a snitch from Hagrid. Susan had got him a big box of Honeydukes treats and Ron had given him a Weasley’s Wizard Wheezes selection box.

 

“Cheap,” Daphne muttered, “I bet he didn’t even have to pay for that.”

 

“Well he is having a kid so if he’s trying to save money, I don’t really mind that,” Harry said honestly, “It’s the thought that counts, I only got him a box of Bertie Botts for his birthday.”

 

“He’s become one of those friends then,” Draco observed.

 

“What does that mean?” Harry asked with a frown.

 

“The ones you stay in touch with because you used to be really close with them,” Hermione said quietly, “You exchange crappy birthday gifts and Christmas cards and meet up once a year but you’re never as close as you used to be.”

 

“Way to kill the mood on my birthday guys,” Harry said with a sigh as he opened the next present which according to the label was from, “Ginny and Blaise (I had no say in this, B.Z)x.”

 

Harry chuckled at the label before inspecting the present. It was actually pretty thoughtful.

 

“Is that a sneakoscope?”

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah, on the note she wrote, “So you never let an untrustworthy person get the better of you, fat chance you being Harry Potter and all,” she has a point.”

 

Draco snorted, “Those things don’t actually work, you know that right?”

 

“I would have agreed with you once upon a time,” Harry said honestly, “But Ron got me one when he came back from Egypt, and I thought it was junk because it went haywire for no reason all year. Then I found out that Ron’s rat was a scheming Death Eater who was responsible for my parents' deaths, so I guess it was actually pretty accurate.”

 

“Fair enough,” Draco said with a nod, “I take back what I said about it being useless.”

 

At his very words, the contraption began to whistle and spin. Draco smirked, “On second thought, maybe I was right.”

 

“Nope,” Hermione said as she smirked at Daphne over Draco’s shoulder, “Daphne is nicking bacon off of Harry’s pancakes.”

 

Harry snorted and turned to look at his fiancé, “First you refuse to make me them, and then you steal my bacon?”

 

Daphne grinned, “Just testing your new sneakoscope honey,” she said in the sweetest voice that she could muster.

 

Harry laughed and turned back to his pile of presents; he had a lot this year. The next gift was marked as from “Neville and Lilly” which made Harry sigh. He really hoped the two of them would be able to resolve their issues.

 

“Ooh, what’s that?” Hermione asked as she tried to get a better look at the gift.

 

Harry smiled, “It’s a painting of an old stone cottage with a key attached.”

 

“Do you know what that means?” Daphne asked as she appeared behind him.

 

Harry nodded, “I kept talking about how much we loved our holiday in Devon with Teddy, and Neville mentioned that the Longbottoms owned some property down there. I think this is the key to that cottage.”

 

“He gave you a holiday cottage for your birthday?” Hermione asked in disbelief.

 

Draco tutted, “And he keeps saying he’s not a real pureblood.”

 

Harry chuckled, “I guess I’m lucky to have him as a best friend.”

 

“You did give him a flying motorbike I suppose and a portrait of his grandmother,” Daphne mused, “A holiday cottage is a pretty good return gift. We should take Teddy one weekend after your initial training, you know unwind a little?”

 

“That’s a great idea,” Harry said with a smile as he turned the portrait over and found a note on the back.

 

“Harry,

 

I know it seems pretentious, giving you a cottage for your birthday and all, but I didn’t buy it, so I guess that makes it a bit less so. Anyway, I remembered you talking about how much you loved having Teddy to yourselves in Devon and how much you enjoyed yourself so I thought you would appreciate this.

 

It had been sitting empty for a while, so it needed a bit of work, but it’s good to go now. Lil decorated it, be warned there is a lot of silver and green. She thought it was only fair since you’ve moved Daph into your shrine to Godric Gryffindor!

 

I hope you enjoy it!

 

Love,

Neville and Lilly.”

 

“Finally, a little Slytherin haven,” Daphne smirked, “I think I probably owe Lilly an apology.”

 

“I think you probably do too,” Harry admitted, “I really hope those two can sort things out.”

 

“We all do Harry,” Hermione said, “But try not to let it get you down today, it’s your birthday after all. Open your next present.”

 

Harry had learned a long time ago that it was best not to question Hermione, so he ignored Draco’s amused look and opened his next present, which was from Sadie and Theo. They had given him a broom cleaning kit, the most up to date copy of Quidditch Through the Ages and tickets to Puddlemere’s next game. He made a mental note to thank them both when he next saw them although he expected from the nature of the gifts that it had been Theo’s idea.

 

The next gift was from Hermione and Draco. Harry smiled as he opened the parcels, it was evident that Hermione had picked one and Draco had picked the other. There was a book all about the best defensive techniques which contained a section on rare and inventive spells. He looked up, “Cool, thank you, Hermione.”

 

“I thought it might come in handy,” Hermione said with a bright smile.

 

The second parcel was Draco’s gift; it was a very nice dragon hide wand holster, “Woah, thanks Draco!”

 

Draco shrugged, “I figured you should have a good one, what with your tendency to keep your wand in your pocket.”

 

“Protecting your future godkids are you?” Daphne joked.

 

Draco snorted, “Something like that,” he said as Harry laughed.

 

“Open mine now,” Daphne said as she slid the final parcel across to him.

 

Inside the package were three gifts, the first was a photo album that said, “Our story…so far” on the front cover.

 

“I can safely open this in public, right?” Harry joked.

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at him, “What photographs have you been taking that aren’t suitable for our eyes?”

 

“That, is none of your business,” Daphne said as she shot her friend a smirk, “And yes, you can safely open it.”

 

Harry chuckled and opened the album, all of the pictures were wizarding, and in most cases, Harry didn’t even know that they had been taken. The first photograph was of himself and Daphne dressed as vampires for the Halloween ball; they were holding the trophy they had won for being the best-dressed couple.

 

“When we won best-dressed couple before we were even together,” Harry said with a smile as he read the caption.

 

“That was the start of it,” Hermione said as she smiled at her two friends.

 

“The night that the ice queen began to thaw,” Draco smirked, “Merlin, I’m good. I should write poetry.”

 

“Yeah, don’t quit your day job Draco,” Hermione said with a grin.

 

Harry chuckled at his friends and flipped the page. The next picture was of the whole group on Bonfire Night. They were in the grounds of Hogwarts, and the bonfire was crackling away behind them, Harry could almost hear it as the picture brought the memory back. At the centre of the photograph were himself and Daphne, and Draco and Hermione. Sadie and Theo were there too, and Neville was with Hannah. Susan and Lilly stood huddled together, Ginny and Blaise were there too, but Ron was missing, so he must have taken the picture. Harry had to swallow the lump that rose in his throat when he saw two people who had missed so much since then, Dean and Tracey.

 

“Yeah,” Daphne said with a sigh, “I found that one hard to look at too.”

 

Harry nodded and read the caption, “The night the hero boy asked me out. Did he just ask me? No, he spelled it across the sky in fireworks, bloody Gryffindor.”

 

“I want a quill,” Harry said as he shot Daphne an amused look.

 

Daphne handed him one a little cautiously, “Why?”

 

“Because I don’t like your biased commentary,” Harry said as he scrawled underneath, “You still said yes.”

 

“Touché,” Daphne said with a slight smile.

 

Harry turned the page again and saw a photograph of himself and Daphne standing in front of his motorbike with their leathers and helmets on. They were outside Hagrid’s hut so it must have been taken not long after Sirius’s old bike fell into his possession.

 

On the next page was a photograph of himself and Daphne in the eighth year common room. They were both wearing Christmas jumpers, and Harry was grabbing Daphne from behind and spinning her around as he pulled her off of a stool. He smiled at the memory; she had been decorating the tree in their common room.

 

“Who took this?” He asked as he stared at the picture.

 

“Dean,” Daphne said quietly, “I found his camera and a bunch of film in Tracey’s old trunk when we were leaving Hogwarts. I developed them, and there were loads of pictures I didn’t know he had taken. That’s where a lot of these came from.”

 

That made Harry kind of sad, but he loved the personal nature of Daphne’s gift to him. He silently thanked Dean and turned the page to see a photograph of himself and Daphne dancing together at the Yule Ball. He had thought she looked stunning at the time and looking back on the photograph didn’t change his opinion.

 

The next photograph was of everyone who had stayed at Potter Manor on Christmas Day. The photograph had been taken on Christmas morning, but Harry had no idea how because everyone who had been there was in the picture.

 

The photograph after that made Harry smile. It had been taken on New Year's Eve at Potter Manor, and the only people in it were himself and Daphne. She was laughing, and Harry was smiling at her. Everything that he felt about her could be summed up by that look in that photograph, and it made his stomach do strange things. The caption read, “New Years Eve 1998. Can’t wait to ring in the millennium in just as much style.”

 

Harry smiled because that old promise still meant so much to him. He tried not to let his feelings show because he didn’t want to embarrass himself, but he could see that Daphne knew how much this gift meant to him.

 

“We’ll leave you two in peace for the rest of the morning,” Hermione said as she nudged Draco.

 

Harry resisted the urge to laugh, Hermione had been able to tell exactly what he was thinking, like always. Draco looked a little confused as Hermione half-dragged him out of the kitchen, frowning all of the while.

 

Harry shook his head, “Guess it was obvious how much this is affecting me then.”

 

“Only to Hermione,” Daphne said softly, “And me, I’m glad if I’m honest. I put a lot of work into this gift.”

 

“It really is perfect,” Harry promised. He flipped the page before he could get any more emotional, and the next photograph made him smile broadly. It was of himself, Daphne and Teddy during family planning week. The caption read, “The week we learned we could be pretty good parents to this little ray of sunshine.”

 

Harry looked up at her and smiled, “We will be good parents, won’t we?”

 

Daphne frowned, “Why would you doubt that?”

 

Harry sighed, “We’re young, and I…I’m a Trainee Auror. It’s a dangerous career, and I just don’t know if it’s a stable family to bring a child into. I don’t want Teddy to end up like…”

 

“Like you,” Daphne said softly.

 

Harry nodded but refused to look up at her; he didn’t want her to see the pain in his eyes.

 

Daphne took his hand and spoke softly, “Harry, he won’t be like you for quite a few reasons. The first one being that the war is over and the second one being that you are a wonderful Godfather. I’m not saying Sirius wasn’t, but he acted impulsively which is why he ended up in Azkaban, all you want is a good life for Teddy, I think we both know that you will always put him first.”

 

“Does that bother you?” Harry asked as he frowned up at her.

 

Daphne smiled slightly and shook her head, “No, that’s the way it should be. A father should always put his children first.”

 

“I’m not his father, Daph,” Harry reminded her.

 

“You’re as good as, and you know it,” Daphne said firmly, “And if anything happened to you, Teddy would have so many people around who love him. He will always have me. Then there’s Draco and Hermione, Neville and Lilly; you name it.”

 

Harry swallowed and nodded, “So he’ll be okay, whatever happens.”

 

“He’ll be okay,” Daphne promised, “We all will be.”

 

“Thanks, Daphne,” Harry said as he smiled genuinely at her.

 

Daphne smiled back and nudged his shoulder, “Are you going to finish looking through that? You haven’t even seen the best pictures yet.”

 

Harry chuckled and tried to hide the tears in his eyes as he flipped the page. The next photograph also featured Teddy; it had been taken on their Easter holiday. It warmed Harry’s heart to look at the picture of the little boy toddling along in the sand with Daphne following him, ready to catch him at a moments notice. The caption simply read, “Our Teddy.” But somehow it made him even more emotional than the last one had done. He swallowed the lump that had risen in his throat and flipped the page, hoping Daphne wouldn’t notice.

 

The next photograph had also been taken during the Easter holidays. They were all at the Burrow for Teddy’s first birthday, and in the picture, Teddy was beaming while holding the remnants of his chocolate cake, the rest of it was on Daphne’s face. The photograph made him laugh and the caption even more so, “Plain sponge cake next year…”

 

The photograph after that was one that sparked very fond memories. He and Daphne were in the eighth year common room, and they were embracing each other while everyone around them jumped up and down or cheered. It had been the moment that Harry had proposed to her, on the anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts. The caption made him chuckle, “The day I agreed to be tied down to the chosen boy for the rest of my life.”

 

The following photograph was of Harry and Daphne dancing together at the prom. Daphne looked as stunning as ever, but more to the point, they both looked so happy. Harry flipped the page and smiled at the next photograph too. It had been taken shortly after their graduation; he had his arm around Daphne, Draco had his arm around Hermione, Theo was hugging Sadie, Neville and Lilly were beaming out of the photograph. Susan peered out from the back of the picture, it had been their last ever day at Hogwarts.

 

The final photograph, for the moment, was from Sadie and Theo’s wedding. Daphne looked stunning in her bridesmaid attire, and Harry scrubbed up okay if he said so himself. They were standing on either side of the bride and groom grinning at each other. Every emotion in that photograph was so strong; it almost made Harry feel emotional again. The caption read, “The next wedding will be ours…”

 

Harry started suddenly at that and looked up, “What?”

 

Daphne smirked at him, “You know how last New Year I said I would be standing right next to you to bring in the millennium in style?”

 

Harry nodded slowly at her, “Yeah, I think about that all of the time.”

 

“So do I,” Daphne said with a smile, “So it’s going to be our wedding day.”

 

“Sorry, but at the risk of sounding like the clueless git that everyone thinks I am, what?”

 

Daphne’s smile turned into a grin, “Let’s get married on New Year's Eve.”

 

“This New Years Eve?”

 

“Yeah, what’s wrong? You’re not getting cold feet already are you?”

 

Harry stared at her in disbelief, “Daphne, that’s less than six months away!”

 

“And? Have you met me? I can totally plan a wedding in five months, a brilliant one at that too,” Daphne said, only a little smugly.

 

“Are you serious? Or is this just one of your whims?” Harry asked as he studied her.

 

Daphne shook her head, “No, I’ve been thinking about it for a while, and I want to do it. I know Draco and Hermione want the whole long engagement thing, but I don’t. I want to get married before we adopt Teddy, and frankly, neither of us are as career-minded as those two are anyway. On top of that, New Years just makes sense because of the significance it has for us-”

 

“Yes,” Harry said as he grinned at her.

 

Daphne looked up, “Yes?”

 

“Let’s do it,” Harry said, “Let’s be impulsive and stupid while we’re young. Let’s get married on New Year's Eve and if we end up regretting it in a few years, we’ll become swingers.”

 

Daphne laughed heartily at that and leaned across to kiss him, “It’s a deal.”

 

“Merlin,” Harry murmured as he kissed her back, “You never fail to surprise me, do you know that?”

 

Daphne smirked at him, “Yeah, I do.”

 

“I have one more request though,” Harry said as he pulled back from the kiss, “Let’s keep it a secret.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Keep our wedding a secret?”

 

Harry nodded, “Let’s throw a big New Years party and invite all of our family and friends. Then when they arrive, they’ll realise it’s actually a surprise wedding.”

 

“How very sneaky and Slytherin of you,” Daphne said with a slow grin, “I love it.”

 

Harry laughed and leaned in to kiss her, “I love you.”

 

“I love you too.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


Neville was in a mad rush, so he decided to bypass the International Apparition Centre. Technically, you weren’t supposed to apparate overseas without going through the centre because there was a higher chance of splinching yourself if you were travelling over vast stretches of water. This was because currents and wind could cause some complications. Still, the queues could be ridiculously long, and Neville knew that he was a powerful enough wizard, so he apparated to Dover then to Calais so that it was just one short leap. Once he was in France, he apparated to the outskirts of Amiens and then stopped because he realised that he had no idea where the Centre for Trauma Healing was.

 

Neville knew that there limited ways of finding out where it was, the Centre was unplottable so that it couldn’t be stumbled upon by Muggles. As a wizard, once he got near it, he would be able to feel the magic of the wards, and he suspected he would be able to see it as well. The trouble was working out where the hell it was in this huge city. His first thought was that Theo would be able to work it out so in the quiet little back alley that he was occupying he conjured up a Patronus and said, “Theo, I need your logical brain. Where would I find the Centre for Trauma Healing, statistically speaking?”

 

His Patronus darted off, and Neville leaned against the wall as he waited for a reply. He supposed he should walk into the town centre and have a drink or something to try and relax, but he knew he would just sit there and look at it. Besides, he didn’t like the French much anyway; he was with Theo on that one.

 

Neville knew he was asking for a lot so he wasn’t expecting a reply for at least half an hour. When Theo’s Patronus bounded at him ten minutes later, he was surprised, to say the least. He was even more amazed when he heard the reply.

 

“First of all, can I just say you are such a Gryffindor. You ran off to freaking France to get your girlfriend back, and you don’t even know where she is! Secondly, I am honoured that you asked for my help, sorry that it took me so long to reply, it took me five minutes to find a bloody map of Amiens, after that it was easy. So this centre, it has to be on the outskirts because Amiens is an old town, there isn’t any easy way to disguise a giant hospital in the middle of somewhere like that. The centre is fairly new, but wherever it is, it will be designed to blend in with its surroundings, you’ll probably feel intense magical wards because of that. Anyway, outskirts of Amiens, not the North West or South East though because the River Somme is kind of in the way. There’s a pretty big muggle road network to the South, so I think we’re probably looking at somewhere just North of Amiens. My best bet is a commune called Coisy which is about 5 miles North of Amiens as the crow flies. It seems to have been around since about the 12th century; it’s small and remote, so it fits the criteria well. On top of that, one of the fat friar's associates set up a priory there in the 12th century which served as a temporary hospital during both of the muggle wars. I suspect the Centre is new but it will near the priory.”

 

“Theo…if you are right about this…” Neville sent back on the now open Patronus channel.

 

“I’m a genius, and I’m the best friend ever, yeah I know,” Theo said, “Go be the hero and get the girl so I can go back to bed with my wife please.”

 

“Thanks, Theo,” Neville chuckled as he ended the charm. The Patronus disappeared, and he wasted no time in apparating to this French commune that Theo had told him about. It was early in the morning, and this tiny little place seemed completely quiet and abandoned, it was slightly eerie. Neville kept his eyes peeled because of that as he strolled along, looking for the priory that Theo had mentioned.

 

After what felt like a lot of walking, he eventually stumbled across something. A high, ancient-looking wall which he suspected had once housed the Benedictine Priory. As he walked around this wall, he began to feel the magic emanating from it; he knew that this was the place before he reached the large, iron-wrought gate. When he peered through it, he could only see a ruin, but he suspected that this was some sort of security charm.

 

Neville took a breath and walked up to the gate. He didn’t touch it because he had a feeling that it was cursed, once he was as close as he could get to the gate, he heard a voice in his ear.

 

“Who are you, and what is your business here?”

 

“British Trainee Auror Neville Longbottom,” Neville said, sounding calmer than he felt, “I’m here to see Trainee Trauma Healer Lillian Moon.”

 

There was a pause and then, “You are permitted to enter providing that you surrender your wand upon entering the premises.”

 

“I understand, that won’t be a problem,” Neville said.

 

There was another pause then the large gates swung open. The moment Neville stepped over the threshold, the security charms fell away, and he realised that Theo had been wrong about one thing. The hospital was the old priory, it had been modernised by the looks of it, but this was without a shadow of a doubt, the 12th-century priory. He felt fairly impressed by the scale and beauty of it as he walked down a short gravel path into the main door.

 

“Your wand, Mr Longbottom?”

 

Neville took his wand from his holster and handed it over to the French security wizard on duty; he checked it and nodded, “All is in order.”

 

Neville smiled gratefully, “I assume she will be in the dorms?”

 

The security wizard nodded, “The dorms and the shared common room are the only areas the trainees are permitted to access before their initial training begins.”

 

“Thank you,” Neville said as he followed signs for the dorms and climbed the stairs of a high tower, taking two or three at a time when he could. When he reached the top he was in a corridor with about ten rooms leading off of it; he had a mild panic because he wasn’t sure how he would tell which one was hers, but then he saw that each door had a plate with a name embossed on it. He walked up the corridor and felt his heart begin to pound when he saw the one that read, “Lillian Moon.”

 

He took a deep breath and knocked, he was going to try being polite first, but if that didn’t work, he would break the door down. After what felt like the longest pause ever, Lilly called, “Yes?”

 

Neville opened the door and stepped into the small, cosy dorm room. Lilly’s eyes widened when she saw him, “Neville?” she asked in disbelief.

 

Neville looked sheepish as he shut the door behind him, “I’m an idiot Lilly. I’m a bloody idiot, and I don’t deserve you. How stupid was I to force you away for something so stupid? What kind of a boyfriend am I if I react like that to our first fight?”

 

Lilly looked at him with a frown, “If this is because of what I gave you for your birthday-”

 

“It’s exactly because of that!” Neville exclaimed, “You restored my Dads watch, you visit my parents in the hospital. You are one of the most caring people I know, I know you love me, and maybe I’m just asking too much right now. We aren’t even 20 yet so do you know what, you don’t need to think about marriage or kids yet. All I need to know is that you want me, we can work the rest of it out later.”

 

Lilly smiled tearfully at him, “Of course I want you, you idiot! All I’ve wanted since I was 12 years old was my goofy best friend with his quirky plants and his tendency to fall through the invisible step. I’m not ready for marriage yet, and I’m not ready to commit to saying that I want 2 ½ kids and the perfect suburban life, but the one thing I can say with certainty is that I want you and I’ve missed you, Neville, so much.”

 

Neville stepped towards her, grabbed her and pulled her in for a hug. Lilly had other intentions and instead lifted her head and crashed her lips against his. They weren’t the passionate sex kind of couple usually, normally they had their own pace, and they had fun, but that whole heated sex thing was more of a Slytherin-Gryffindor combination as they so often joked.

 

That morning, however, with all of the heightened emotions, things were different. Lilly kissed him hard and harshly, and Neville responded in the same way, holding onto her tightly as if he were afraid that she would slip away if he let her go again.

 

“I’ve missed you too,” He murmured as his lips moved to her neck and his hands pulled her t-shirt off, “And I will never try to stop you from doing what you want to do again.”

 

Lilly shoved his shirt off and whispered, “I’ll never accuse you of loving being an Auror more than me again.”

 

With that, Neville picked up his tiny girlfriend, supporting her with his hands under her arse, all the while kissing her like she could disappear at any moment. In return, Lilly wrapped her legs around his waist and proceeded to start kissing his neck. She soon felt exactly how excited Neville was becoming and whispered in his ear, “Missed me Nev?”, while rubbing him through his jeans.

 

He moaned at this and breathily replied, “Really Lil, you don’t have to joke. Of course, I’ve missed you. Its been hell not being with you and I just feel like we wasted so much time”.

 

At this, Lilly smirked. She wriggled out of his grasp, and pushed him onto her tiny bed, quickly climbing on top of him and kissing her way up his chest to his ear once more. She then whispered, “In that case, I guess we should stop wasting time.”

 

She then grasped her wand and used it to vanish away the remnants of their clothing and cast the protection spell. Lilly then lifted her hips and slid onto Neville, moaning loudly as she did.

 

Neville groaned and pulled her into a heated kiss as she began to ride him hard and fast. He then briefly pulled away, “ Lil shhh, all your course mates will hear.”

 

At this, Lilly sat up straight, grabbing Neville's hands and putting them on her breasts, “Fuck them, Nev, I have a super hot boyfriend who came to France to win me back. I fully intend to thank him, and if they have to listen then, that’s their problem.”

 

At this, Neville sat up kissing her nipple and then stood up with Lilly still in situ. He pressed her up against a nearby wall and began to fuck her as hard as he could, making her almost scream in response.

 

After a couple of minutes, he slowed slightly and kissed her hard as he thrust into her, and when he broke for air, he murmured, “I love you.”

 

“I know,” Lilly gasped, gripping him tightly, “And I’m committed to this, Nev.”

 

“I know,” Neville said, echoing her earlier words and capturing her lips in a kiss once more.

 

 

“I don’t want to leave.”

 

“I don’t want you to leave,” Theo said with a sad smile, “But it’s a chance to do this amazing course, and a chance to see a fascinating country.”

 

“I know,” Sadie said tearfully, “But the next two weeks are going to be so hard.”

 

“At least it’s only two weeks love,” Theo said as he pulled her close, “It could be worse. I bet you’re going to love Egypt, all of the exotic curses and the pyramids, not to mention the Sphinx. Think of all the wizarding history you’ll get to see.”

 

“It’s not the same without you though,” Sadie said quietly, “I know I joke but I think my favourite part of our honeymoon was you trying your best to get arrested. What kind of entertainment am I going to have in Egypt?”

 

Theo chuckled, “I’ll be able to entertain you after the next two weeks are up. Trust me, you’ll have fun, and it will fly by then before you know it, we’ll be together again.”

 

Sadie nodded and pulled back from the hug; she pushed herself onto her tiptoes to kiss him as she murmured, “I love you.”

 

“I love you too, baby,” Theo murmured back against her lips, “And I’m gonna miss you, but you have to follow your dreams.”

 

Sadie smiled at him through the tears in her eyes, “You’re the sweetest guy I’ve ever known Theodore Nott.”

 

Theo grinned at her, “It makes you want me, right?”

 

The comment would usually have made her roll her eyes or have caused her to hit him, but this time she just laughed weakly and said, “Yeah, it does.”

 

 

“That was different.”

 

“Different is good,” Lilly said, shooting Neville a grin as they lay in the tiny bed in her dorm room.

 

“Different was definitely good just now,” Neville agreed, kissing her lazily.

 

“Hmm,” Lilly broke away from him, “I love you.”

 

“You said that once or twice,” Neville teased.

 

“Shut up,” She punched him in the arm, “I do have something kind of serious to say to you, though.”

 

Neville looked over at her, “Okay?”

 

“Unless I screw this up again, I’m going to marry you one day,” Lilly said determinedly.

 

Neville grinned and pulled her closer to him, “Well, you better not mess this up then.”

 

She laughed and moved to straddle him, “Want to try something else a bit different before you spend two weeks surrounded by sweaty guys?”

 

Neville’s eyes flashed playfully, “Do you even have to ask?”

 

 

Sadie felt miserable as she waited in line at the International Apparition Centre. She knew she should be excited about this new experience, but she just wished Theo was there to tell jokes and keep her mind occupied. She trudged through the line, eventually reached the front and was able to apparate to Egypt in a few short bursts. When she got to the Egyptian International Apparition Centre, she already began to have some doubts about her decision. Her first thought was that the wizarding Ministry must have so much money because there was gold leaf on everything, the Apparition Centre in England was drab and boring, but this place looked like a palace.

 

Sadie was aware that she must have looked like a total tourist as she walked with her mouth wide open, taking in everything around her. She got her wand, and her luggage checked, then she was cleared to leave the centre. She had coordinates so she could apparate to the Centre for Alchemical Studies and she planned to apparate there straight from the Apparition Centre.

 

Sadie stepped outside and stopped in her tracks at what she saw. In contrast to the gold-adorned Apparition Centre, what was outside was disgusting. She seemed to be in some narrow street, somewhere in Cairo. All around were beggars who looked emaciated; she even saw a couple of young children cowering in doorways, the difference made her feel sick.

 

One of the beggars began to approach her so Sadie panicked and walked down the street as fast as her feet would take her. It took her about ten minutes to find a quiet enough alley, but as soon as she did, she spun on her heel and apparated to the Centre for Alchemical Studies.

 

When she arrived outside the gate, she took a deep breath and composed herself. The centre seemed to be in the middle of nowhere, but it looked as rich as the Apparition Centre had. In front of her was a large golden gate, set in a marble archway. She had been sent instructions telling her to gain entry to the centre, so she raised her wand and spoke clearly, “My name is Sadie Nott. I am here for my induction on the course, Alchemical Studies.”

 

There was a pause and then, “We have no one enrolled under that name.”

 

“Oh,” Sadie realised with a jolt, “I’m sorry, I’ll be enrolled as Sadie Cauldwell. I only got married last month.”

 

There was another pause and then, “Access granted. Please wait in the main foyer, Miss. Cauldwell.”

 

Sadie nodded and took another deep breath as the golden gates swung open. She stepped through them, and the Centre came into view. It was possibly the grandest building that she had ever seen in her life, it was huge, and it seemed to be made from alabaster, an ancient building material that she knew was fairly exclusive to this part of the world. It had four large domes; each one adorned with gold leaf. On each side of the building were two covered walkways, she couldn’t tell how many pillars held those walkways up, but each pillar was also adorned with gold leaf. Straight ahead was the main door into the building which looked to be made from pure gold, she expected that it was merely a gold coating; however, gold was far too soft a material to fashion a door from.

 

Sadie resisted the urge to shake her head as she walked past about four huge, golden water fountains. This place had money, too much money, in her opinion. It made her feel apprehensive about the kind of people who would study here.

 

She reached the main door and pushed it open. From what she had seen on the outside, she had been expecting an overly grand foyer, so she wasn’t surprised when she stepped in. Sadie wanted to scoff, it was over the top, it was garish, and she couldn’t help but think how bloody rude it was.

 

“Ah, Miss Cauldwell,” A voice said.

 

Sadie jumped and turned to the voice. It had come from an Egyptian woman who was standing just in front of the front desk. She smiled at Sadie, but Sadie got a distinct impression that it was a false smile.

 

“The induction begins tomorrow, but your fellow students are getting acquainted in the common room, I am Professor Aziz,” She said, “Would you allow me to show you to your new living quarters?”

 

Sadie simply nodded, her throat had suddenly gone dry, and she felt incredibly nervous. Professor Aziz turned around and began to walk down a corridor, so Sadie rushed after her. As they made their way through the building, Sadie saw more and more unnecessary gold; she did think that it was ridiculous. She was led up a grand staircase, along another corridor and then up yet another staircase before they reached the living quarters.

 

“This will be your shared dorm room,” Professor Aziz said as she opened the first door that they came to, “You will be sharing with our other female students, there are 4 of you this year.”

 

Sadie nodded and looked around the room. There were four double poster beds; even they were adorned with gold leaf. The sheets seemed to be made of silk; it was luxurious; it was worse than Malfoy Manor.

 

“The other students are getting acquainted in the common room at the end of the hall,” Professor Aziz said politely, “I can see you are very overwhelmed by the grandeur here, it happens more often than you would think. Once you have had time to settle, I would advise that you spend some time talking to them before the induction tomorrow. There will be several tasks that require you to work in a team.”

 

“I will,” Sadie promised, “Thank you.”

 

Professor Aziz bowed her head and stepped out of the dorm room. Sadie located her bed, the only one without a trunk on top of it, and quickly unpacked into the mahogany chest of drawers provided. When she reached the bottom of her trunk, she felt a lump rise in her throat as she pulled the final two objects from it. They were two framed photographs, one was of herself and Theo on their wedding day and the second was of herself, Daphne, Hermione and Lilly at their graduation. She placed them both on the bedside table and steadied her nerves as she left the dorm room.

 

The door to the common room was at the end of the hall, and it was ajar. As Sadie approached, she could hear people talking animatedly in several different accents; she wasn’t sure why she was so nervous. Then she realised that this was the first time she had done something without Daphne, Tracey or Theo.

 

She took a breath and stepped into the common room. Before she even noticed any of the people in it, she stopped and stared at the room itself. The common room was clearly in one of the domes that she had seen from outside the building. It was a large circular room with several windows in the upper dome. Every single wall was lined with books in a bookcase that ran around the entire room. In the centre of the room, there was something that looked like a furnace but which was, in fact, four fireplaces; there was even a pot of floo powder above it. The room was filled with comfortable armchairs and sofas, and there were a few tables for studying too, they were made of mahogany too, of course, they are, Sadie thought to herself.

 

“Hello there! You must be Miss. Cauldwell!” A chipper, female voice said.

 

Sadie tore her eyes away from the wall of books and looked at the group of people gathered in the room. The person who had spoken to her was a brunette with a ribbon in her hair; she was smiling very falsely at Sadie.

 

“Uh, Mrs Nott technically,” Sadie corrected her, “I was Miss Cauldwell when I enrolled, but I got married last month. It’s probably easier if you just call me Sadie.”

 

“You’re married?” The brunette asked in disbelief, “Good heavens! What age are you?”

 

“Priscilla!” A male voice said. Sadie looked towards it; it belonged to a tanned young man with an accent.

 

The brunette rolled her eyes, “Sorry, that was rude. You just seem rather young to be married, that’s all.”

 

“I’m 19,” Sadie said, “I had to re-do my last year because my school was overtaken by a dark lord and then almost destroyed in a battle. I also nearly lost Theo, that’s my husband by the way, in that war so yes, I married him as soon as I finished school. Did any of you experience the war I’m talking about?”

 

Every other person in the room shook their heads and Priscilla; the brunette looked pretty miffed.

 

Sadie nodded, “Okay, so what are your names?”

 

“I’m Ashwin; we were just going to do a getting to know each other exercise actually,” The tanned boy said, “We were waiting for you.”

 

Sadie took a seat in one of the armchairs a little gingerly, she felt a bit silly for going off in a rant, but she didn’t like it when people judged her, especially when it was people who didn’t know her.

 

“So I’ll start,” Ashwin said, “I’m Ashwin, but you guys can call me Ash, I was born in India, but I grew up in Cairo because my father is pretty high up in the Egyptian Wizengamot. So I’m your local guy if you want to go sightseeing.”

 

The next person to speak was Priscilla, “I’m Priscilla, I’m from Kent in England. My daddy is the magical advisor for the Muggle royal family, so naturally, he didn’t want me to go to a substandard school like Hogwarts. So, I went to Beauxbatons for a little while then Mama homeschooled me.”

 

Sadie hated the girl more with every word that came out of her mouth.

 

“I’m Arielle,” A pretty girl with strawberry blonde hair said, “I was born in Calais, and I grew up in Paris. My family moved there just before I started at Beauxbatons because my father’s company took off. He runs a broomstick company you see?”

 

Sadie resisted the urge to roll her eyes at this, did everyone here have famous parents?

 

“I’m Humphrey,” A tall, muscular boy with a square jaw said, “I’m from Hamburg in Germany. I live there with my parents and my little brother. My father is Head of the Wizarding Protestant Order there. We live in a cathedral which is pretty cool.”

 

“I’m Liang,” A thin Asian boy said in a thick accent, “I’m from Beijing in China. My father is a businessman too. He owns the biggest shipping company in Asia. We ship magical goods all over the world.”

 

Sadie bit back a comment about how they weren’t the biggest shipping company in the world because she knew who owned that, Daphne’s family.

 

“I’m Ruben, I’m from Rio in Brazil,” Another tanned boy said, “I’ve been living in Dubai for the past few years. We moved out there because my brother is a Quidditch player and that’s the best place in the world to play. We could only afford to move out there because my mother made lots of money when she discovered the wolfsbane potion.”

 

Sadie was struggling to bite her tongue now. She could spew a lot of crap about how famous her family were too, but she was starting to think that she didn’t want to because if she did, it meant she was exactly like these people.

 

“I’m Myla,” A beautiful redhead with a genuine smile said, “I’m from Texas in the United States. My dad works for the president, and my momma is the undersecretary to the Minister for Magic at MACUSA. I love it over there, but everyone knows my family, so I just wanted a change of scenery away from it all.”

 

The last person, apart from Sadie, to speak smiled broadly at them all, “I’m Bruce, I’m from Queensland in Australia. My dads a famous alchemist, he trained under Nicholas Flamel, and my mum works in the Australian Ministry, she used to head the Wizengamot, but she’s working towards Minister for Magic now.”

 

Sadie realised that all eyes were now on her, so she decided to tell the truth, “I’m Sadie, I’m from England. My parents are all about new wealth; my dad invented some stuff which means we have money. Or at least we did, then the dark wizard I was telling you about came back from the dead which really put a crimp in our style because he kept trying to recruit my dad to join his little cult. Anyway, the war started, the dark wizards took over my school, and my dad eventually joined them because I was imprisoned and tortured at that school. So now he’s spending ten years in Azkaban thanks to our fantastic justice system.”

 

She enjoyed the fact that every person in the room gaped at her silently, she found it immensely difficult to hide her smirk.

 

“That’s…” Priscilla began to say.

 

“Tragic,” Ashwin cut in, “You are, of course perfectly right, your justice system is skewed.”

 

Sadie just shrugged, “It’s corrupt, but I guess that’s what happens when a dark wizard manages to infiltrate it.”

 

Priscilla rolled her eyes at this and Myla piped up, “Oh! If you’re 19 and you fought in the war, then you must know Harry Potter!”

 

Sadie smirked to herself, “Yeah, I know Harry. He’s engaged to my best friend.”

 

Myla’s eyes widened, “Really?”

 

Sadie nodded, “He’s also in Auror training with my husband. We’re all pretty close, to be honest.”

 

“That is…amazing!” Myla said excitedly.

 

“What did your Father invent?” Arielle asked, “Cauldwell…it sounds familiar.”

 

“A few things but the sneakoscope most famously,” Sadie replied, “That was why the Death Eaters wanted him, an inventor is always useful when you’re looking to engineer new weapons and spells in a war.”

 

“The sneakoscope? Wicked!” Bruce said.

 

Priscilla rolled her eyes, “Did I mention that I’ve met all of the royal family? They are very lovely too, you know, not at all arrogant.”

 

“Yeah, you mentioned that Priscilla,” Ruben said offhandedly, “Hey Sadie, what’s Harry Potter like?”

 

Sadie felt rather smug when she saw the look of complete indignation on Priscilla’s face; maybe it wasn’t going to be so bad here after all.

 

 

“A-ha, the prodigal son returns!”

 

Neville grinned, “I came here to thank you because you are indeed, a genius.”

 

Theo grinned back at his friend, “I know. Guess you found the centre then?”

 

“Yep, in Coisy as predicted,” Neville said as he threw himself into a chair in the Nott’s kitchen, “You did get one thing wrong though. The centre wasn’t near the old priory; the centre is the old priory.”

 

“Ah well, I can’t be perfect 100% of the time, but I’ll settle for 99%,” Theo said with a shrug, “Did you two work things out?”

 

“Yeah,” Neville said with a content sigh, “I think we might be okay after all.”

 

“See, I told you that it would all work out in the end,” Theo said, “And I’m guessing from your chilled out stature that you fucked her senseless, or she shagged your brains out.”

 

Neville snorted, “We don’t do this. We don’t compare notes like you and Draco do.”

 

“Oh, we haven’t yet,” Theo smirked, “But no time like the present right? Did you shag her?”

 

“Yes,” Neville grinned.

 

“Was it awesome?”

 

“It was fucking amazing,” Neville admitted, “We don’t do the whole passionate, shoving each other up against walls sex thing, you know? Harry and Daphne have a fight and the next thing you know he’s shagging her brains out in the kitchen. Lilly and I are usually the normal, have sex in a bed sort.”

 

Theo snorted, “Which means you weren’t today?”

 

“No, we did the whole passionate sex up against a wall thing,” Neville admitted, “And I’ve got to admit, I see the appeal.”

 

“What? Are you seriously telling me that’s the first time you’ve shagged someone up against a wall?” Theo laughed, “How vanilla are you?”

 

“No, it’s the first time I’ve shagged Lilly up against a wall,” Neville said in amusement, “The last time was in the Hogs Head with Ginny, and there was this creepy, pervy Irish guy hanging about. Did you guys ever run into him, the Irishman?”

 

“Can’t say we did, and that sounds like some weird sex,” Theo snorted, “Even by my standards. I mean I do get the appeal of hot, up against the wall sex. It’s hot to do something risqué every so often,” Theo agreed, “But the normal, having sex in a bed thing is what holds a relationship together.”

 

Neville raised an eyebrow, “Have you taken a potion to make yourself wiser? I swear you’re turning into Dumbledore.”

 

Theo snorted, “No. Here are some words of wisdom for you…do you want a drink?”

 

“It’s not even noon,” Neville pointed out.

 

Theo shrugged, “I’m lonely.”

 

“Firstly, that’s how Harry became an alcoholic,” Neville pointed out.

 

“Good point,” Theo realised, “How is he doing, by the way?”

 

“Fine, he’s not craving a drink all the time or anything,” Neville answered, “He just doesn’t sleep as well without it, so he’s a bit more snappy and tired than usual. Anyway, secondly, I’m sorry for being a shit friend. Here I am talking about the amazing sex I just had, and Sadie just left, didn’t she?”

 

“Yep, off to the next great adventure, without me,” Theo said.

 

“That sounded very bitter for someone who isn’t supposed to be bitter about that,” Neville said with a raised eyebrow.

 

“I’m not bitter I’m just…I’m worried, okay? I’m worried that she finds someone more likeminded on her course, do you know what I mean?” Theo mused.

 

“Someone more likeminded,” Neville said with an amused smile, “Someone who is intelligent?”

 

“Yes,” Theo said.

 

“Someone who is into the same things she’s into, that kind of thing?”

 

“Exactly!” Theo said, “Someone who likes apothecarial magic as much as she does, ugh what if she leaves me for a Herbologist? She snogged you! Maybe you’re her type; you were her first kiss.”

 

“I’m not her type,” Neville snorted, “I kissed her a couple of times that summer, but she spent most of it talking about you.”

 

“Did she?”

 

“Yeah,” Neville laughed, “And you might not be that up to speed with your plants, Theo, but you and Sadie are pretty likeminded. You’re both intelligent and witty; you both love reading. You experiment with new potions in your spare time for fun, and you love going to Quidditch games together. You both like art; you love to explore and see new things. She’s not going to find anything better than that. You’re safe.”

 

Theo smiled slightly, “I guess you’re right. We are pretty likeminded.”

 

Neville patted him on the back, “See? No need to drink alone.”

 

“But I’m not alone anymore Nev, you’re here,” Theo pointed out, “Which technically means I can have a drink.”

 

“Just because you can, doesn’t mean you should,” Neville said as he grabbed Theo and steered him towards the fireplace, “We’re going to Potter Manor, Harry and Draco want a warm-up before we start training tomorrow.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Are you going to admit that you’re nervous yet?” Harry asked Daphne with a raised eyebrow.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Nervous? This is me we’re talking about, I don’t get nervous.”

 

“Usually you don’t,” Harry agreed, “But this is a big deal for you. You want to prove yourself; it’s okay to be nervous.”

 

Daphne looked at him with her piercing blue eyes for a moment, “I might be a little nervous.”

 

Harry smiled slightly, “You’ll be fine; it’s just an induction. You’ll probably spend the whole day reading health and safety shit while being bored out of your skull.”

 

Daphne laughed, “I know, it’s just…I don’t know what’s going to happen today and I don’t like not knowing what to expect. I’ll be fine once the first day is out of the way.”

 

“I know you will,” Harry promised as he leant in to kiss her, “And just think about it this way, once you’ve managed to get through today, I get to whisk you away to our holiday cottage for our last night together.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes and threw her jacket on, “For two weeks, you make it seem like you’re never coming back.”

 

“Hey, two weeks away from you feels like forever,” Harry said honestly as he kissed her again, “Good luck.”

 

Daphne smiled at him, “Thanks. I’ll see you tonight.”

 

“See you tonight,” Harry agreed, he smiled fondly at her as he watched her go.

 

 

“Why are you freaking out? You do realise that you’ll get a tour of the DMLE then you’ll spend the day doing a shitload of introductory paperwork, right?”

 

“I’m not freaking out,” Hermione said in a rather high-pitched tone, “I just have nothing to wear!”

 

“Hermione, you have half a walk-in wardrobe full of clothes,” Draco said, he was glad that he wasn’t in said wardrobe with her because then she would be able to see his amused grin, “You have plenty to wear.”

 

“Nothing appropriate!” Hermione said in a strained voice.

 

Draco bit back a smile as he got out of bed and stepped into the wardrobe, “Look, love, I know you’re freaking out, don’t try and hide it from me.”

 

Hermione turned to look at him and bit her lip, “I don’t know what to wear Draco.”

 

“Black robes to keep things professional,” Draco said as he pulled a set out, “And a colourful blouse, to showcase your individuality,” he grabbed a deep red blouse, “And it ought to be red because you are the Gryffindor princess, after all.”

 

Hermione smiled weakly at him, “I don’t know what I would do without you sometimes.”

 

“You wouldn’t dress anywhere near as well as you do at the moment, that’s for sure,” Draco said with a slight smirk.

 

Hermione rolled her eyes and began to button up her blouse, “Between Daphne dragging me along on shopping trips, and you dressing me, that’s probably true.”

 

“You’re going to be fine today, I don’t know why you’re worrying so much,” Draco said gently.

 

“Maybe because I’m about to start my job in a Ministry that is renown for how corrupt it is,” Hermione said a little irritably, “Or maybe its because the department I’m going to be working in is the justice department of that Ministry, which got called the most corrupt justice department in Europe just last week in the Daily Prophet!”

 

“Hermione,” Draco said sharply so that he could get her attention, “That’s why you wanted this job, remember? It’s corrupt as hell, but you’re going to change that, you’re going to make things right.”

 

Hermione blew out a shaky breath, “I know Draco, why do you think I’m so nervous? I’ve put so much pressure on myself…”

 

“Look, Hermione,” Draco said gently, “For the first year you are technically on an introductory course, alright? That means they can get rid of you if you don’t ‘fit’ and that you can leave or switch departments if you end up hating it.”

 

“I know what introductory means,” Hermione snapped, then she sighed, “Sorry, that was bitchy.”

 

Draco had to fight to keep a smile from his face, “Yes, it was, but you get bitchy when you’re stressed. The point that I’m trying to make is that you shouldn’t be making any big waves at the moment anyway. Get your feet in the door, ace your introductory course and then start kicking ass.”

 

“Arse, we’re not American.”

 

“There’s the know-it-all that I love,” Draco said fondly.

 

Hermione chuckled, “Thanks Draco, you’re right. The last thing I need right now is more pressure.”

 

Draco nodded as he leant in to kiss her, “You are going to be amazing, and I can’t wait to hear all about it over dinner tonight.”

 

“I love you,” Hermione murmured as she kissed him chastely.

 

“I love you too.”

 

 

Daphne felt more nervous than ever as she walked towards Tower Bridge. There were very few places in London that you could safely apparate to because the whole city was so busy. This meant that she had been walking towards it for what felt like forever, and eventually, she reached the bridge.

 

The bridge was busy with tourists already, but Daphne knew how to get to the secret wizarding entrance anyway, she had been given instructions via owl. She disillusioned herself then used a bubblehead charm and waded into the water. She had to completely submerge herself for a few seconds while she looked for the archway into the lower level of the bridge’s first tower. She stepped through the entrance and all of a sudden; the water was gone.

 

Daphne took the bubblehead charm off, drew in a long breath and cast a drying charm on herself. She looked around, so far nothing about her surroundings were particularly remarkable. She was in a stairwell with nothing but a spiral staircase. She had no instructions from this point onwards, so she followed the stairway up for what felt like a very long time.

 

At the top of the staircase, there was a single door, so Daphne stepped through it into a small square room where a few people were already gathered.

 

“Name please?” A cheerful voice asked.

 

Daphne turned to the voice and smiled, “Come on, Bill, you know me.”

 

Bill Weasley grinned at her, “Got to be professional, Daphne. Name?”

 

“Daphne,” She chuckled.

 

“Surname?” Bill joked.

 

“Greengrass, you pain in the arse,” Daphne muttered with an amused smile as she stepped into the room properly and shut the door behind her, she lowered her voice so that the others wouldn’t hear and whispered, “You know the one who is marrying your adopted little brother?”

 

Bill shot her an amused look and said, loud enough for everyone to hear, “Morning Daphne, we’re just waiting on one more person then we’re going to get this show on the road. Take a seat.”

 

Daphne sat down at the front of the little room; it was set up like a classroom. There were about ten tables, each of which had an individual chair. Only four of the tables had been occupied when she walked in, so she supposed this was a pretty exclusive programme.

 

“So why Tower Bridge?” She asked Bill curiously.

 

“Because there are no goblins to bother us,” Bill replied with a smile, “And because it’s nice and quiet. The muggles have no idea that there are three towers, the other two are swarming with tourists, but this one is just how we like it.”

 

“Cold, draughty and lit by gas lamps you mean?” Daphne asked with a raised eyebrow, “Muggles might be oblivious to magic, but they do have heating, electricity and lifts.”

 

Bill shot her an amused look, “Less cheek, I’m your boss now.”

 

Daphne smirked at that, “Yes sir,” she said sarcastically.

 

Before Bill could say anything else, the door opened, and the final person walked in. Daphne hadn’t really looked around at the others, she had been too focused on winding Bill up, but she had noticed that so far, she was the only girl. However, this last person was another girl.

 

“Name please?” Bill asked her cheerfully.

 

“Natasha Kowolski,” The girl replied in a Russian accent.

 

“Perfect, take a seat Natasha, and we’ll get started,” Bill said.

 

Natasha sat down in the last remaining seat at the front of the room next to Daphne. Bill got to his feet and stood at the front of the ‘classroom’.

 

“All right guys, you six are this year's Trainee Cursebreakers,” Bill said, “And over the next year, we are going to be putting you through your paces. I reckon two or three of you will end up qualifying. We normally lose one within the first week and another after the first field excursion. Sometimes we lose a few towards the end of the year when final exams loom too.”

 

There was an intake of breath from behind Daphne.

 

“That’s right, there will be exams,” Bill said as he looked over Daphne’s shoulder, “This is no walk in the park. If you want to be a curse breaker, then you are going to have to work your arse off over the next year. Now, the purpose of today is to get all of the paperwork out of the way and brief you on how the next year is going to pan out, roughly. Any questions?”

 

Nobody said anything, so Bill continued, “So a rough outline of the next year then. To begin with, we’re going to put you in the cursed room. It is literally a room full of cursed objects, does anyone know why we might have such a thing?”

 

“Because when a family dies without an heir, the bank has to do something with their stuff,” Daphne piped up, “They sell whatever they can and split the profit between local charities and the upkeep of the bank but the stuff that is cursed gets thrown into a vault until it can be dealt with.”

 

“Spot on,” Bill said with a nod, “And since all of us important curse breakers have far more important things to do, we don’t have time to break curses on old family heirlooms. So our trainees spend a good while in that vault, to begin with. Once you guys have proven yourself on everyday curses, we assign you a mentor, and you get to observe them on real curse-breaking missions. If your mentor thinks you’re good enough, they will let you help in the actual breaking of those curses, but you will not work unsupervised until you have been given your curse breaker qualification at the end of your training year. Does everyone understand that?”

 

There were nods all around, so Bill continued, “Perfect. In that case, I want to do a little exercise to introduce you all to each other. You will be working together, at least to begin with, in the cursed vault, so it’s not a bad idea for you to know each other a little better. Let’s start by going around the group and finding out what your names are and where you’re all from. Daphne, do you want to start us off?”

 

Daphne nodded, she spun around in her chair so she could see everyone else in the room, “I’m Daphne Greengrass, and I’m homegrown here in England.”

 

The next person to speak was the only other girl, she had pale skin, dark brown hair and grey eyes “I’m Natasha Kowolski, and I’m from Moscow in Russia.”

 

“I’m Franklin Lowe,” A fairly tall, well structured blonde boy said, “And I’m from Chicago in the United States.”

 

“I am Husani Farrah,” A dark-skinned boy with dark brown hair said in a thick accent, “And I am from Luxor in Egypt.”

 

“I’m Solomon Sarkey,” A brown boy with jet black hair said, “And I’m from Ankara in Turkey.”

 

“I’m Viggo Scheving,” A thin, blonde boy said, “And I’m from Reykjavik in Iceland.”

 

“Alright, so we’ve got a great range of nationalities here this year,” Bill said, “And everyone speaks brilliant English which means communication won’t be a problem. I want to do a couple of tasks to help break the ice between you guys. We’ll start with the easiest one. I want you all to tell me two truths and a lie, if none of your new trainees guess the lie, then you get a chocolate frog.”

 

Daphne wanted to roll her eyes; she hated getting to know each other games; she thought that they were stupid.

 

“Natasha, why don’t you start us off? Tell us two truths and a lie. Everyone else, write down which one you think is the lie on the parchment that I’ve provided you with.”

 

Daphne looked down and frowned; she hadn’t even realised that there was parchment, a quill and an inkpot on the desk until now.

 

Natasha frowned for a moment before eventually saying, “My boyfriend is a state Prince, my father was an assassin, I went to school at a former palace which is now a private school.”

 

Daphne frowned and jotted down, “Assassin Father,” as the lie. Mind you; the girl was Russian, so she wasn’t entirely convinced about that.

 

“Viggo?”

 

“I went hillwalking on an active volcano, I’ve stroked a polar bear, and my favourite hobby is surfing,” Viggo said.

 

Daphne smirked and jotted down, “Polar bears aren’t native to Iceland.”

 

“Great, Solomon?”

 

“I’m descended from the Sultans of Constantinople, I have eight brothers, and I have seen the pyramids,” Solomon said.

 

Daphne scribbled down, “Sultans of Constantinople.”

 

“Husani?”

 

“I have swum in the Nile, my Father is Kenyan, my middle name is Henry,” Husani said.

 

“Henry,” Daphne jotted down.

 

“Franklin, what about you?”

 

“I could have gone to Harvard, my Great Grandfather went over Niagara Falls in a barrel, and I have disillusioned myself and flown off of the top of the Empire State Building on my broom,” Franklin replied.

 

Daphne snorted in amusement, she swithered between Niagara Falls and the Empire State building then wrote down, “Niagara Falls.”

 

“Alright, Daphne, you’re up,” Bill said as he shot her an amused smile.

 

Daphne smirked to herself and said, “My favourite colour is purple, I can play the piano, and I’m engaged to Harry Potter.”

 

Bill had to turn away to hide his grin as two of the boys scoffed, and Natasha laughed out loud. Daphne shot Bill a grin while everyone else jotted their thoughts down.

 

“Alright then, Natasha. What was the lie?”

 

“That my school was a former palace,” Natasha replied, “It was a cathedral.”

 

“Hold up; your father was an assassin?” Franklin asked in disbelief.

 

Natasha shrugged, “Not all of the time, just during the cold war.”

 

“The war you fought against us, you mean?” Franklin asked incredulously.

 

“Woah, shut the front door,” Daphne said before Bill could intervene, “We literally just killed a dark wizard. Your muggle war problems are way in the past.”

 

Natasha nodded, “Fair point.”

 

Franklin didn’t look convinced, but he said no more as he glared at Natasha. To diffuse the situation, Bill changed the subject, “So no chocolate frogs there, they will appear on your desk if you were right. Let’s move on, Viggo?”

 

“My lie was that I stroked a polar bear,” Viggo began.

 

A chocolate frog immediately appeared on Daphne’s desk, she smirked and said, “Polar bears aren’t native to Iceland.”

 

“True but don’t be too smug,” Bill warned her, “Because they are occasionally seen there, they swim over from Greenland.”

 

Daphne resisted the urge to roll her eyes at that as Bill moved on, “Solomon?”

 

“My lie was that I have eight brothers,” Solomon said, “I really am descended from the Sultans of Constantinople, but I only have seven brothers, thankfully.”

 

“I feel your pain,” Bill said with an amused smile, “I’m one of seven.”

 

Solomon chuckled at this and Bill said, “Husani?”

 

Husani smiled, “My lie was that my Father is Kenyan. My Grandfather was Kenyan, but my father was born in England, which is why my middle name is Henry.”

 

“Very interesting,” Bill said with a smile, “Franklin, what was your lie?”

 

“My lie was that I could have gone to Harvard,” Franklin said, “I have no Muggle qualifications, but my Great Grandfather did nearly kill himself several times by going over Niagara Falls in a barrel, and some say I am a bit of a daredevil too.”

 

“I would agree with them if you’re flying off of skyscrapers,” Bill chuckled, “Daphne, I know what your lie is but I don’t think that any of the others do.”

 

Daphne grinned.

 

“It’s that she’s with Harry Potter, obviously,” Natasha said.

 

“No,” Bill chuckled, “It’s that her favourite colour is purple.”

 

“Exactly, it’s actually green,” Daphne smirked.

 

“No way!” Franklin gaped, “You can’t be serious!”

 

Daphne smirked, “I’m serious, we’ve been together for nearly a year.”

 

“I can verify that,” Bill said with an amused smile, “Harry Potter is my youngest brothers best friend, and he is most definitely dating Daphne.”

 

Natasha raised an eyebrow at Daphne, “Interesting.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow back at her, “Is it?”

 

Natasha just nodded.

 

“So now that we all know each other a little better,” Bill said with a smile, “Let’s get on with the really fun part, health and safety paperwork!”

 

 

Despite Draco’s pep talk, Hermione still felt nervous as she stood in the atrium of the Ministry having her wand checked by the security wizard. It seemed to take a lot longer than it should have done, but once it was done, she was free to enter an elevator and make her way to the DMLE. She could hear her heart pounding as she stepped into the busy elevator and kept her gaze downwards to avoid anyone noticing her and talking to her.

 

When the elevator reached her floor, she dashed out and walked briskly along the corridor until she entered the DMLE. Once she was there, she stopped at the front desk and smiled nervously at the welcome witch, “Hi, I’m here for my induction on the DMLE Development course. My name is Hermione Granger.”

 

The welcome witch didn’t even look up from the magazine of Witch Weekly that she was flicking through, “Yeah, Miss Clearwater is waiting for you in her office. First door on your left.”

 

Hermione felt a little relieved when she heard that name because she presumed that Miss Clearwater was Penelope Clearwater. Hermione didn’t know her incredibly well, but she did know her at least. She walked down the hall and stopped outside the door that said,

 

“Assistant Head

Penelope Clearwater.”

 

She took a breath and knocked.

 

“Come in,” A kind voice called.

 

Hermione opened the door and stepped into the spacious office. Penelope Clearwater smiled up from her desk; she was a beautiful woman with long, slightly curled brown hair and eyes that Hermione had always found very kind.

 

“Good morning Hermione, take a seat.”

 

Hermione sat down across from Penelope and immediately felt at ease when she said, “There’s no need to look so anxious. I think you are going to fit in just fine here. You are also the only person on our development course this year so we can all devote plenty of time and resources to you. Not that you will need it, you were brilliant even when I knew you.”

 

Hermione smiled slightly shyly, “Thank you, Penelope. I always found you to be knowledgeable and practical too.”

 

Penelope chuckled, “That’s one way of putting it. Percy liked to call me focused; I always felt that it was an insult.”

 

Hermione couldn’t help herself, although she was trying to act professional, she laughed at that and said, “Coming from Percy?”

 

“I know, right?” Penelope said through her laughter, “Anyway, I really must be professional and give you the outline of your course. As you know, it lasts for a year, and in that year, you will get to spend a little time in every area of the department. You will be observing for the most part, but if the people you are working with are satisfied with your work, they may allow you to partake in certain tasks. There will also be a lot of paperwork. I am afraid; it always tends to fall to the trainees.”

 

“I expected that,” Hermione said honestly.

 

Penelope continued, “Over the year, we will assess you to see what areas we find you work best in, but you will also have a say in what you specialise in. At the end of the year, we will have a meeting, and we’ll work out what you are going to specialise in as a fully-fledged Ministry employee.”

 

Hermione nodded as Penelope explained this.

 

“Are you aware of how many subdivisions there are in the DMLE?” Penelope asked.

 

“I know of the Auror office, the Improper Use of Magic Office and the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office,” Hermione replied.

 

Penelope smiled, “That was all that I was aware of before I started, but we do so much more here. Would you like the tour?”

 

Hermione got to her feet eagerly, “Oh, yes, please.”

 

Penelope led Hermione out of the office and down the corridor into an area full of cubicles, “This is the Auror office. The Aurors do a lot more than they used to, budget cuts, unfortunately. We used to have an Investigation Department, but now we pair all of our Aurors up, and they head up their own investigations. We also combined the Witch Watchers with the Aurors; both are in effect highly skilled detectives. There was a time when Aurors just dealt with dark wizards and dark magic, but now they deal with all serious crimes like murder, manslaughter, fraud, you name it..”

 

Hermione nodded thoughtfully, “So, like you said, the equivalent of a muggle detective.”

 

“Exactly,” Penelope said, “During your stint in the Auror office you won’t be working as an Auror of course. You will be helping Rachel co-ordinate the Aurors. These men and women are brilliant at catching bad guys, but without Rachel to tell them who is working on what case and who is on night duty from one week to the next, they would be useless.”

 

Hermione laughed and nodded, “I could get on board with that.”

 

“At the back of this lot of cubicles is another set,” Penelope added, “That’s the Magical Law Enforcement Patrol. They are the equivalent of your Muggle police; they do the stuff that’s too boring for the Aurors. You know, drunk Quidditch players causing aggro, crowd control at events like Quidditch games or press conferences, that sort of thing. While you’re working with these guys you will spend a lot of time in the field; it’s not for everyone, a lot of people hate their stint here and can’t wait to get back to the paperwork.”

 

“I’m sure I could handle it, I grew up with Harry Potter,” Hermione said with an amused smile.

 

Penelope chuckled and led her through the maze of cubicles to a small bullpen at the back, “These guys are Hit Wizards. A lot of people think they are assassins because of the name, but their job is to deal with the most dangerous criminals around. They sometimes work in conjunction with the Aurors but most of the time we loan them out to the Muggle police force so that they can catch serial killers or child molesters, the worst scum around basically.”

 

Hermione nodded, “What will I be doing while I’m in this department?”

 

“You will be communicating with the Muggle police. Every police department in the UK has a hotline that takes them to us; you answer the calls, decide what is important enough for our Hit Wizards to take on. Then you select a Hit Wizard, give them a cover story and send them off into deep cover to help the muggles catch their bad guy,” Penelope explained.

 

“Alright,” Hermione said, she already had a feeling that she would find it difficult to select only the most serious of cases.

 

“Let’s go back this way, and I’ll show you the rest,” Penelope said, she led the way back through the cubicles into the main corridor. Hermione followed her along it until she paused outside a door.

 

“That’s the Improper Use of Magic Office in there,” Penelope explained, “They are the people who send you letters when you use magic in the school holidays. They also investigate underage magic and incidents of improper use of magic, so there is a lot of paperwork but also a bit of fieldwork too.”

 

Hermione nodded and glanced to the door to her right.

 

“Ah, that is Wizengamot Administration Services,” Penelope said, “Some people love it, most people hate it. Essentially, all of the paperwork for the Wizengamot, so that will involve a lot of sitting around in courtrooms taking notes, sending out court notices, it’s completely paperwork, I hated it.”

 

“I think I might too,” Hermione admitted.

 

“This one here,” Penelope said as they walked down the corridor slightly, “Is the Administrative Registration Department, it got a bad rep for the things it did during the war, chiefly because of the Muggle Registration Act, but it’s a good department to work in. I spent a good two years there, what we do here is register every birth, death and marriage in the wizarding world. People have to come in to register births and deaths and to give notice that they are due to marry, so it’s a good job for a people person, you hear interesting stories.”

 

“It does sound good,” Hermione said, “I do enjoy talking to people and hearing their stories.”

 

“I honestly loved it,” Penelope said as they walked further down the corridor again, “But like I said, the war gave it an awful reputation.”

 

“The war gave the whole department and the whole Ministry an awful reputation,” Hermione pointed out.

 

Penelope stiffened up a little at that, “Yes, well, unfortunately, there is nothing we can do about that. This is the Department of Intoxicating Substances. What they do is fairly self-explanatory, they make regulations about the consumption of alcoholic beverages, and they also monitor the importation and exportation of potions ingredients that can be used as drugs. There is sometimes a tiny bit of fieldwork, but it is 99.9% paperwork.”

 

Hermione nodded and followed Penelope further along the corridor to a point where the light didn’t seem to work correctly, as it flickered she could just make out a doorway to a tiny, cramped office, “And this is the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office. I will be honest with you; it is something of a joke; people will tell you that they will send you here if you make mistakes.”

 

“You realise that one of my best friends is Ron Weasley, don’t you?” Hermione asked with a raised eyebrow, “Regardless of what we both think about Percy, his Dad, who runs this department, took me in every summer and treated me like one of his own children.”

 

Penelope’s cheeks flushed slightly, “Of course, how silly that something like that should slip my mind. My apologies.”

 

Hermione didn’t say anything to that, so Penelope cleared her throat and said, “In that case, you know what the work here entails. Now, we structure the year so that you spend more time in certain departments. You will begin by spending two months in the Auror Office, followed by a month with the Hit Wizards. Then you will spend two months with the Magical Law Enforcement Patrol and two months with the Improper Use of Magic Office. After that you will spend one month in Wizengamot Administration Services then two months in the Administrative Registration Department and then one month in the Department of Intoxicating Substances. Finally, you will spend your last month in the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office. Do you have any questions?”

 

Hermione shook her head.

 

Penelope smiled, but it didn’t seem as genuine as before, “Perfect. In that case, we will have tea in my office and start working our way through the paperwork.”

 

 

When Daphne stepped inside her and Harry’s little holiday cottage, she smiled. She could smell something amazing cooking, and she could hear Harry whistling in the kitchen. She kicked off her shoes, hung up her cloak and walked along the hall.

 

“Ah, look whose home! Was it as bad as you thought?”

 

“There were getting to know you games and four hours of paperwork,” Daphne said as she leant in the doorway.

 

Harry laughed, “Right up your street then,” he joked as he handed her a glass of wine.

 

“I could get used to this,” Daphne said as she sat down on the kitchen table, “Coming home to home-cooked meals and wine.”

 

Harry snorted, “Don’t get used to it, once I start Auror training, I’m not going to have as much time on my hands.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne said quietly. Harry knew that she would never say it, but he could tell that she was upset that he would be leaving tomorrow.

 

“But tonight is not about that,” Harry said before she could get down about it, “Tell me about your first day.”

 

“Well,” Daphne said as she sipped her wine, “The fact that Bill is my boss is just weird. He made us do getting to know each other games to break the ice so we had to tell two truths and a lie and the other people had to guess which the lie was.”

 

“Sounds like Bill,” Harry said with a smile, “Did anyone guess yours?”

 

Daphne grinned, “No, I said that my favourite colour is purple, I play the piano, and my fiancé is Harry Potter. They all thought that the last one was the lie.”

 

Harry grinned back at her, “Your favourite colour is green or silver, depending on the event and your outfit.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “Very good. Nobody believed that you really were my fiancé, Bill had to back me up.”

 

“That’s because I like to keep you all to myself,” Harry said as he shot her a grin, “Although I don’t know how people can’t know, do they read the Prophet?”

 

“Probably not, I was the only Brit there,” Daphne said thoughtfully, “There’s only one other girl, she’s Russian, and her Dad was an assassin in the Cold War, she’s intense.”

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at her, “She sounds it. What about the other people? Any attractive men that I need to worry about?”

 

Daphne snorted, “No, well…one of them is alright looking, and he’s Scandinavian, but he’s into nature and hiking.”

 

Harry chuckled, “So no threats then?”

 

“Definitely not,” Daphne said with a smile, “There’s a guy from Egypt, an American who I can just tell is going to irritate me and a Turkish guy who thinks he’s the best thing since sliced bread.”

 

Harry sniggered, “Quite some collection of people then.”

 

“Hmm,” Daphne hummed thoughtfully, “How about you? Are any of your fellow Trainee Aurors hot enough to tempt you?”

 

“Away from you?” Harry asked incredulously, “Daph, it would take a full-on Veela with an Imperius Curse to do that.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Are you trying to charm me?”

 

“Maybe,” Harry said with a soft smile, “I am leaving for two weeks tomorrow after all…”

 

“And we do have this little cottage all to ourselves…” Daphne added as she stood up and walked over to the sink, shooting him a suggestive look over her shoulder.

 

Harry knew that look well, he turned the gas off on the stove and walked over to her, “I was planning on having dinner first, but I think you have other plans.”

 

Daphne smirked at him, “Like you said, you will be gone for two weeks. Shouldn’t we take advantage of every minute we have now?”

 

Harry walked forward and put his arms around her from behind  “Yeah, I think we should.”

 

“Me too,” Daphne murmured as she felt him run his hands from her shoulders over her chest while moulding his hips against her backside.

 

Daphne turned around at this and pulled Harry down into a heated kiss, their tongues entwining as she did. In response, Harry closed the gap between them and, putting his hands on her arse, he picked her up with ease and sat her on the kitchen worktop. She wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled his t-shirt off.

 

Harry moved his mouth to her neck, “You’re not even going to let me take you to the bedroom?”

 

Daphne moaned and then smirked, “Harry, there are no portraits in this house like there are in ours. I plan on fucking you in every room before you leave for isolation tomorrow, starting right here.”

 

“You are too fucking hot,” Harry murmured, capturing her lips once more.

 

Daphne moaned slightly once more and then breaking the kiss, started to kiss as many of Harry’s scars as she could reach. Harry’s breath caught slightly, “Daph, stop being such a tease”.

 

She smirked in return, taking a brief pause from her ministrations, “But why? We have all the time in the world and no one to interrupt”.

 

With this comment, she slid off the worktop and got to her knees in front of Harry while pulling down his trousers. As Harry was about to say something in return, she took him into her mouth and unsurprisingly the words left him and were replaced with a guttural groan.

 

However enjoyable as it was, Harry was eager to fuck his fiancée, so he pulled her to her feet, ripped open her blouse and in one movement vanished her bra and cast the protection charm. Daphne was then spun around with a gasp, and bent over the kitchen table as Harry hiked up her skirt, pushed her green silk panties to one side and slid inside her.

 

She couldn’t help but moan loudly as Harry’s hands, rough and callused from years of Quidditch grasped her breasts as he pounded into her and took out his frustration at not being able to do this in their own house because of all of their damn lodgers.

 

Harry didn’t last long after her excellent blowjob earlier and moaned her name as he released inside her a few short minutes later.

 

As Harry caught his breath, Daphne looked at him over her shoulder. She was short of breath herself, but that didn’t stop her from smirking as she wriggled out from underneath him. She looked at him with pink cheeks and fixed her hair, “That was one hell of a way to christen the kitchen, but where next?”.

 

 

When Hermione stepped out of the fireplace into the kitchen of Potter Manor, she was surprised to find it empty. She knew that Draco had been off today and she had sort of been hoping that he might cook dinner or do something romantic. After all, he was going into isolation tomorrow morning.

 

She sighed and was about to leave the room when she noticed a scroll of parchment on the table. She unrolled it and skimmed the writing with a frown;

 

“Hermione,

 

I have a surprise for you. Meet me at Claremont Square.

 

Draco.”

 

Hermione grinned and hurried towards the front door so she could apparate to the square. She had a feeling that she knew what his surprise was; after all, Claremont Square was opposite 12 Grimmauld Place.

 

As soon as Hermione reached the gate, she apparated to the square and smiled when she saw Draco waiting in front of a fountain.

 

“You said you had a surprise for me?”

 

Draco smiled and hooked his arm through hers, “I do, how was your first day?”

 

“It was okay,” Hermione replied as Draco led her towards a small gate out of the park, “My boss is Penelope Clearwater, she was a Ravenclaw a few years above us at school, she dated Percy Weasley.”

 

“Is that a good thing or a bad thing?” Draco asked.

 

“Well, I thought it was a good thing,” Hermione said honestly, “But now I think it might be a bad thing because I’ve managed to piss her off already.”

 

Draco sniggered, “How did you manage that?”

 

“She insulted Ron’s Dad!” Hermione said indignantly, “I got the tour of the DMLE, she was telling me about all the subdivisions because over the next year I have to spend a month or two in each one so that they can work out what I’m good at and so that I can work out what I like.”

 

Draco nodded and opened the little iron-wrought gate for her, “How did that result in her insulting Ron’s Dad or in you pissing her off?”

 

“Well she started with the crucial things, the Auror Office, the Improper Use of Magic Office, you know?” Hermione said.

 

Draco nodded, and Hermione continued, “Then at the very end of the tour we got to a part of the corridor that had no lighting, and she points to this office which was basically a bloody broom cupboard. Anyway, it was the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, and she had the nerve to say that it was a joke and that if I made any mistakes, my superiors would joke about sending me there.”

 

Draco grimaced, “Ah, and Arthur Weasley runs it.”

 

“Yes, and he loves his job,” Hermione said hotly, “After the war, he could have done anything that he wanted, but he went back to that job because he enjoys it so much. It’s not a joke, what they do is very important, if Muggles were allowed to run around with biting teapots or vomiting toilets then the statute of secrecy wouldn’t stand up for very long, would it?”

 

Draco shook his head, “No, it wouldn’t. It is an important job, he protects Muggles from wizards cruel practical jokes, and you’re right, it’s important to make sure that these items are confiscated and that the Muggles are obliviated. The last thing we need is another witch hunt on our hands.”

 

Hermione smiled at him, and Draco frowned, “What?”

 

“Nothing,” Hermione said with a fond smile, “It’s just…once upon a time, you would be the last person that I would expect to defend Arthur Weasley or the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office.”

 

Draco smiled warmly at her, “Well times change, and so do people. Now, here is your surprise…”

 

Hermione looked around and realised that they were standing in front of a house, “Welcome home.”

 

Hermione beamed, and she was fairly sure that she had tears in her eyes, the house had obviously had the Fidelius Charm taken off of it because she could see it. The dark, foreboding exterior was gone too, in favour of a whitewashed look with…

 

“Are those golden railings?”

 

“Gold leaf,” Draco said with a wave of his hand, “I thought the Gryffindor in you would like it, the interior is far more neutral though, sorry.”

 

Hermione shook her head and let her happy tears fall, “No, I don’t care what the interior looks like. I love it, Draco!”

 

Draco smiled with relief; he opened his mouth to say something else, but then a call distracted them.

 

“Howdy neighbours!”

 

Hermione and Draco tore their eyes off of each other to look at the house next door to theirs. Theo was hanging out of the drawing-room window of number 11 waving a cowboy hat.

 

“Way to ruin the moment Theo,” Hermione called back, a little irritably.

 

“Sorry Princess,” Theo said, he winked at her, threw the cowboy hat out onto the street and disappeared back inside his house.

 

“I have to spend two weeks with him,” Draco muttered as he picked up the hat and walked towards the front door, “Two whole weeks of him whining about how much he loves Sadie and how much he misses her and talking about how much Egypt sucks.”

 

Hermione shot him an amused look, “You love him really.”

 

Draco just rolled his eyes in response to that and placed his hand on the front door, “Blood wards open it, you and I are the only ones who have direct access, but in the case of an emergency, Harry can get in too.”

 

“That’s good to know,” Hermione said as they stepped into the foyer. She took off her shoes and hung her cloak up on a lovely, new coat stand; she was so glad that Draco had gotten rid of the troll leg.

 

“So,” Draco said with a smile, “I have dinner in the oven to keep it warm, but I figured you might want the tour first.”

 

“I definitely want the tour first,” Hermione said eagerly as she stepped out into the hallway. It was no longer dark and dingy, the walls were a nice, neutral magnolia and the wooden handrail on the stairs had been sanded back and looked brand new. There were brand new brown carpets down too and…

 

“You installed electricity?” Hermione asked in surprise.

 

“That was what caused the delay,” Draco admitted, “But I wanted it to be a surprise. It took the electrician forever, and it cost me a bloody fortune, I got a plumber in to give the plumbing an upgrade too.”

 

Hermione grinned, “So there are electrical lights?”

 

“And plug sockets in every room,” Draco admitted reluctantly, “The only thing I kept as gas was the oven, I have no idea how to cook on one of those new-fangled electric Muggle ones.”

 

“That’s fine,” Hermione said with a nod, her eyes were now full of tears and then suddenly she couldn’t help it in anymore. She burst into tears and threw herself at him, “Thank you Draco, thank you so much! You installed electricity, I can have a beautiful house full of magical books and everything, but I can have electricity back again, thank you!”

 

Draco smiled and pulled her closer, “That’s alright, I know how much you wanted it and…I want you to be happy, even if that means electricity.”

 

“You’ll love it,” Hermione promised him as she pulled back from the hug and wiped her eyes, “We’ll get a TV, and you will love electricity, trust me.”

 

“I’ll take your word for it,” Draco said with a smile.

 

Hermione grinned and looked along the hall, “I love the chandelier.”

 

“I’m glad,” Draco snorted, “It took six of us to get that damn thing up there.”

 

“Six of you?” Hermione asked in amusement.

 

“Six of us,” Draco agreed…

 

“I can’t get the damn thing up!”

 

“That’s because you tried to force it on, and you broke it,” Harry snorted, “I’ll hang it properly for you.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “I didn’t break it.”

 

“It looks pretty broken to me,” Neville admitted.

 

Ron nodded, “Yeah, I don’t think that thing should be hanging off like that.”

 

Harry grabbed the ladder in amusement and started to climb it.

 

“Woah, watch out, mate,” Ron said as the ladder began to shake. He grabbed one end, and Neville grabbed the other. Theo put a hand on one of the rungs for good measure.

 

“Cheers guys,” Harry said as he adjusted the chandelier and hung off the ladder for a second to make sure that it was hanging straight.

 

“What are you five idiots doing?” A voice from below said.

 

“Putting up a chandelier,” Harry replied.

 

“Takes five of you to do that, does it?” Lilly asked with a grin, “This is like the old joke.”

 

“What old joke?” Harry asked, jumping back down to the ground.

 

Lilly put a tray of lemonade down on the hall table, “How many Hogwarts students does it take to change a lightbulb? Six.”

 

“Go on,” Neville snorted.

 

“One Slytherin to break it,” Lilly said, looking pointedly at Draco.

 

“I didn’t mean to break it,” He muttered.

 

Lilly grinned, “One Gryffindor to volunteer to fix it.”

 

Harry raised his hand, “Guilty.”

 

“Three Hufflepuffs to hold the ladder,” Lilly said.

 

“Oi!” Ron said, “Why are we the Hufflepuffs?”

 

“Cause we’re the idiots who were holding the ladder?” Neville suggested.

 

Lilly’s grin turned into a smirk, “And one Ravenclaw to say, why the hell didn’t you just use magic?”

 

Theo smacked himself in the head, “Fuck.”

 

“Nice work though, beautiful chandelier,” Lilly said with an amused grin.

 

“Shut up, Lil,” Harry complained good-naturedly.

 

Hermione was beside herself with laughter at this story, “Well, she’s right.”

 

“I know,” Draco chuckled, “Now come on, I want to show you the rest of the house.”

 

He led her into the newly refurbished house. There were some significant changes, the house-elves heads that had lined the staircase were gone, thankfully, and the portrait of Sirius’s psychotic mother had also been removed, but something else hung in its place.

 

“Draco,” Hermione said in disbelief.

 

“I know, I’m sorry,” Draco said sheepishly, “But I knew you wouldn’t agree to have the portrait there, and I know you will like them.”

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at her, fiancé, “Will I?”

 

“Of course you will,” Draco said matter of factly, “Come on.”

 

He dragged Hermione over to the portrait, which featured his grandparents when they were in their late 40’s. Abraxas was a handsome, stately looking man with short blond hair and grey eyes. Elladora was a beautiful woman with the signature Potter black hair and green eyes.

 

“Grandfather, Grandmother,” Draco said with a smile, “This is my fiancé, Hermione.”

 

“What an interesting name,” Elladora said kindly, “And a beautiful young lady.”

 

“Her parents like Shakespeare,” Draco said offhandedly, “She’s a Nott.”

 

“Oh no,” Hermione said with a shake of her head, “You do not get to introduce me to your pureblood grandparents as a Nott. I’m a muggle-born, my mother may have been a Nott, but she was a squib, and my father is a muggle.”

 

Elladora’s eyes widened, “Was your mother, Elizabeth Nott, my dear?”

 

“She goes by Elizabeth Granger now, but yes,” Hermione replied, “I gather that you were the one who saved her life, so thank you.”

 

Elladora smiled, “No child should be killed for their blood status.”

 

Abraxas bowed his head, “I am of the same stance as my wife where that is concerned. I was one of two surviving children from six, and my elder sister was a squib.”

 

“Was she?” Hermione asked in surprise.

 

Draco nodded, “There’s a portrait of her in the kitchen of Potter Manor. She became a servant there, and Charlus fell in love with her, she was his mistress.”

 

“What is it with Malfoys falling in love with Notts and Potters?” Hermione asked, shooting her fiancé an amused look.

 

“It’s in our blood,” Draco joked.

 

Hermione frowned, “But wait a minute…isn’t Charlus Potter, your father, Elladora?”

 

“Yes, he is,” Elladora replied.

 

“So your father's mistress was your husband's sister?” Hermione asked.

 

“We’re purebloods darling; nothing is a surprise.”

 

“You and Theo are cousins, and we’re in a-”

 

“Don’t call it a four-way,” Hermione warned him, “We are not in a four-way.”

 

“Yeah but that one time it was, and he’s your cousin,” Draco smirked.

 

“Don’t remind me, and can we not have this conversation in front of your grandparents?”

 

“Oh they’ll find out all of our dirty secrets soon enough, they live in our hall now,” Draco said offhandedly, “And they are well-acquainted with the concept. Remember al the rumours about my grandfather and Thaddeus Nott?”

 

“Yes…” Hermione said slowly as she looked up the portrait.

 

“Entirely true,” Elladora said with a roll of her eyes.

 

Abraxas raised an eyebrow at his wife, “You hardly had an innocent relationship with Gertie.”

 

“That’s Gertrude Longbottom he’s talking about,” Draco whispered, “Thaddeus’s wife.”

 

“Are you telling me that a Potter, a Malfoy, a Nott and a Longbottom were having a four-way two generations ago?”

 

Draco grinned, “Harry and Neville are so screwed, right?”

 

Hermione shook her head in disbelief, “Before all of your family secrets come out, can I see the rest of my house?”

 

Draco laughed, “Yeah, look I moved the kitchen from the basement to the first floor. It’s just over here where the dining room used to be…”

 

Across the hall from the kitchen, where there had been a small library, he had made room for a dining room big enough for them and all of their friends.

 

Draco insisted on showing her the basement last, so Hermione let him lead her upstairs. The drawing-room had been given a makeover, and in a nod to their houses, there were two comfortable armchairs by the fire, one was scarlet red, and the other was emerald green. The tapestry had also been restored, all those who had been burned off were now back on the tapestry and Draco had also added people like Hermione and Harry to it. There was also a small bedroom with an adjoining bathroom on this floor.

 

The second floor had another small bedroom with an adjoining bathroom, but this wasn’t the primary use of the space. The drawing-room had previously taken up two floors due to its high ceiling, but Draco had created a whole new room by lowering the ceiling. He had floored this room with solid oak floorboards, and it was probably, Hermione’s favourite room in the entire house.

 

“You made me a library,” Hermione whispered in disbelief. It wasn’t even a small library, it was a huge library, complete with wooden ladders to reach the highest shelves and comfortable armchairs dotted around rather than just tables with uncomfortable wooden chairs. Draco had even put window seats into all three of the high windows that let light stream into the room.

 

Draco glanced at her nervously, “I hope it’s okay. I took all of the books that weren’t cursed or about dark magic from Malfoy Manor. Then I bought a lot second hand at a bargain rate from Flourish and Blotts. There should be a good range of magical disciplines as well as some histories and the odd wizarding fiction book,” he said, he was jabbering now, “And I added a Muggle literature section too with-”

 

Hermione cut him off before he could finish, she launched herself at him again, but this time it was to kiss him, not to cry on him. Draco stopped talking abruptly and kissed her back with as much fervour as she was kissing him.

 

“It’s perfect,” She said as she pulled back from the kiss, “It is so perfect, Draco, thank you.”

 

Draco smiled and sighed with relief, “Thank Merlin, I was worried you wouldn’t like it.”

 

“You gave me my own library Draco, how could I not like anything about that?” Hermione asked as she stared around the room, “I could spend all night in here…”

 

“If you spend all night in here I can’t show you the rest of the house or treat you to the fabulous meal I have prepared you,” Draco said as he grabbed her hand and tried to pull her out of the room, “Or seduce you and keep you in my arms all night until I have to leave tomorrow morning.”

 

Hermione laughed at that and let him pull her away from the library, “That’s true, I’ll have two weeks to kill when you’re in isolation. I can get acquainted with my library then.”

 

Draco agreed with her and took upstairs to show her the rest of the house. The third floor was home to another small bedroom and the master bedroom. Draco had kept it neutral again so that Hermione could decorate it however she wished, as long as that didn’t involve red and gold. He had also moved the doorway to the bathroom on that floor so that it was now an ensuite for the master.

 

The fourth floor hadn’t changed much in terms of layout. The rooms that had once belonged to Sirius and Regulus were now decorated neutrally with a shared bathroom connecting the two. The only change on this floor was in the stairs to the attic, before they had been tucked away behind a door small enough for a house-elf and you had to duck to get up them. Now they were proper stairs with a bannister.

 

“Why did you change the attic stairs?”

 

“Because they don’t just lead to the attic anymore,” Draco said with a grin, “Let me show you.”

 

He walked up the stairs, and Hermione followed him. At the top of the narrow, steep stairs there were two doors, both at elf height.

 

“That leads to the attic space,” Draco said as he motioned towards the door on their left, “But this leads to the roof terrace.”

 

He opened the door, ducked and walked through it. Hermione followed him and smiled when she stepped out. It was a small square, only big enough for the two sun loungers that Draco had placed here and maybe a few plants. They had a fantastic view of London from up here, though. But as Hermione leant on the railing and looked around, she saw something that made her frown.

 

“Draco is that…”

 

Draco followed her line of sight and looked sheepish when he saw what had caught her attention, “Uh…yeah, I was worried that might bother you.”

 

Number 12 Grimmauld Place was a narrower house than Number 11, but it had a similar amount of space because it had an extra floor. As such, when Hermione looked down, she saw another small roof terrace and Theo was sunbathing on it, completely naked.

 

“The fact they live next door doesn’t bother me,” Hermione said as she raised an eyebrow at Draco, “The fact our roof terrace looks out onto their roof terrace doesn’t bother me either unless of course, your best friend is butt bloody naked on it!”

 

“Yeah,” Draco grimaced, “I can see why that would bother you. THEO! Put it away, mate!”

 

Theo opened his eyes and looked up at them. He grinned and pulled a towel over himself, “Sorry mate, tan lines, I hate them.”

 

“See, he’s a cooperative neighbour,” Draco said as he glanced over at Hermione.

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at him, “Uh-huh. Are you going to show me this basement or not?”

 

Draco was just glad that she wasn’t angrier about Theo’s indecent display. He nodded, and they made their way down several flights of stairs back into the entrance hallway. The stairs to the basement were in the same place that they had always been, but they didn’t seem so creepy now that they were lit with electric lights. At the bottom of the stairs, the door which had once led to the kitchen said in large letters, “DRACO’S MAN CAVE.”

 

“Harry has a lot to answer for,” Hermione said dryly as Draco opened the door and led Hermione inside.

 

“It does have its uses though,” Draco said, “I mean it has a bar, it could be used for parties.”

 

The basement had been completely stripped back and converted into what was essentially a huge function room. It was pretty neat, Hermione had to admit, the exposed stone arch foundations gave it a rustic feel. Draco had kitted it out with a bar, tables and comfortable armchairs and sofas. It could all be pushed aside to make room for a dancefloor though.

 

“What’s that door?” Hermione asked with a frown.

 

“Oh, it’s not in use,” Draco said with a wave of his hand, “It was just a door that was there, I couldn’t get rid of it.”

 

Hermione narrowed her eyes at him, “You managed to get rid of a screaming portrait and the decapitated heads of dead house-elves, but you couldn’t get rid of that door?”

 

Draco shrugged, “Yeah, it’s an old door, you know?”

 

“Draco,” Hermione said in a warning tone, “What’s that door?”

 

Draco grimaced and waited for a bollocking as he admitted, “It goes to Theo’s man cave, but it’s got powerful wards and locking charms on it so we can’t just come and go as we please. We’ve got to allow each other access, like a floo system.”

 

“What is the point?” Hermione asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“Well he’s my best friend, I spent seven years in a dorm with him at Hogwarts, I can’t just go from that to never seeing him,” Draco began to argue.

 

“No, I mean what's the point in warding the bloody door?” Hermione asked him, “You’re going to be coming and going every five minutes anyway. Just make it a bloody door.”

 

“Seriously?” Draco asked her.

 

“If this is going to be a four-way anyway, we might as well get rid of the obstacles,” Hermione said matter of factly.

 

“So you’re completely okay with having a door in the basement that goes to his basement? Even though he could come barging into our bedroom at 6 am because he thinks he’s dying of dragon pox when he actually just has a spot on his face?”

 

“He would do that even if we didn’t have a door,” Hermione snorted, “There will have to be some rules but as long as you’re not going to use it to meet up and shag in the middle of the night then yes, I’m okay with it just being a door.”

 

Draco grinned, “Well would you look at that, I’ve made a pureblood of you. I think you’re more of a Nott than you realise.”

 

“Okay now, I’m offended,” Hermione said, raising an eyebrow at her fiancé.

 

“Well, let me make it up to you, are you hungry?”

 

“Starving,” Hermione admitted,  a little grudgingly.

 

“Good,” Draco said, “I made your favourite, chicken hotpot.”

 

Hermione smiled slightly, “Is that because you thought I would flip my lid when I realised that you had built a door to Theo’s house?”

 

“Maybe,” Draco admitted as they made their way towards the kitchen.

 

“Does Sadie know about the door by the way?”

 

“No, Theo said he would tell her when she gets back from Egypt,” Draco replied.

 

Hermione snorted, “Good luck to him when he breaks that news.”

 

“Yeah, I told him that he was on his own with that one,” Draco said with an amused smile, “Now sit down, relax and let me pour you a glass of wine.”

 

Hermione smiled at him, “I can get on board with that plan and Draco?”

 

“Yeah?” Draco said, glancing around at her as he pulled the hotpot out of the oven.

 

Hermione’s smile couldn’t have been more genuine as she said, “Thank you. This house…it’s perfect.”

 

Draco grinned at her, “You deserve nothing less, Hermione.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


Amiens, France.

 

Lilly had never felt as nervous as she did on the first morning of her training course. She hadn’t had a chance to meet her fellow recruits because she had already been in bed when most of them arrived the previous night. She was glad that she had her own dorm room; however, she had been worried that she would have to share for another year.

 

All Lilly knew about her fellow trainees was that there were seven of them. She had been observing them discreetly as they waited in line to meet the head of the centre. There were five girls, including herself, and three boys. 

 

“Good morning, trainees!” A harsh female voice barked.

 

Lilly jumped and looked up. The voice belonged to a tall, slim, rigorous looking woman who was wearing Healers robes adorned with the French flag, “My name is Madame Tyrannique. I am the Head Senior Healer here at the Centre for Trauma Healing, and I will be overseeing your training while you are here.”

 

Lilly was grateful for the fact that there were a few kinder looking Healers standing behind her.

 

“If you have any issues, you must come to me, but you will be working with my colleagues here,” Madam Tyrannique said as she gestured behind herself, “There will be two trainees assigned to each Senior Healer. By the end of the year, I fully expect there to be one trainee assigned to each Healer because I do not doubt that some of you will not have the stomach for this job. Yes, we treat broken bones and bad cuts, but you will see brain fluid, you will see bones sticking out of screaming patients, you will see blood gushing from people. Frankly, you have to have an extraordinary mindset to be able to cope with this job.”

 

Lilly glanced around; there were already a couple of green-ish faces.

 

“I shall make a prediction right now,” Madam Tyrannique said sternly, “One of you will quit, one of you will change course to study a more conventional sort of healing, and two of you will go home to work in local practices healing minor ailments.”

 

Lilly wanted to make sure that she wouldn’t be any of those people. She held her head up a little higher as if trying to prove that.

 

“Now, I do not believe you have met your fellow trainees so if each of you could tell us your name and where you are from, that would be much appreciated.”

 

Lilly was first in the row, so she smiled and said, “My name is Lillian Moon, but I prefer Lilly. I’m from London in the UK.”

 

The next person was an unassuming girl with dirty blonde hair and dark brown eyes, “I am Eleonore Valjean and I from Paris in France.”

 

The next person was a relatively handsome dark-skinned boy, “I’m Ayo Farrah, and I’m from Cairo in Egypt.”

 

Next to speak was a girl with dark red hair, she was tall and very conventionally good looking. She smiled and spoke with a thick Texan accent, “Hey all. My name is Savannah Adkinson, and I’m from Texas in the United States of America.”

 

Next was a stocky boy with mousy brown hair, “I’m Michael Smith, and I’m from Vancouver in Canada.”

 

Next in line was a dark-skinned girl with beautiful dark brown hair. She smiled very genuinely and said, “Hello, my name is Lucille Williams, and I am from Kingston in Jamaica.”

 

Lilly had a good feeling about Lucille; she seemed like the most genuine of all of the people who had introduced themselves. Next was a beautiful girl with tanned skin and bleached blonde hair, “Hi, I’m Charlotte Thompson and I’m from Wellington in New Zealand.”

 

The last person to speak was a boy with light blonde hair and very white, shiny teeth. Lilly supposed that a lot of women would find him good looking, but he just seemed a bit too false for her liking. She liked her men a little rougher around the edges; the thought made her smile slightly as she thought about Neville.

 

“I am Marcel Bissett, and I am from Calais in France,” Marcel said with a huge, very false smile.

 

Madam Tyrannique nodded and then consulted a list that she had on a clipboard in front of her, “Trainee Moon and Trainee Bissett; you are assigned to Senior Healer Clara Selwyn.”

 

Lilly had to resist the urge to roll her eyes. Of all the people she could have been paired with, it just had to be the French glamour king. She zoned out as all of the others were paired off and only started to pay attention when their Senior Healer walked over to greet them.

 

“Miss Moon, Mr Bissett,” Clara Selwyn said with a smile as she shook their hands. She was a classically beautiful woman with brown hair so dark it almost looked black, and deep blue eyes. She looked older than them but not quite middle-aged, Lilly guessed that she was in her mid-20’s.

 

“Nice to meet you,” Lilly said politely.

 

“Enchante,” Marcel said, “May I kiss your hand?”

 

“No, you may not,” Clara said swiftly, “And I will not tolerate any of that French nonsense, Mr Bissett. I am as English as they come, none of your fellow countrymen have managed to charm me in my six years in this country, so I doubt that you will succeed.”

 

Lilly smirked as Marcel nodded and said, “My apologies, ma’am.”

 

Clara shot him a defiant look and said, “Now shall we get started? I like to start things off with a tour of the facilities.”

 

“That sounds great,” Lilly said eagerly, she had only seen the dorm room and the cafeteria so far.

 

“I hope you’re this eager when the real work starts Miss Moon,” Clara said with a pointed look, “Now this is the lecture hall. You will attend three classes a week here, and you will take all of your written assignments here. The remainder of your course will be physical, that consists of observation and also of physical training.”

 

“Why is there such a large physical aspect of the course?” Marcel asked.

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow at him, “Oh I don’t know Marcel, maybe because we’re going to be working with Aurors in the field where there will be bad guys shooting spells at us. I think that’s why it might be a good idea to be fit enough to run away while holding injured people.”

 

Clara glanced down to hide her smirk, “I would encourage a friendlier attitude to your colleague Miss Moon. However, you are entirely correct. You may have to treat someone in the middle of a warzone; you need to be prepared for that situation.”

 

“I understand that there will be a degree of action involved,” Marcel said calmly, “But a warzone? Isn’t that an exaggeration in current times?”

 

“In current times?” Lilly asked in disbelief, “I literally just saw friends die in a war! I was one of those people treating people in the middle of a warzone while giants stomped around and werewolves tried to eat people, and Death Eaters were everywhere! Do you never look at newspapers?”

 

“Alright, I should tell you off for your attitude Miss Moon,” Clara said, “But as one of the trauma healers who served in that war, I can’t find it in me to do so. To worsen things, you were merely a school pupil when you witnessed these things.”

 

Marcel swallowed, “I am very sorry, Miss Moon. I did not mean to be insensitive. It wounds me to upset such a beautiful girl.”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Yes, and I have a boyfriend who destroyed a Horcrux with a goblin made sword. He’s also Harry Potters right-hand man, and he killed Lord Voldemort, so I’m not interested in silly little French boys, okay?”

 

Clara bit her lip in amusement; she sensed a tumultuous year ahead, “Come on, guys, let’s continue the tour. Through here we have the mock operating theatre. The Aurors back home have a simulation room, and this is very similar to that, once a week you will work together on an operation. However, the entire thing will be simulated by the rooms awe-inspiring magic. We will be watching and marking you, these marks add up over the year and are very important.”

 

Lilly nodded and remained silent as they were led up a set of stairs, “These three floors are all wards and operating rooms, each floor has a break room where you can help yourselves to tea and coffee,” Clara told them as she led them through the hospital, “We are an active training hospital after all. Upstairs you have your dorms and a shared common room. In that building over there you have the cafeteria where all meals are provided for you. Below the cafeteria is a swimming pool where you will spend an hour each week. We want to ensure that all of you are strong swimmers in case you ever have to retrieve a patient or a body from the water.”

 

Lilly nodded and listened as she took it all in, “Outside we have the track which you will be running around every morning at 6.30 am sharp. It’s a good wake up call as much as anything else. There is also a Quidditch pitch further down that path, and the hospital has a team which you can try out for you if you so wish. I think that just about covers it, do you have any other questions?”

 

“When do we start?” Lilly asked.

 

Clara chuckled, “Tomorrow morning. Today you have paperwork to fill out and your induction to complete,” she led them through a door at the back of the lecture hall that they had somehow found their way back to. They were in a small classroom full of chatter because all of the other pairs were here with their Healers too.

 

“First of all, here are your timetables,” Clara said, “Whenever it says, Hospital Placement, that means you will be with me. Everywhere I go, you come too. You will see patients getting admitted as well as check-ups and check-outs. Not to mention different sorts of surgeries.”

 

“Do we get to do any fieldwork?” Marcel asked.

 

“Not until you have been here for six months,” Clara replied, “At that point, we’ll send you home to the care of your own countries Auror training department. When you’re there, you will get to go on simulated missions.”

 

Lilly frowned as she glanced down at the timetable, “Excuse me, Clara, what does Auror Placement mean?”

 

Clara looked down at her timetable briefly, “Ah yes, you will go back to your home countries on a Wednesday afternoon and work with the Aurors who will be starting fieldwork the same year that you graduate. This is to ensure that you have a working relationship with them before you all start running riot in the real world.”

 

Lilly grinned brightly at that and Clara frowned, “You seem overly happy about that Miss Moon.”

 

“My boyfriend is training to be an Auror,” Lilly explained, “And we won’t see each other much with me being in France.”

 

“Ah,” Clara said, she smiled, and it looked sympathetic, “I understand how hard long-distance relationships are. Hopefully, this Wednesday workshop will make a difference for you.”

 

“Hopefully,” Lilly said with a smile.

 

 

Auror Training Base, London.

 

“Are you going to spend the next two weeks looking like a mopey zoo lion?”

 

Theo huffed.

 

“Did you just huff? Seriously?”

 

“Would you guys leave me alone?” Theo said irritably, “I have to spend two weeks stuck in here while my wife galivants around Egypt seeing cool shit with people who are smarter, better looking and more privileged than me. I’m not exactly thrilled about it, alright?”

 

“Okay, can I just make a point?” Harry asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

Theo glared at him in response.

 

“I find it hard to believe that there are people in this world more privileged than you,” Harry continued, “Apart from Daph maybe, she’s pretty high maintenance.”

 

 Draco snorted, “You’ve never been to wizarding Europe, have you?”

 

“I’ve never been to Europe, period,” Harry said.

 

“What?” Draco and Theo echoed.

 

“Deprived childhood, remember?” Neville chipped in, “Evil Aunt and Uncle wouldn’t take him on family outings, they were hardly going to put him in their suitcase and take him to the Algarve, were they?”

 

Harry snorted in amusement at that thought, “Thanks for the support there Nev.”

 

“You have never been to Europe?” Theo asked again, only slower this time.

 

“Theo, I’ve never left Britain,” Harry said, “I don’t even have a passport.”

 

“A what?”

 

“It’s a thing Muggles need,” Draco said with a wave of his hand, “You need to pay money to get this passport thing and if you don’t have one you can’t leave the country.”

 

Theo scoffed, “That’s the most stupid thing I’ve ever heard. Here you just go to the International Apparition Centre, tell them whether you’re travelling for business or pleasure and get your wand checked. Once they know you’re not a criminal, you’re good to go.”

 

“Unless you’re trying to smuggle illegal fauna into the country, in which case they search your trunk and detain you,” Draco said, smirking at Neville.

 

Neville rolled his eyes, “I didn’t know it was illegal, I just wanted to bring my new plant home with me, and I was six.”

 

“They bound his hands together and read him his rights; he cried like a baby,” Draco joked.

 

“How do you know this?” Harry asked, looking between his two friends with an amused smile.

 

“Because Draco had tagged along on his dad’s business trip to Austria and Gran and me were coming back from our holiday in Cyprus,” Neville explained.

 

“So I just happened to be in the right place at the right time, for the perfect blackmail opportunity,” Draco smirked.

 

“You want blackmail? We were friends back then, remember? You came over to hug me, and your dad whacked you round the head with his cane,” Neville reminded him.

 

Harry winced, “Your dad was a right bastard, but it is good to know you had a conscious before Hermione reformed you.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “Very funny.”

 

“Quit the chatter girls!”

 

The group of friends fell silent upon hearing that command. They hadn’t heard Auror Sumner enter the lecture hall where they had been killing time for the last half an hour.

 

“Welcome to the start of Auror training,” Sumner boomed, “I want you all to look around you at the people in this room. When you are all fully qualified Aurors, these people will be your peers and probably even your friends, but right now, they are your competition.”

 

Harry frowned at that and looked around the room; his three friends looked equally as confused. As did the other two pairs, Blanche Zabini and Ophelia Wood, and, Maxwell Harper and Emily Wilde.

 

“While you are here, you are competing to be the best. We have a leaderboard, and we keep track of those getting the highest marks in their classes, that’s both written and practical classes. There will be incentives for those that are at the top of the leaderboard, prizes if you like,” Sumner explained, “So it’s in your best interest to work your arses off.”

 

Harry and Neville shared a determined look, they were the best, and they were also Gryffindors which of course made them more stubborn than most.

 

“The other reason you’re competing is because not all of you will finish your training,” Sumner said, “By the end of your training period, at least two of you will have fallen by the wayside, one way or another. If we end up with two qualified pairs of Aurors at the end of three years, we consider that a good year. Do you understand how high our standards are now?”

 

“Yes, sir,” They all echoed.

 

Sumner nodded, “Good, now as you were all briefed, the next two weeks are known as the isolation period. There’s a reason for that, a very good reason,” he paused to see if anyone questioned this. Still, nobody did, “The reason is that we want you to bond with your new partner so that when we throw ourselves into the first year of training, you are already close enough to that person that you would kill or die for them.”

 

Harry’s hand shot into the air.

 

Sumner knew what was coming before he even said, “Yes, Potter?”

 

“I have killed for Neville, I’ve also died for Neville in a round-about way, I sort of died for all of my friends which included him,” Harry began, “Oh and I’ve known him since I was 11 so we’ve already bonded.”

 

“We killed a snake together, not to mention Lord Voldemort,” Neville agreed.

 

Harry nodded, “So can we just go home for the next couple of weeks?”

 

“Draco and I have bonded too!” Theo cut in, “We’ve known each other since we were babies, and I once shoved a bezoar down his throat because he drank a poisonous potion.”

 

“Just to clarify, I was three years old at the time,” Draco added, “But he’s right, he’s saved my life, and I did kill a Death Eater to save his arse in the final battle.”

 

“So I guess we can go home too then?” Theo half said, half asked.

 

Sumner was trying not to smirk as he crossed his arms over his chest. They could tell that he was finding it difficult to keep his tough-guy act up, “Nobody is exempt from isolation! I don’t care how many snakes or dark lords you’ve killed. Am I clear?”

 

“Yes, sir,” The four boys echoed.

 

“I have not had to put up with shit like this since I had James Potter and Sirius Black on this base and let me tell you; I will not hesitate to throw their heirs into the same isolation cell that I had to throw those clowns into Merlin knows how many times,” Sumner continued, “Do you idiots understand me?”

 

“Yes, sir,” They echoed. Although Harry secretly found it quite amusing that they were reminding Sumner of his father and godfather.

 

“Right!” Sumner barked, “Now that the class clowns have hung up their oversized shoes let me tell you exactly why we call this the isolation period. We don’t just leave you on the base and not let you call your partner, your mum or your granny because we’re cold-hearted bastards. We do something much worse than that; you are going to spend the next two weeks in some of the most isolated places we know with only your Auror partner, your wand and a tent.”

 

There were groans and gasps, all sounds of horror or dread.

 

Harry raised his hand, and Sumner narrowed his eyes at him, “Yes, Potter?”

 

“Camping then?”

 

Sumner narrowed his eyes even more, “I suppose you could call it camping, but there are no amenities.”

 

“You do realise, sir, that I spent an entire year camping with no amenities while avoiding all of Lord Voldemort’s minions who were scouring the country for me?” Harry said, “So I feel like I should maybe just get a two-week vacation instead.”

 

“Potter!” Sumner barked while the others sniggered or chuckled, “I said no cheek and I mean no fucking cheek! You had better think about your attitude during isolation because if it doesn’t change by the time you get back here, I will kick you to the curb, war hero or not. Do you understand me?”

 

Harry took it seriously this time, “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.”

 

Sumner’s cheeks had been getting gradually redder and redder; he currently looked like a tomato, “So listen up! Sheppard is going to come in here and collect you, one pair at a time. Then he’s going to tweak your wands and dump you in the middle of nowhere. Your wands are being tweaked so that you can’t cast a Patronus or try to communicate with anyone in any other way and there will definitely not be any fireplaces where you are going.”

 

Draco raised his hand.

 

Sumner looked at him warily, “Yes, Black?”

 

“What if there are Dementors?”

 

Sumner rolled his eyes, “There will not be any Dementors Black, we have scouted out where you’re going, and we know what you may or may not face there. If we thought there was the slightest chance you would run into Dementors then we wouldn’t disallow the Patronus charm. Do you think we’re stupid? The last thing we want is for a family like yours to bring a lawsuit against us if you get your stupid arse killed.”

 

Harry and Neville snorted in amusement at these words.

 

“Are there any other stupid questions?” Sumner asked irritably.

 

“Is this a test?” Ophelia Wood asked.

 

“Technically speaking, no,” Sumner replied honestly, “But if you end up half-dead at the end of two weeks in isolation, then we might have to reconsider your place here.”

 

Blanche’s hand shot up next.

 

“Yes, Zabini?”

 

“So what do we have to do? Just survive for two weeks?” Blanche asked.

 

“Yes,” Sumner replied, “It will be up to you to work out where you are and how to survive there. Any further questions?”

 

Everyone shook their heads, so Sumner nodded, “Good. Auror Sheppard will start collecting you shortly, do not leave this hall until he arrives.”

 

The trainees nodded in agreement as Sumner turned to leave. They all remained silent until the door had clicked shut behind the Senior Auror at which point chatter broke out.

 

“This is going to be a piece of piss,” Harry said to Neville.

 

“Is it?” Neville asked, raising an eyebrow at him, “How much do you want to bet that you found it so easy to survive on the run because of Hermione?”

 

Harry scoffed, “Hey, I never said it was easy, but I can do it without Hermione. Don’t get me wrong, she was great with the whole finding Horcruxes thing, but I did the whole on the run thing myself.”

 

“Really?” Draco asked with a vaguely amused look on his face, “Who cast the protective enchantments on the campsite then?”

 

“Uh…that would have been Hermione,” Harry admitted sheepishly.

 

“Who cooked?” Draco asked.

 

“Oh come on, you cannot call that shitty mushroom soup she made cooking!” Harry exclaimed, “We lived on baked beans and spam for an entire year.”

 

“She provided you with moral support,” Theo said, he waggled his eyebrows at Harry, “Bet you couldn’t have gotten through without that.”

 

“Yeah, I’m happy to fill Hermione’s shoes with the other bits but definitely not with that,” Neville said.

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “That wasn’t like that, alright? It wasn’t about being on the run, it was about the war and being so close to death every day.”

 

“Can we not talk about how my fiancé spent the war shagging one of my best friends, please?” Draco grimaced.

 

“Yeah, that’s a good idea,” Harry said, glaring at Theo, “Let’s just stop talking about it, entirely okay? I have experience of being on the run, Nev and me will manage just fine. You two on the other hand…”

 

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Draco asked defensively.

 

“Well, you two are privileged prats,” Neville said, “How are you going to trade your Manors and nice big houses for a tent without killing each other?”

 

“We used to go camping when we were kids,” Theo argued.

 

“You went camping once,” Neville said with an amused look, “And you didn’t even last the whole night. You went home crying because you thought you had seen an omen when it was just a stray dog.”

 

“I can sympathise on that one,” Harry said, although he was still chuckling, “And I love that you know so many embarrassing stories about those two.”

 

“I don’t,” Theo said as he glared at the Gryffindor, “Some friend you are Nev.”

 

Before the group of friends could argue any further, Sheppard stepped into the room and called out, “Black and Nott!”

 

“Good luck,” Harry said to them as they got to the feet, “We were just kidding, I know you’ll do fine.”

 

“Thanks, good luck to you too,” Draco said.

 

Neville nodded, “Yeah, you’ll be great. Good luck and…sorry, Theo.”

 

Theo smiled and patted Neville on the back, “It’s alright mate, good luck.”

 

With all good lucks said, the group parted ways. The moment Sheppard had left the hall with Draco and Theo, Harry and Neville looked at each other and said in unison, “They are so fucked.”

 

They both sniggered, “I mean Draco might be able to make something of it,” Harry continued, “But Theo?”

 

“If there are any magical creatures there, he will probably get mauled to death, even if it's only a Flobberworm,” Neville said.

 

“Forget magical creatures, what about Muggle animals?” Harry asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“And he has no idea what sorts of plants are poisonous and what sort are okay to eat,” Neville added.

 

“Are we saying that Theo might die in the next two weeks?” Harry asked.

 

Neville snorted, “Nah, Draco loves him too much to let that happen; he’ll keep him alive.”

 

“True,” Harry chuckled.

 

They continued to make small talk, mostly they were wondering what stupid stuff Theo would end up doing, or they were discussing where they might end up being stuck for the next two weeks. After about 10 minutes Maxwell and Emily were called out of the lecture hall to be whisked away to their isolated location, then Sheppard entered the room again and called, “Potter and Longbottom!”

 

“Here we go,” Harry said as he and Neville followed Sheppard out of the big hall into a smaller room.

 

“Wands please boys.”

 

Harry and Neville handed their wands over while Sheppard tweaked them so that they would be unable to communicate with their other halves. After about five minutes, he handed the wands back. Then he mumbled a spell under his breath and did some fancy wand work; the result was a portal appearing in the wall behind them.

 

Harry and Neville both stared into the portal in amazement.

 

“Alright, boys, a couple of things to know before you step on through. If you get into any serious danger, I want you to say, Rursus ut Turpia. This portal will appear for about five seconds, and you shoot red sparks through to let us know you’re in trouble. The other thing is this, remember you’re in the real world, not a simulated environment, so if you do anything to endanger anyone else or to break the statute of secrecy there will be consequences. Do you understand that?”

 

“Yes sir,” Harry and Neville replied in unison.

 

Sheppard smiled, “Alright then, on you go. Good luck.”

 

“Thank you, sir,” Harry said as he stepped through the portal with Neville on his heels.

 

 

Inverarnan, Scotland.

 

“Where the hell are we?”

 

Theo squinted up at the sky, “Scotland.”

 

“What?”

 

“The north of Scotland…” Theo continued, “Not as far up as Shetland or Orkney but definitely further up than Edinburgh,” he shielded his eyes from the bright sun and frowned, “Somewhere in the Grampians.”

 

“How on Merlin’s Earth, did you know that?” Draco asked as he stared at his best friend in disbelief.

 

“Uh did you miss the massive mountains that we are surrounded by, Drakey?” Theo asked in amusement.

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “No, I saw the mountains smart arse. How the hell did you work out that we were in Scotland based on the position of the sun?”

 

“Maybe I wasn’t as shit at Muggle studies as everyone thought I was,” Theo said smugly, “Navigating by the sun, the moon and the stars my friend. That’s what Galileo taught me.”

 

“Uh…Theo, I know I never took Muggle studies, but I’m engaged to a Muggle-born, and I’m pretty sure that’s not what Galileo was all about,” Draco pointed out, “Wasn’t it some guy in a ship who worked out how to do that? Marco Polo or something?”

 

“Don’t even talk to me about Marco Polo, he was an arsehole,” Theo said, “Galileo is my man, and we are most definitely somewhere on the West Highland Way.”

 

“What makes you so sure about that?” Draco asked.

 

“That sign over there,” Theo said, pointing behind Draco’s head, “The one that says, You are here on the West Highland Way.”

 

Draco spun around to look at the sign and groaned, “You didn’t navigate anything by the fucking sun, did you?”

 

“No, I didn’t, I love you, man, but you are such a Hufflepuff sometimes,” Theo chuckled as he whacked Draco on the back.

 

Draco shook his head irritably, “I’ll tell Susan you said that. She’ll have your balls, and you know it.”

 

Theo shuddered, “That I do, anyway, we know where we are so what now?”

 

“Walk to Hogwarts?”

 

“I’m just guessing here, but I’m pretty sure that would be classed as cheating,” Theo pointed out matter of factly.

 

“Yeah probably,” Draco sighed, “Let’s find somewhere to pitch this tent and work the rest out from there.”

 

“What’s a good place to pitch a tent?” Theo asked.

 

“Well not a mountain for a start,” Draco said as he shot Theo an amused look, “Let’s look for a clearing in that wooded area over there. That way if it rains we’ll be sheltered from the worst of the weather.”

 

“It’s August,” Theo reminded him.

 

“And we’re in Scotland, so that means nothing,” Draco remarked, “Plus, there probably won’t be Muggles in the woods, they’ll be using the designated camping spots.”

 

“Alright, I can get on board with this plan. Let’s go,” Theo chirped.

 

Draco shook his head at his friend as he walked towards the wooded area, whistling as he went.

 

 

The Forest of Dean, England.

 

“Neville…I know where we are.”

 

Neville frowned at his best friend, “Why do you say that like it’s a bad thing?”

 

Harry sighed, “Because we’re in the Forest of Dean.”

 

Neville looked at Harry blankly, “And?”

 

“The Forest of Dean,” Harry said slowly, “You know, it’s a forest in the South of England.”

 

“Yeah, I know where the Forest of Dean is,” Neville said, “I just don’t know why you’re acting so weird. This is fine; there are trees which means we have firewood; there will be animals that we can hunt, edible plants that we can harvest. There won’t be many Muggles, and there will be plenty of clearings to camp in.”

 

“Yes,” Harry said, “There are plenty of clearings to camp in, I would know because Hermione and I camped here for a couple of months after Ron left us.”

 

Realisation dawned on Neville’s face, “Oh…oh….OH! This is where you…you two…”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said quickly, “This is where it happened.”

 

“Right,” Neville said slowly as he tried to work out whether he should make a joke about the situation or whether he should tell Harry just to man up. In the end, he said, “Well, in that case, I better make sure I don’t make any mushroom soup. Otherwise, you might jump my bones.”

 

Harry didn’t expect to laugh at that, but it just sort of slipped out. He laughed loudly and heartily, for a moment he thought that he sounded like Sirius.

 

“Sorry Nev, I didn’t mean to be a downer about it,” Harry said as he looked around at the trees, “It was just…it was a hard time for me, so it feels strange being back here again.”

 

Neville nodded as he pulled the tent out of the bag Sheppard had given them, “Erecto.”

 

As the tent began to put itself up, Neville asked, “Do you want to talk about it?”

 

Harry swithered over the question, “I didn’t talk about it to anyone for a long time. I told Daphne obviously, but I told her what she needed to know and nothing else.”

 

“Not talking about something like that is a bad idea,” Neville said as he watched the tent erect itself.

 

“Hermione and I talked about it,” Harry admitted, “That summer after the war? You know the one when I was a dick and missed your birthday party cause I was too busy brooding?”

 

Neville chuckled, “I wasn’t expecting you to be there,” he admitted. The tent pinged into position, and Neville crawled inside to inspect it. Harry followed him in, and as they looked around the tiny tent that would be home for the next two weeks, they continued their conversation.

 

“Top or bottom bunk?” Neville asked.

 

The tent wasn’t like the one that Harry had used during the war. It was just one room with bunk beds against one wall and a small seating area, that contained no seats. If they wanted to cook, they would have to do it outside on an open fire.

 

“Top,” Harry replied, “Hermione always slept on the bottom bunk during the war…or she did when Ron left anyway.”

 

“Until you ended up sleeping in the bottom bunk together,” Neville said, “When you and Hermione talked about it, you know after the war? Did it bring back any feelings?”

 

“I don’t think the feelings ever went away, to be honest,” Harry said, “I loved her, and she loved me. But it wasn’t love like it should be, you know? It was twisted by circumstance.”

 

“Yeah, I do get that,” Neville said with a frown, “Susan and I had a thing like that. It was why we could never have gotten together after what happened with Hannah.”

 

Harry nodded, “When you see someone at their worst like that…in their darkest place…”

 

“It's hard to go back,” Neville finished.

 

“Yeah,” Harry sighed, “I thought we might get together, but then the final battle happened, and after it, I was just so numb. Every time I looked at her, I felt guilty because I…I took something from her, you know? And I beat myself up for that. We managed to salvage our friendship though, and I always thought she would be my best friend forever, but she isn’t.”

 

Neville looked up in surprise, “She isn’t?”

 

Harry shook his head, “You are, Nev. You’re the one I want to talk to about shit like this, and you’re the one I want to have my back when I’m out in the field. You’re the one I want to have mock duels with when I’m stressed and you’re the only one I trust with my life. You’re the guy I want standing by my side when I marry Daphne. Not Ron, not Hermione…you.”

 

Neville frowned down at the ground, “I’m your best friend?”

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah. It’s not the first time I’ve referred to you as my best friend. Why are you so surprised?”

 

“I always thought you meant that I was one of your best friends,” Neville admitted, “Cause for a long time Lilly was my best friend, and nobody noticed it because nobody noticed me. I always just hung around with whoever would put up with me. Sometimes it was Seamus and Dean, but they used to talk about me behind my back and Hermione was nice to me, but she always kept me at arm's length…I used to have a crush on her too, you know.”

 

“Sorry,” Harry said sheepishly, “If I’d known that I wouldn’t have told you that story.”

 

Neville shrugged, “That’s just it though, isn’t it? We both had a crush on Hermione at school, but she only ever smiled at me and called me cute in a kind of condescending way, it was you she slept with because it was always you. Either one of us could have been the boy who lived, but Voldemort chose you, Ginny chose you, Hermione chose you. Notice a recurring theme there?”

 

“Nah,” Harry said with a shake of his head, “I’m not going to let you go down this whole self-deprecating route. Ginny didn’t choose me; she chose you. We had this unspoken agreement to wait for each other, but she didn’t know that I’d slept with Hermione. She slept with you; she chose you.”

 

“But you said-”

 

“That I was fine with it?” Harry countered, “Yeah, I am fine with it, but the point is that she chose you. Hannah chose you, Lilly chose you. People choose you because you deserve their love. You didn’t just become my best friend by chance, Nev. I chose you.”

 

“Careful,” Neville joked, “You’re starting to sound like Draco.”

 

“Yeah well, maybe that’s not such a bad thing,” Harry shrugged.

 

Neville frowned, “What do you mean?”

 

“I mean I’m finally starting to understand Draco and Theo’s relationship,” Harry said honestly.

 

“Oh fuck,” Neville joked.

 

Harry smiled slightly, “I get it now. Draco loves Theo, but they aren’t into each other sexually. It’s a relationship, Nev. An unconventional sexless, polyamorous one but a relationship all the same.”

 

“You’ve been talking to too many portraits,” Neville chuckled, but he kept his eyes on Harrys’ all the same.

 

“Draco needs Theo; he doesn’t know what he would do without him. Theo is the person he wants to go to when something bad happens. Theo is the person who he has always been able to rely on and will always be able to rely on. He’s the only person who can bring Draco back when he’s on the brink of destruction, when he’s on the verge darkness, when he’s about to lose himself,” Harry said quietly, “And that’s how I feel about you, Nev.”

 

Neville nodded, “Yeah,” he said in a resigned tone of voice, “That’s how I feel about you too. You bring me back when things are getting on top of me. You’re always there, even when you’re going through your own shit, you’d drop everything for me, and I’d drop everything for you.”

 

Harry cocked his head at Neville, “So I’m sorry for not seeing it sooner. I’m sorry for being the dick that only spoke to you when his other friends had fallen out with him. I’m sorry for treating you like you were second-best and taking too long to realise how fucking brilliant you are.”

 

Neville snorted.

 

“I mean it,” Harry said firmly, “It took me a while to realise that Ron wasn’t who I thought he was. I thought he was brave underneath the cluelessness. I thought he would fight for what he believed in, but he wasn’t that guy, Nev. You were.”

 

“What are you saying?”

 

“I’m saying that I made some mistakes when we were at Hogwarts,” Harry replied, “But now that I’ve grown up and worked everything out, it’s you I want as my Auror partner, it’s you I trust with my life, not Ron. You aren’t second-best Nev; you aren’t just a back-up Ron. That’s what I’m trying to tell you.”

 

Neville smiled slightly, and Harry was sure that he could see his friend holding himself up a little straighter, “If I’m being honest Harry, that’s all I’ve ever wanted to hear from you.”

 

Harry grinned and clapped him on the shoulder, “So, what’s our plan of action then?”

 

 

Inverarnan, Scotland.

 

“See? It really wasn’t that hard.”

 

“You used magic,” Theo pointed out as he lay on the bottom bunk bed in the tent, “It would have been more of a challenge if you hadn’t been allowed to use magic.”

 

“Why do I get the feeling you’re going to be really unhelpful over the next two weeks?” Draco asked.

 

“I’m helpful. I mean…I can cook.”

 

“Do you know a poisonous berry from an edible one?”

 

“Uh…no.”

 

Draco shook his head with some sort of fond amusement, “Do you have the faintest idea how to hunt?”

 

“Yes, I do actually,” Theo said, “But this is the Cairngorms so we can’t hunt.”

 

“Bugger,” Draco muttered, “Protected area…how are we going to eat?”

 

“Live on plants like a rabbit?” Theo suggested.

 

“No, there must be another way…” Draco said with a frown, “What would Hermione do in this situation…transfigure something into food?”

 

“Nope, Gamps Law, no can do,” Theo said, “Hey, I hear Harry says she makes a mean mushroom soup.”

 

Draco let his hand drop down the side of the bed so that he could hit Theo, “Shut up, I don’t want to think about that. I don’t ever want to think about him and Hermione you know…together, alright?”

 

“No offence Draco but this seems like a pretty sore spot for you,” Theo mused.

 

“Uh yeah, it is,” Draco said irritably, “I hated him at the time, and he was sleeping with the girl I had admired for years, and now he’s one of my best friends, so I don’t want to talk about it.”

 

“Right, but the thing is,” Theo said as he stood up so that he could look at Draco, “You had a crush on Hermione then you started dating Daphne because it was what your parents wanted and yeah, you loved her in a schoolboy kind of way.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes.

 

“Then you became a Death Eater, Daphne broke up with you, and you were with Pansy,” Theo said calmly, “And you were in love with Pansy. You were stupidly in love with Pansy, and you were fucking her right underneath my bunk bed actually.”

 

“What’s your point?”

 

“You can’t be pissed off at her for fucking Harry, who she loved,” Theo remarked, “When you were doing the exact same thing. Let’s face it, if Pansy hadn’t died, you two would be married with a kid right now, and Hermione would probably be dating Harry.”

 

“Wow, Theo,” Draco hissed, “Don’t hold back.”

 

“I’m not going to hold back,” Theo said firmly, “You can’t have stupid hang-ups like this for the rest of your life because if you do, you’re going to end up as a bitter, twisted old man like your dad.”

 

“You better not be saying I’m anything like that man!”

 

“I’m not!” Theo snapped, “But you need to stop holding onto the past. What you did in the war, and what she did in the war? It’s irrelevant, Draco. Hermione loves you now; what happened with Harry doesn’t matter. If you gave her the option to go back and not sleep with Harry, she’d probably say yes. Just like you would say yes if you were given the opportunity to go back and not take the mark. You both have things in your past that you would change if you could, but you can’t.”

 

Draco looked up and caught Theo’s eye.

 

“Holding onto that stuff is just going to make you bitter,” Theo said softly, “And you’re not bitter, Draco. You’re not like your dad because you have so much compassion, even for people who don’t deserve it.”

 

“I don’t have compassion,” Draco sighed, “Don’t talk about me like I’m a hero or something. I walked out on you during the war because of Pansy and it…it wasn’t even because I loved her more than you, it wasn’t that.”

 

“It was because she was pregnant with your baby, and your father never protected you,” Theo said.

 

Draco looked up sharply, “How did you…”

 

“I know pretty much everything about you, Draco,” Theo said, “Even the stuff you haven’t worked out yet. The minute you broke down to me about Pansy being pregnant, I knew if push came to shove you’d chose her over me. It hurt, I mean of course it fucking hurt, that’s why I avoided you for a while after the war, but in the end, I couldn’t condemn you for that because if I had been in your shoes, I’d have done the same thing.”

 

“I feel guilty all of the time, Theo,” Draco said quietly, “I lied to myself. I spent weeks grieving like Pansy had been the love of my life, and now everyone thinks she was and…I did love her, but truth be told, I think I loved Daphne more. It just…I couldn’t tell everyone else that it wasn’t Pansy I was grieving for. It was that baby that we lost…it was a ray of hope on the horizon, you know? A future that I thought would make me better because there were so many days when all I could see was darkness and,” he cut himself off and tried to hold it together, “I still feel like that Theo. I feel like I’m constantly on the verge of darkness, like my life is a scale and I’m terrified that the smallest thing is going to tip it in that direction and that terrifies me.”

 

“In that case, you need to let it all go,” Theo said. He sat down on the edge of Draco’s bed and grabbed his hand, “And you need to tell Hermione the truth. She can handle it, you’re just scared of her reaction, but she can take more than you think she can. She’s okay with us, isn't she? And we knew Sadie would understand, but there was no guarantee that Hermione would.”

 

Draco just nodded.

 

“One day, you and Hermione are going to have little curly-haired blonde babies of your own,” Theo continued, “And you’re going to be a great Dad, Draco. You’re going to do all of the things that your father never did for you. You’ll be there cheering them on when they think they are hotshots at Mini Quidditch, even though they are only a foot off the ground.”

 

Draco laughed tearfully and leant into Theo’s embrace.

 

“You’ll be there to scare away the monsters under the bed, and you’ll be there to pick up the pieces when they get their hearts broken. You’ll be there to walk your daughter down the aisle, and you’ll tell them that you love them. You’ll make sure that they grew up knowing what those words mean,” Theo said, wrapping his arms around Draco as she spoke, “Because we’re not going to let history repeat itself. We’re going to dote on our kids, and we’re going to be the best Dads that we can be, we’re going to give our kids everything we never had.”

 

Draco couldn’t speak, he was choked with tears.

 

“We can’t change the past, Draco,” Theo murmured, “You can’t get that kid back that you lost with Pansy. But the past has changed us, and we’re with the right people now. When we have kids, we’re going to right the wrongs our fathers made. And we’re going to do that together. I’ll always be there; you know that? It doesn’t matter what you do or say to me; I’ll always forgive you because you’re my best friend and I love you. That’s unconditional, and I don’t just feel like that because we grew up together. I feel like that because you’re a good person. I’ve always been able to see it, even when you can’t and now Hermione can too. Between the two of us, we’re going to keep you on the straight and narrow.”

 

Draco hugged Theo tightly, “I love you too, Theo.”

 

“That’s all I get after that epic speech? I love you too, Theo? That’s like me saying I love you and you come back with I know,” Theo joked with a shake of his head, “Just go the full fucking Hans Solo on me why don’t you?”

 

“Fuck you,” Draco laughed, although tears were still streaming down his cheeks.

 

“Nah, not into blokes, remember? I know it’s gonna be a long two weeks, but I don’t think I’m gonna get that desperate,” Theo said, smirking at Draco in amusement, “I mean I know Hermione, and I are cousins and all, but-”

 

“Shut up,” Draco said through his laughter, “Just don’t make me any mushroom soup, and we’ll be alright.”

 

Theo grinned, “See? Now we’re joking about Harry and Hermione shagging during the war! That’s good; it means we got past your internal demons!”

 

“Since when were you a psychologist?”

 

“Since I got bored the summer after the war and took a night class,” Theo said with a wink, “And if it makes you feel at all better, Hermione said Harry was a shit shag.”

 

“She didn’t say that,” Draco snorted, “She doesn’t talk to you about stuff like that.”

 

“No, but ever since our little four-way after graduation, haven’t you noticed that Sadie and Hermione spend more time together? All that drinking wine together while we duel or hang out in my man cave? What do you think they talk about?”

 

“That Harry Potter is shit in the bedroom, apparently,” Draco said, wiping his eyes with his sleeve and looking at Theo with an amused smile.

 

“Yep, inexperienced and sloppy were the words she used,” Theo said with a grin, “Wanna know what she said about the first time you shagged? After you withheld for weeks because you thought she actually gave a shit about the snake on your arm that is?”

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at him, “What did she say?”

 

“Mindblowingly good sex,” Theo said with a grin, “So there you go. Harry Potter is shit in the sack, and he’s shagging your sloppy seconds. Therefore, you’re the man.”

 

Draco let out a hearty, genuine laugh, “I love you, Theo.”

 

Theo smirked, “I know.”

 

“Now whos going the full Hans Solo?”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


Cairo, Egypt.

 

She had been here for a couple of days now, and it was safe to say, Sadie hated Egypt. The food was spicy, and it made her stomach churn, she had hardly eaten since she got here. The Centre for Alchemical Studies was the most hideous and garish place that she had ever had the misfortune to stay in.

 

Then there were the people, Merlin, the people she had to study with.

 

“Good morning Sadie!” Myla said in a high-pitched tone of voice as she skipped alongside Sadie, “Isn’t it a lovely morning to be studying famous alchemists?”

 

“It’s 6 am,” Sadie said dryly without opening her eyes or drawing the curtain around her bed back.

 

“I know, don’t you just love to be up bright and early?” Myla asked cheerfully.

 

“No,” Sadie mumbled, “I like to sleep.”

 

“What was that?”

 

“Nothing,” Sadie sighed.

 

“Oh good morning Myla!” Priscilla said in just as high and irritating a tone of voice, “Famous philosophers class today! Don’t you think that will be odd for Brucey? We will be studying his father!”

 

Sadie rolled her eyes; their classes didn’t start until 8 am so there really was no reason to be up screeching at this time of the morning.

 

“Oh, that will be weird!” Myla agreed, “He’s just gorgeous, isn’t he?”

 

Priscilla sighed, “Completely, and that accent. Don’t you just love it, Sadie?”

 

“I prefer an English accent actually,” Sadie said dryly, she had completely lost her happy go lucky attitude since arriving in Egypt, “I’m quite partial to a West Country twang.”

 

“Sadie,” Priscilla sighed, “You can’t just say that because your husband is from Somerset!”

 

“Yes, I can,” Sadie said as she held two fingers to her head, “I like Theo’s accent, I don’t like Bruce’s accent. Frankly, I think it’s quite whiny and irritating actually.”

 

Priscilla tutted, “Unbelievable.”

 

“Unbelievable,” Myla reiterated, “Shall we go and study together in the cafeteria before class?”

 

“Oh, yes, lets!”

 

The door shut behind them and Sadie sunk further down into her bed, “Thank Merlin for that,” she mumbled to herself. She was sure she heard Arielle chuckle from the bed next to hers, it turned out that the French girl was one of the more decent people here. She was a little shy but not as irritating as Myla and Priscilla.

 

 

London, England.

 

“I am so bored!”

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at Daphne, “You’ve been in the job for how long?”

 

“Two and a half days,” Daphne said, “And yesterday was the first day on the job, the first day was all about paperwork.”

 

“Yeah mine too,” Hermione said as they ate lunch together in a small café just outside Diagon Alley, “Although it’s not a good sign if you’re bored already.”

 

“I’m only bored because they chuck the trainees in this cursed room,” Daphne said with a wave of her hand, “It’s basically-”

 

“A room full of all the cursed objects found in vaults when a family has died with no heir,” Hermione said quickly, “I always thought there would be fascinating things in there! Are they fascinating?”

 

“Nope, shitty old trophies and cheap arse jewellery with curses on it to make it appear more expensive,” Daphne said with a roll of her eyes, “The curses are all so easy to break, it’s so boring Hermione! Bill said he reckoned we should be getting through about 8 to 10 cursed objects a day; I cleared 21 yesterday.”

 

Hermione snorted, “Yeah, I understand why you’re getting bored. If it makes you feel any better, I feel the same. I get posted to different departments so that they can assess my ability, but they started me off in the admin office. Do you know how boring and soul-destroying it is to sit at a desk for 8 hours writing document after document?”

 

“Probably equal with using the same curse-breaking method on one piece of shitty jewellery after another,” Daphne said dryly, “Ugh, I miss Harry! And I miss you and Draco; you did my head in when you lived there because you kept cock-blocking us, but now the house feels empty and lonely.”

 

“Little bit too much information there, Daph,” Hermione said with a slight smile, “But I appreciate the sentiment.”

 

“Do you want to come over for like a week-long sleepover?” Daphne asked as she gave Hermione the puppy dog eyes.

 

“That might work on Harry…and Draco….and probably Sadie,” Hermione said in amusement, “But it won’t work on me. You are not dragging me away from my library for anything, sorry.”

 

“Well, then I can come for a sleepover at your house!” Daphne suggested eagerly.

 

“Daph, traditionally you’re supposed to wait for someone to invite you,” Hermione said as she tried to hide an amused smile.

 

“I know but Hermione, I’m lonely,” Daphne said, “And I’m…I’m not sleeping so well with Harry being away.”

 

Hermione’s eyes softened, “Yeah, I can sympathise on that one. I don’t sleep great without Draco either.”

 

“Does that mean I can stay?”

 

“Of course you can,” Hermione said with a smile, “But as soon as the boys come home, I’m kicking you out.”

 

“Fair deal,” Daphne grinned, “I’ll bring my things over tonight; you’re the best Hermione!”

 

Hermione shot Daphne a smile as she got to her feet, “Yeah, I know. See you tonight.”

 

 

Amiens, France.

 

“Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Walk past me as many times as you want Marcel, but you will never be anything but irritating.”

 

Marcel smiled, “Ah, so you say! Can I sit next to you? Since we are partners, after all.”

 

“We aren’t partners,” Lilly pointed out, “We’re just both assigned to Healer Selwyn.”

 

Before Marcel could say anything else, a Senior Healer walked into the lecture hall and began to talk about the different ways of magically sealing wounds.

 

 

The Forest of Dean, England.

 

“Harry, just kill the deer!”

 

“I can’t! It reminds me of my mother!”

 

“It’s a deer!” Neville said in exasperation, “Do you want to eat or not?”

 

“I can’t kill it,” Harry said with a shake of his head, “It would be like killing my mother, I can’t do it, Neville.”

 

“Oh for the love of Merlin,” Neville said, he raised his wand.

 

“No! You can’t kill it!”

 

“Harry, it’s a bloody deer!”

 

“You don’t understand Neville!”

 

“Great,” Neville muttered, “You scared it away, now what are we going to eat?”

 

“Can’t we just apparate to the edge of the forest, nip into the nearest town and buy rations?” Harry asked as he sat down on a tree trunk.

 

“I’m pretty sure apparating would count as cheating,” Neville said irritably, “So it’s going to be another night of thistle soup.”

 

Harry sighed, “I’m sorry but I just can’t…it was a doe, Neville. My mother’s Patronus was a doe, and she came to me during the war.”

 

“What?”

 

“Well technically, Snape helped me and his Patronus was a doe because he loved my mother,” Harry admitted, “But that doesn’t change the significance of the occasion.”

 

“We’re going to starve because Snape sent you his Patronus during the war and you thought it was a sign from above? Seriously?”

 

“Merlin Neville, you’re grumpy when you’re hungry,” Harry said irritably, “It’s like being on the run with Ron.”

 

Neville glared at him, “Yes, I’m hungry, and you are acting like a sensitive little girl. If you can’t kill a deer, how are you going to kill a bad guy in a duel if it needs to happen?”

 

“That’s different,” Harry argued, “In the heat of battle it’s different. I’m sorry I couldn’t kill the deer, but I have very little to remind me of my mother, and a doe always makes me think of her.”

 

“I know, I’m sorry,” Neville sighed, “I’m just a bastard when I’m hungry, and I am fucking sick of thistle soup.”

 

“I’m sorry Nev, I’ll go and check if my trap caught any rabbits,” Harry said as he shot his friend an apologetic look.

 

 

Tyndrum, Scotland.

 

Draco and Theo awoke to the sound of a soft banging outside their tent.

 

“What’s that?” Draco asked in a panicked whisper.

 

Theo’s eyes widened, “Shit! Did we put up Muggle repelling charms?”

 

Draco frowned, “I thought you did it.”

 

“I thought you did it!” Theo exclaimed.

 

“Bugger,” The two men muttered at the same time.

 

“What now?” Theo asked as he glanced at the flap of the tent.

 

Draco sighed, “Go out there and distract them. I’ll work something out.”

 

“Distract them how?”

 

“I don’t know, just distract them!” Draco said as he pushed Theo towards the flap of the tent.

 

Theo glared at his friend one last time then he unzipped the flap of the tent and stepped outside. He kept his hand close to his back pocket in case he needed his wand for whatever reason, but he wasn’t met with a particularly sinister sight. It was just a couple of Muggle tourists pitching their tent.

 

“Oh, good morning!” The woman said brightly, she had some sort of accent, but Theo couldn’t work out where she was from. It was either South Africa or Australia.

 

Theo smiled at her a little nervously, “Good morning.”

 

“How long have you been camping here for?”

 

“A couple of days,” Theo said with a nod.

 

“We’re just stopping here for today then making our way further up,” The woman said, “It’s just so beautiful here, isn’t it? I can feel the magic.”

 

“Oh…uh…really?” Theo asked as he began to panic, “I suppose it is a…uh…a lovely place. Don’t you think Draco?” he called into the tent.

 

“Draco?” The man who was with the woman said, “That’s an unusual name.”

 

“Yeah my family have an obsession with the stars,” Draco said as he emerged from the tent, “Have you introduced yourself, Theo?”

 

Theo shook his head, “No, I’m Theo, that’s Draco.”

 

“I’m Elsie, and this is my husband Rod,” The woman said with a smile, “I was just saying, you can really feel the magic here, can’t you?”

 

“Uh, magic?” Draco asked with a frown, “No, no, definitely no magic here.”

 

Elsie frowned at Draco after that comment, “So…uh…what brings the two of you out here anyway?”

 

“We’re on holiday,” Theo said quickly, the strange look that Elsie had just given them combined with the fact that she was questioning their reason for being here made him panic, “Aren’t we honey?”

 

Draco shot his friend a brief look of horror before regaining his composure, “Uh yeah…we always wanted to walk the West Highland Way.”

 

“Oh, that’s what we’re doing too!” Rod said eagerly, “You guys should do it with us, we can use the same camp spots.”

 

“We like discreet camp spots, we try and avoid the sites,” Draco said.

 

Theo nodded, “Why stay in crowded places when we can surround ourselves with this beauty, right?”

 

Elsie beamed, “Exactly, wow you guys are just like us. It’s so progressive to see a gay couple just so open like you. You must be very brave.”

 

“Yeah, that’s us,” Theo said, “We’re brave guys.”

 

Elsie smiled at him, “We were just going to fry up some breakfast. Do you want some?”

 

“Oh, breakfast sounds great, we’re actually running a bit low on rations,” Draco said with his best polite smile.

 

“We’re always happy to share with our fellow campers,” Rod chirped, “Come on over and have a seat. We’ll just nip in and grab the gas fire.”

 

The couple disappeared inside their tent, and Draco turned on Theo, “Honey?” he hissed.

 

“I panicked!” Theo whispered.

 

“Well, now they think we’re gay!”

 

“Yes, but they are also going to feed us,” Theo muttered.

 

Draco paused, “Are you suggesting we pretend to be gay for the next two weeks for free food?”

 

Theo frowned slightly, “Yeah, I think I am.”

 

“That’s the worst idea you have ever had,” Draco whispered.

 

“Are you a Slytherin or not, Draco?”

 

“There’s being Slytherin, and there’s being Slytherin. This is just being stupid, we could never pull it off,” Draco said.

 

“Yes, we could, we know everything about each other,” Theo whispered as they heard movement inside the tent, “Come on, Draco, trust me.”

 

Draco glared at him, “If this doesn’t work, I will kill you.”

 

Theo grinned at that, “No, you don’t, you love me too much darling.”

 

Draco’s glare just intensified upon that comment.

 

“Here we go! Let’s light this and have some breakfast!”

 

 

London, England.

 

“I’m worried.”

 

“About Draco?” Daphne asked as she looked up from the book that she was reading. The two of them had spent the last few hours sitting on the roof terrace together underneath a blanket. They had been immersing themselves in muggle literature as the sunset over London.

 

“About Theo,” Hermione admitted, “I mean I know that Draco is fairly competent, but he’s responsible for Theo now too. He’s far more likely to get himself killed trying to keep Theo alive than he is trying to keep himself alive.”

 

“I wouldn’t worry too much, Hermione,” Daphne said, “Theo isn’t as bad as you think he is. He lets us all believe that he’s useless, but he’s pretty competent, he’ll have Draco’s back.”

 

“I know,” Hermione said with a slight smile, “He plays the fool, but he could rival me as far as intelligence goes. I would never tell either of them this, but he’s probably smarter than Draco.”

 

Daphne smiled, “He probably is,” she agreed as she leant into Hermione and rested her head on the Gryffindor girls shoulder.

 

“This is nice,” Hermione mused.

 

“Yeah,” Daphne agreed, “And I’m glad this week has turned out like this, you know?”

 

“Me too,” Hermione admitted, “I thought you’d be lost without Sadie.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “No, Sadie and I have always been close, but Tracey was my best friend. Sadie hung out with us sometimes, but then other times she would be in the library with you or Lilly. It’s why she can relate to Neville so much, she never really had a best friend. She had me, but I had Tracey. She had Theo, but he had Draco. You know?”

 

“Yeah,” Hermione said softly, “I can understand that.”

 

“That’s why I’m glad that it’s worked out this way, with Sadie being in Egypt and Lilly in France,” Daphne continued, “Because we were getting pretty close at school and then when you lived at the manor and I thought…well, I kind of thought once you moved in here we’d drift apart. I thought it would be you and Sadie, and me and Lilly because of our inseparable other halves.”

 

Hermione laughed, “I wouldn’t class any of you as my best friend; I love you all. It’s different with Sadie and I, undoubtedly, I mean it has to be with the situation as it is.”

 

“Yeah…what is going on with you guys, exactly?” Daphne asked curiously.

 

“Well we basically all live in one massive house now,” Hermione said with an amused smile, “Although Sadie doesn’t know that yet. Draco and Theo built a door in the basement between the two houses.”

 

“A warded door?” Daphne asked.

 

“No, just a regular door,” Hermione said, “One I’ve been using all week to feed Sadie’s cat and check up on their house-elf.”

 

“So basically you’re just one big, happy, pureblood family?” Daphne asked with an amused grin.

 

“I guess so,” Hermione answered.

 

“And how are you so okay with that, exactly?” Daphne questioned.

 

“Because in a way, I’m used to it,” Hermione replied, “I’ve always been part of a threesome, you know? It’s just that I’ve changed Ron and Harry for their Slytherin counterparts and now I have Sadie which means I get some intelligent company.”

 

“And you're engaged to one, and the cousin of the other,” Daphne said with a chuckle, “I mean I get the whole, being part of a trio helps you understand thing. But still…I don’t know if I could do it, but you’re so calm about the whole thing.”

 

“At the end of the day, I love Draco, and I knew from an early point in our relationship that he and Theo were a package deal,” Hermione said honestly, “The war taught me to be more open-minded. People died because of things that they couldn’t change, because of the way they were born, their blood. We survived that and the world we forge shouldn’t be one where people are punished for their feelings or beliefs.”

 

“Well, the war certainly did change you,” Daphne said with a smile, “How intimate is this four-way then?”

 

“It’s not, apart from the one time it was,” Hermione said sheepishly, “Mostly, Sadie and I just sit up here and drink wine together while those two are off duelling or scheming. Actually, the first time we talked about it, we were up here…”

 

“So what, Sadie’s your girlfriend? Draco’s your fiancé and Theo is his boyfriend?”

 

“Shut up, Daph,” Hermione snorted, “If history repeats itself, you’ll end up in the exact same situation.”

 

“If history repeats itself?” Daphne asked, raising an eyebrow at her friend.

 

“I’ve learned about pureblood family history since Abraxas and Elladora moved into our hall,” Hermione said with a chuckle, “Elladora loves to talk, and gossip more to the point. Did you know that Elladora Potter, Abraxas Malfoy, Thaddeus Nott and Gertrude Longbottom had a very similar relationship to ours?”

 

“Oh shit,” Daphne muttered, “It’s in their DNA, we’re screwed.”

 

Hermione chuckled and cast a warming charm as it began to get a little chilly now that the sun had set.

 

“You know, going back to our original topic of conversation…sometimes I worry about Harry too. I know he’s the chosen one and he defeated Voldemort, but he’s not super-human, Hermione.”

 

“I know he isn’t, but you don’t need to worry about him,” Hermione said gently, “Not with something like this anyway. It’s about survival, and Harry copes with that well.”

 

“Sometimes I wish Harry and I had the same relationship that you and Harry have, the two of you just know each other so well,” Daphne said.

 

Guilt flitted through Hermione’s eyes briefly, but she glanced down before Daphne could notice, “Trust me, you don’t what the kind of relationship that Harry and I have had. So much of it has just been dictated by the need for survival and the effect that has on you…it’s not good, it’s not healthy.”

 

Daphne frowned, “Hermione, you both did what you had to do to survive during the war. We all did, in our own way. You shouldn’t feel guilty about having to do things you regret.”

 

“That’s not what I mean Daphne,” Hermione said as she caught Daphne’s eye, “I’m talking about everything that happened between Harry and I when Ron was gone.”

 

“You were in the heat of battle, you thought you were going to die,” Daphne said, “I understand how that could heighten emotions. You forget that I fought in that war too, and I know what happens when emotions are heightened. I made mistakes with Blaise.”

 

Hermione frowned, “How much has Harry told you, about what happened?”

 

“He told me that he nearly died after being bitten by a snake,” Daphne began, “You were worried sick and when he woke up, things were tense. You danced one night, and one thing led to another. He never went into detail. Why?”

 

Hermione bit her lip, “Because it wasn’t like it is with you and Harry. Do you know what you said to me when you were worried about how much Harry was drinking? About how he was a bit more aggressive in the bedroom?”

 

Daphne frowned, “Yeah?”

 

“That’s what he does when he’s stressed,” Hermione said carefully, “And he was stressed during the war when he and I were together.”

 

“Are you saying…” Daphne trailed off.

 

“I’m saying that how he is with you when he’s stressed…that’s how he was with me, all of the time,” Hermione said, eyeing Daphne anxiously as she waited to see how she would react to this news.

 

“Wow,” Daphne uttered after a moment, “So he just fucking used you?”

 

“We used each other, don’t paint me as the victim,” Hermione said carefully, “But it wasn’t loving and tender. We weren’t in a relationship like that.”

 

“Yes but that’s just…” Daphne sighed, “I can understand why he feels so much regret about it now. He was the first guy you slept with and he just…”

 

“The first time wasn’t so bad,” Hermione said honestly, “He gave me plenty of options to back out, and I didn’t. We’re both at fault, Daphne. But I just wanted to make it clear; you don’t want the kind of relationship that we had. You’ve got the good Harry, the Harry that I would have wanted if we had had a relationship, but there was no way that we could have after that.”

 

“He might be the good Harry,” Daphne agreed, “But he’s still broken. He’s wracked with regret and guilt. I spend most of my nights soothing him back to sleep from the nightmares. He saved everyone, but he paid the price for that.”

 

“Yes, he did pay the price,” Hermione agreed, “But he also got you, and I know from the way he talks about you, that for you he would pay that price over and over again. He loves you and respects you; he adores you, Daphne.”

 

“At the end of the day, it was always going to be complicated,” Daphne said with a slight smile, “You’re one of my best friends, and you’re engaged to my first love. Then there’s the fact that I’m engaged to yours.”

 

“And I’m fine with that,” Hermione said with a smile, “Because you took the broken Harry that I knew and made him whole again.”

 

“And you took the shell that was Draco after Pansy’s death and brought him back to life again,” Daphne said, grabbing Hermione’s hand.

 

“Everyone ended up happy in the end,” Hermione said with a smile, “Just like in a Walt Disney story.”

 

“Speaking of which, can we talk about how utterly unrealistic Pocahontas was?”

 

Hermione laughed and said, “Yes! Totally historically inaccurate…”

 

 

Cairo, Egypt.

 

Sadie had been at the centre for just short of a week when she began to long for home. She had been eating nothing apart from cereal for breakfast and a sandwich for lunch, some days she couldn’t even keep the sandwich down. The Egyptian food had played havoc with her stomach, and the heat made her feel sick pretty much constantly. The other girls that she shared a dormitory with didn’t feel the heat the same way, Priscilla and Arielle had both lived in France and Myla was from a part of America that got hot in the summer. As a result, nobody let her open the window in the dorm room at night, so she wasn’t sleeping much either.

 

“Do you feel okay, Sadie?” Arielle asked one night as Sadie hung over the balcony attached to the common room.

 

“I just feel so hot all of the time,” Sadie sighed, “And there’s hardly even a breeze at 8 pm!”

 

“It’s Egypt in August,” Arielle said by way of explanation, “You look awfully pale.”

 

“I haven’t been that well since I got here,” Sadie admitted, “I think it’s just a combination of the Egyptian food and the heat.”

 

“The climate doesn’t agree with everyone,” Arielle said. It agreed with her, though; she had a beautiful tan. Unlike Sadie’s pale, blotchy, sunburnt skin.

 

“I’m glad I won’t be studying here all year,” Sadie sighed, “I’ll be home for a while soon.”

 

Arielle frowned, “Aren’t you staying at the centre?”

 

Sadie shook her head, “I explained that I was married and couldn’t spend an entire year away from Theo, so they gave me a place on the course but with only half of the year studying here. I spend two weeks here then two weeks at home doing self-study.”

 

“Oh,” Arielle said, “I guess that makes sense. Just try to get through the next week then, after that, you can go back to your lovely cold England.”

 

Sadie laughed at that, “I never realised how much I would miss the wind!” she joked.

 

 

Bridge of Orchy, Scotland.

 

“I don’t want to leave this tent.”

 

“Why not? I can smell Elsie’s cooking; it smells amazing.”

 

Draco glared at Theo as he pulled his t-shirt on, “Believe it or not, I’m not looking forward to another day of hiking through Scotland pretending to be your bloody boyfriend.”

 

“I think it’s worth it for the food,” Theo said with a shrug, “And at least if I’m spending the day hiking and chatting to a couple of Muggles, I’m not thinking about how much I miss Sadie.”

 

Draco resisted the urge to roll his eyes; he was surprised it had taken this long for Theo to bring up his wife, “Well, I’m sure she’s enjoying herself in Egypt.”

 

“Yeah, that’s the problem,” Theo said irritably, “I don’t want her to enjoy herself too much, you know?”

 

“She’s not going to cheat on you Theo,” Draco assured his friend, “But I wonder how she’ll feel when she finds out you’ve been cheating on her for two weeks.”

 

Theo snorted in amusement, “Nah, she’s known about that for ages. Do you remember that time before the wedding when she introduced you as my boyfriend to her parents?”

 

“Yes, didn’t she say; This is my boyfriend Theo, this Theo’s boyfriend, Draco and this is Draco’s girlfriend, Hermione?”

 

“Yeah, I’m pretty sure that was what she said,” Theo said with a chuckle, “I bet that’s why they wound us up during the selection process, Sorenson probably said something.”

 

Draco hummed thoughtfully as they left the tent, “I wonder how Hermione is getting on with her new library.”

 

“She probably hasn’t slept all week,” Theo sniggered, “We’ll get home, and she’ll have read every book.”

 

“Hermione? Don’t you boys just have some friends with unusual names?” Elsie chirped, “Breakfast?”

 

“Oh yes please, Elsie,” Theo said eagerly.

 

“So this Hermione? Are her parent's fans of Shakespeare?”

 

Draco nodded, “Her parents both love the theatre, but they didn’t have many friends who enjoyed going with them. When they went to see “A Winters Tale” they ended up sitting together, and Hermione’s dad asked her mum if he wanted to go on a date.”

 

“I never knew that about Mione,” Theo said thoughtfully, “That’s kind of a cute story.”

 

Draco smiled slightly, “For everyone except Hermione, who just has to deal with having a weird name because of her parent's love story.”

 

“You’re named after a star, your name is weirder,” Theo commented.

 

“Thanks for that, Theo,” Draco said as he raised an eyebrow at the boy.

 

Elsie chuckled, “You boys are just adorable. Do you have any other friends with strange names?”

 

“Uh…not really,” Draco said as he thought through the names of their friends, “Except Neville.”

 

“Neville? You don’t hear that one much anymore,” Rod said, “Don’t suppose he was named for the Prime Minister?”

 

“He was actually,” Theo mused, “His gran was the illegitimate daughter of Neville Chamberlain, so our friend Neville is actually named for his great grandfather.”

 

“How do you know that?” Draco asked in surprise, “I didn’t know that.”

 

Theo shrugged, “You can kind of be an asshole to Neville sometimes, he’s more my friend than yours.”

 

“Does he think I’m an asshole?”

 

“You bullied him all the way through school Draco,” Theo reminded him, “So sometimes he thinks you’re an asshole, yeah.”

 

Draco sighed, “Shit…I didn’t realise that. I should really apologise to him when we get home.”

 

Elsie smiled at them, “How many miles do you think we should cover today? Rod and I thought we should aim for the bottom of that mountain in the distance.”

 

Theo nodded, “Yeah, let’s aim for that and see how we get on.”

 

“Speaking of love stories and people’s names,” Elsie said, “How did you two meet?”

 

“Oh, we’ve known each other forever really,” Draco replied, “Our parents knew each other, so we practically grew up together.”

 

“So you were childhood sweethearts?” Elsie asked eagerly, “That’s adorable.”

 

“Yeah,” Theo said with a false smile, “Our Fathers…they led a similar lifestyle, so our families came together a lot. Draco and I became friends when we were kids, then we went to the same boarding school, and we were in the same house, so we shared a dorm for seven years.”

 

“How did you fall in love if you were friends originally?” Elsie asked curiously.

 

They hadn’t discussed a cover story, so Theo was completely winging it as he said, “Well…there was always something between us and we both knew it. But we were too scared to act on it because we didn’t want to ruin our friendship. We spent our school years trying to ignore it, you know dating other people then getting jealous and falling out? The usual kind of thing.”

 

Elsie nodded and dished out some eggs and bacon on plastic plates.

 

“Then, in our last year of school, I got fed up of pretending. We have this other friend, she’s called Daphne, and she had a crush on this guy who Draco hated through school. Daphne is one of Draco’s best friends so I figured there was no way she would get with this guy, so we made a bet,” Theo explained, “I said if Daphne ever slept with the guy she had a crush on, I would tell Draco how I felt.”

 

Elsie nodded again and leant forward; she was following the story with great interest.

 

“So I told him in the breakfast hall, and everyone made a big scene out of it,” Theo said, “We kissed, people cheered, and the rest is history.”

 

“That was bold of you,” Elsie said, “I mean we’re very open-minded people, but not everyone is so accepting.”

 

“Yes, that’s something we have to live with every day,” Draco said with a solemn nod.

 

Elsie nodded sadly and nipped inside the tent to tell Rod that breakfast was ready.

 

“You just told you and Sadie’s love story but put my name in,” Draco muttered.

 

“Best I could do on short notice,” Theo said, he waggled his eyebrows at his friend, “Would you have rather that I told them the epic tale of the Astronomy Tower? Where we declared our love for each other?”

 

Draco rolled his eyes and whacked his friend over the head, “Shut up, you arse.”

 

 

Amiens, France.

 

“Is your Dad a thief?”

 

“What?” Lilly asked Marcel with a frown as she sat on the edge of the swimming pool while waiting for their instructor.

 

“I just wondered if your Dad was a thief because someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes,” Marcel said smoothly.

 

“Marcel, do I have to spell this out for you? I. have. a. boyfriend,” Lilly said slowly, “And for your information, my dad works in musical theatre. In fact, he dresses up as a woman for a living and prances about on stage with his boyfriend.”

 

Marcel gaped at her for a moment. Then the instructor walked in and told them all to get in the pool.

 

Lilly smirked and jumped in, pleased she had managed to leave Marcel speechless even if it was brief.

 

 

The Forest of Dean, England.

 

“Thank Merlin your rabbit traps finally paid off,” Neville said as he and Harry sat in the entrance of the tent with a fire lit just outside.

 

“I know, I was so hungry,” Harry agreed, “Not that it’s a foreign feeling mind you.”

 

“Yeah, you would have gotten used to being hungry during the war I guess,” Neville said thoughtfully, “I know how you feel, it was hard to get food to the Room of Requirement and then to ration it after that. There were some weeks when we barely had enough to keep everyone going.”

 

“I wasn’t actually talking about the war,” Harry said with a faraway look in his eyes, “I was thinking about when I was kid, living with my Aunt and Uncle.”

 

Neville frowned, “Did they starve you?”

 

“No, they just didn’t feed me as often or as much as they fed themselves,” Harry admitted.

 

Neville’s frown deepened, “Harry…you’ve never actually told me about your life before Hogwarts. I mean I know you lived with your Muggle Aunt, Uncle and cousin but that’s about it.”

 

Harry sighed, “That’s because I don’t like to think about it, let alone talk about it. Everyone thinks that because I was the chosen one, I grew up with a silver spoon in my mouth, but it couldn’t be further from the truth, to be honest, Nev.”

 

“Then tell me,” Neville said gently, “Because if we’re going to work together seamlessly like they want us to, we need to know everything about each other.”

 

Harry sighed but said nothing.

 

“I mean I always thought I had a crappy childhood,” Neville said to get Harry to open up, “My Uncle thought I was a squib, so he tried to force the magic out of me by holding me out of windows and throwing me off bloody piers.”

 

“My Uncle used to try and beat the magic out of me so that I wouldn’t be a freak like my parents,” Harry said quietly, “And my Aunt used to hit me with a frying pan if I asked too many questions about what had happened to my parents. My cousin…he used to chase me to school and home from school with his gang of friends, they treated it like a sport, they called it Harry-hunting.”

 

Neville was trying to keep the horrified look off of his face, but he wasn’t sure he was doing a great job, “That’s disgusting, Harry.”

 

Harry shrugged, “It was all I knew then but looking back now, I suppose it was a form of abuse. Do you know I never had a bedroom until I was 11? Dudley had two bedrooms, one to sleep in and one to fill with all of his toys, Merlin he was a spoiled little bloody brat.”

 

“If you didn’t have a bedroom, where did you sleep?” Neville asked with a frown.

 

“The cupboard under the stairs,” Harry replied, “There wasn’t any room for a bed, so I slept on a mattress. Every time Dudley ran down the stairs, he dislodged dust and spiders onto me, the dust annoyed me because I always had a cough, but I grew to like the spiders. I used to talk to them because I didn’t have any friends at school, so I didn’t have anybody else to talk to. Everyone was too scared of Dudley to be my friend.”

 

“Fucking hell Harry,” Neville barked, “That’s bloody child abuse! Your Aunt and Uncle should have been put in jail for that!”

 

Harry shrugged, “It doesn’t matter now; it’s in the past.”

 

“Is it?” Neville asked, “Because I don’t think being locked in a cupboard, being treated like a house-elf and being beaten by your own family is the sort of thing that just disappears overnight.”

 

“I’m fine now, Nev.”

 

“What would happen if I locked you in a small space then?” Neville asked, “Would you freak out?”

 

Harry smirked at his friend, “I locked myself in a good few broom closets with Daph last year. Stop worrying Nev; I’m fine now.”

 

“I’m not talking about being locked in a broom cupboard with your girlfriend. What if we were captured and you were locked in a tiny cupboard for days?” Neville said, “Are you sure it wouldn’t get to you?”

 

“I passed all the Aurors mental tests, didn’t I?” Harry quipped, “I am past all of it so you can stop worrying, really. I’m more messed up by everything that happened with Voldemort than from what the Dursleys did.”

 

Neville knew all about Harry’s problems relating to Voldemort, so he nodded and said, “Alright,” but truthfully, he didn’t quite believe his best friend.

 

 

All that talk of the abuse Harry had gone through at the hands of his muggle family, had obviously gotten to him more than he thought because that night, he had a nightmare, a very old one.

 

He was back in the graveyard at the end of fourth year. Only this time, Cedric wasn’t with him. It was Neville whose name he screamed after the yell of, “Kill the spare!”

 

It was Neville whose body he sobbed over; it was Neville who he tried to avenge when he got his feet in a blind rage.

 

And it was Neville who was holding him tightly when he woke up with tears on his cheeks, his breath coming in gasps.

 

“It’s okay,” Neville said saying softly, “It’s okay, you’re safe, Harry. The war is over, and you’re safe.”

 

Harry gripped at Neville’s t-shirt as he tried to draw in a deep breath. The vision of that green light flying for his best friend was still burned in his brain. He shut his eyes tightly.

 

“There’s no graveyard, we’re just in a tent in the forest,” Neville murmured, “You’re safe.”

 

Harry managed to steady his breathing, but his heart was still racing. Neville had clambered up onto the top bunk to try and bring Harry out of the nightmare when he started screaming.

 

Harry breathed in shakily and rested his head on Neville’s shoulder, “That was a new take on an old classic.”

 

“You go back to the graveyard a lot, don’t you?” Neville asked.

 

Harry nodded, the tent was in complete darkness so Neville couldn’t see the tear tracks on his cheeks, “Yeah. I spent a whole summer watching Cedric die over and over again. But that was the first time I watched you die.”

 

“Me?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry sighed, “You were in Cedric’s shoes.”

 

“It wasn’t real, Harry,” Neville said, putting his arm around Harry’s shoulder, “I’m right here.”

 

Harry took a breath and nodded, “I know.”

 

“Do you want me to leave you alone so you can get back to sleep?” Neville asked.

 

“No,” Harry replied quickly, too quickly, “I mean-”

 

“It’s fine, I can stay if you want,” Neville said.

 

“I sleep better when there is someone else there,” Harry said, “Someone’s heartbeat to listen to, the rhythm lulls me to sleep, and it reminds me that I’m not alone.”

 

“I get it,” Neville said honestly. He lay down and looked up at the roof of the tent, “I spent a year sleeping in a room full of people. I mean granted, we didn’t sleep much with guard duty, but still, …it was hard to go back to sleeping alone after that.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry mused, lying down next to Neville in the small bunk, “I…I spent most of the war sleeping with Hermione and then in the summer, I slept right next to Ron’s bed, so I was never really alone.”

 

“I know. I remember what it was like after the final battle,” Neville said quietly, “It was just you and I in the Gryffindor dorm while we were fixing the castle. Every night we’d start off in our own beds, but by the morning we’d be together because someone had a nightmare and the other one had fallen asleep after talking them off the ledge.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry remembered, “We were both in dark places back then.”

 

“We were,” Neville agreed, “It’s why we stayed to fix the castle; we were fixing ourselves in the process.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry agreed, “I guess we were, and I guess we’ve always been a bit more like Draco and Theo than we thought.”

 

“Ah well, it does make sense,” Neville mused in the darkness, “We’d have been even more like them if we’d grown up together like we were supposed to. Those two are as close as they are because their fathers were scumbags, Draco’s mother was under his father's control, and Theo’s mother died when he was so young. That meant that they only really had each other growing up.”

 

Harry shut his eyes as his heart rate finally returned to normal, “They have a good few years on us, I suppose, and you always were a late bloomer.”

 

Neville laughed, “The real concern here is the fact that we’re in the forest of dean in a tent, and now you’ve managed to get me into your bed. If I turn on the radio, we’re absolutely fucked.”

 

Harry let out a genuine laugh at that, “Shut up, Nev,” he murmured fondly as he felt sleep begin to wash over him once more.

 

 

Cairo, Egypt.

 

As the second week began, Sadie continued to feel awful. She could barely stay awake in a lab about the alchemical properties of rare stones like the stone of Erised. The window was open, and there was the tiniest little breeze coming in, it was giving her so much relief that her eyes kept drooping shut.

 

“Sadie,” A voice whispered, “Chin up. If you fall asleep, you’ll get kicked out of class.”

 

Sadie’s head snapped up, “Sorry Ash,” she whispered as she rubbed her eyes, “I just can’t sleep at night in this heat.”

 

“It will pass, August is always a hot month over here,” Ash said, “This breeze comes along in September, and it is honestly, heavenly.”

 

Sadie smiled slightly, “September feels a long way away.”

 

“You will get used to the heat, just give it time,” Ash said, “And you need to eat, why don’t you eat at dinnertime?”

 

“The Egyptian food just makes me so ill,” Sadie admitted sheepishly, “It’s too rich and spicy, I’ve never been good with spicy food.”

 

“I’ll have a word with the chef and see if he can whizz you up something to remind you of home,” Ash said, he shot her a wink and then looked back down at the stones they were studying before the professor could catch them talking.

 

 

London, England.

 

Daphne hated Mondays at the best of times. She hated them even more when she got called to the boss’s office the minute she walked through the door. She knew Bill, which made her slightly less nervous but all the same, her heart pounded a little faster than it should have as she walked to Bill’s office and knocked on the door.

 

“Come in!” Bill’s voice called.

 

Daphne took a deep breath and composed herself then walked into the office with a smile, “Good morning Bill,” she said.

 

Bill smiled back at her from where he was sitting behind his desk. However, he was not alone in the office. Leaning against his desk was a man who looked to be in his early 30’s, he had slicked back dark brown hair and icy blue eyes.

 

“Good morning Daphne,” Bill chirped, “How was your weekend?”

 

“Good,” Daphne replied politely, “I got well acquainted with Hermione’s new library. How was yours?”

 

“Great, Fleur and I took Vic over to France for the weekend,” Bill said, “Sit down, will you?”

 

Daphne obliged and sat down across from Bill. The redhead gestured to the man in the room, “This is Stuart Fawley, he’s one of our Senior Curse Breakers.”

 

Daphne smiled and shook his hand, “Pleasure to meet you.”

 

“You too, Miss Greengrass,” Stuart said with a smile, “I’ve heard lots of good things about you.”

 

“Have you?” Daphne asked as she raised an eyebrow at Bill.

 

“There’s no need to look so suspicious Daphne,” Bill said, “Stuart is here because he’s going to become your mentor. When I heard that you broke the curses on 119 objects last week, I decided to pull you out of the cursed room. Frankly, your talents are wasted there, that’s almost three times as many objects as we expect trainees to get through in their first week.”

 

Daphne grinned broadly, “Does this mean I get to go out in the field?”

 

“That is entirely up to Stuart,” Bill replied, “At first he will let you consult from the office, and if you prove that you’re good enough to handle yourself in the field he might well choose to take you out. Do you have any questions for me about this next step?”

 

“Apart from, when can I start?” Daphne asked eagerly.

 

Stuart laughed, “Always happy to take on an eager young trainee like yourself, Miss. Greengrass. I think we will work well together.”

 

Bill nodded, “I’m sure you will. If you have any questions or concerns, Daphne, you know where I am.”

 

Daphne nodded, “Thanks, Bill, I was getting so bored in that cursed room.”

 

“A mind like yours is truly wasted there,” Stuart said as he opened the door for her, “Shall I show you to our office?”

 

Daphne nodded and smiled one last time at Bill as she left with Stuart. As they walked through the bank, Stuart chatted away to her, "So what brings a girl like you to a place like this?”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Because I’m blonde and pretty so there’s no way I could have the brains to be a Curse Breaker, right?”

 

“Not at all,” Stuart said smoothly, “But blonde, pretty girls have lots of options and not many of them fancy daring adventures and dangerous curses.”

 

“Well, I’m not your average pretty, blonde girl,” Daphne remarked, “And my fiancé is Harry Potter, daring adventures comes with the territory.”

 

“You’re quite young to be engaged if you don’t mind me saying,” Stuart remarked.

 

“I do mind you saying actually,” Daphne said shortly, “And not that it’s any of your business, but he’s a very good man.”

 

“I’m sure he is,” Stuart said, “He did save the wizarding world from a terrible fate. Mind you; they do say that heroes are the most broken people around. They don’t make great husband material.”

 

“According to who?” Daphne asked with a raised eyebrow, “Stan Lee?”

 

“I have no idea who that is,” Stuart admitted.

 

“He wrote comic books, it’s a muggle thing,” Daphne said nonchalantly, “One of my best friends is a muggle-born and Harry grew up with muggles too.”

 

“Ah, I’m a pureblood,” Stuart said, “I’m sure you know the name Fawley?”

 

“I’ve seen a few of you about,” Daphne said, “But I don’t know the name. Has anyone in your family done anything of significance?”

 

“Oh yes, there’s a Minister for Magic in there,” Stuart said a little proudly, “Of course everyone knows what your family is famous for. Greengrass shipping, I’m sure that’s left you with a lovely trust fund.”

 

“No, my father blew all of his money on gambling and alcohol years ago,” Daphne said matter of factly, “And the family business is a joke these days, everyone knows that it's tipped to go into administration by the end of the year so quit pretending.”

 

Stuart nodded, “Right,” he said a little awkwardly, “Here we are. It’s small and humble, but I do spend more time in the field than in here, so I don’t mind. You can have the other side of the desk there.”

 

The small, humble office was a broom cupboard, but Daphne didn’t say anything because she was so pleased to be out of the cursed room. She sat down on one side of the desk, and Stuart sat down opposite her, as he did so he brushed his leg against hers then apologised, but something told Daphne that it hadn’t been an accident.

 

“Take half of this pile of papers,” Stuart said as he pushed it into the middle of the desk, “And have a read through it. If anything looks like a serious claim of a cursed object, let me know, and we’ll start investigating.”

 

“Okay,” Daphne said as she began to glance over the first file, despite being a little wary of her new mentor she knew that she would enjoy this part of the job far more than she had enjoyed breaking boring everyday curses.

 

 

London, England.

 

“Honey, I’m home!”

 

“Daphne, you don’t actually live here!” Hermione’s amused voice called from the kitchen.

 

“I’m a temporary tenant, where are you?”

 

“Kitchen,” Hermione called back.

 

Daphne followed the smell of food into the kitchen and put her handbag down on the table.

 

“You’re a terrible tenant, by the way, you aren’t even paying rent,” Hermione joked.

 

Daphne shrugged and smiled, “I’m gracing you with my presence. Isn’t that a gift in itself?”

 

Hermione snorted, “You’re in a good mood today. How many cursed objects did you get through?”

 

“None, I got promoted,” Daphne said smugly, “Bill called me into the office first thing this morning to meet my new mentor. I got through three times as many cursed objects as the other trainees last week, so Bill said there wasn’t any point in wasting my talents by keeping me there.”

 

“Well, I can’t say I’m surprised,” Hermione admitted, “I got to spend the day in court today, so that was good. I was so sick of the four walls of that bloody office…mind you, sitting taking notes through trial after trial was only marginally better.”

 

Daphne hummed thoughtfully, “It’s only for another three weeks though then you get to try something new. What are you cooking?”

 

“Pasta, it’s about all I can cook,” Hermione admitted.

 

“Well, it smells good,” Daphne said.

 

“So this promotion of yours, what is it?”

 

“Proper curse breaking,” Daphne said eagerly, “My mentor and I spent the day looking through letters sent in from Muggles and wizards about objects they claim to be cursed. Some of them are nonsense, but some are legit, today's job was sorting through them to work that out. Once we’ve done that, we go out into the field to hunt down and destroy or un-curse the objects. Bill said it’s at Stuart’s discretion whether he takes me into the field or not, but Stuart said he couldn’t see any reason why I couldn’t go with him on a find and retrieve mission tomorrow.”

 

“Well, that sounds exciting,” Hermione said a little bitterly, “I’ll be honest; I’m jealous.”

 

Daphne chuckled, “It isn’t all that great, my mentor is sleazy. I’m pretty sure he’s been flirting with me all day.”

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at her, “Is he good looking?”

 

“Oh totally,” Daphne replied, “Dark hair, blue eyes, well-structured face. Conventionally he’s excellent looking, but he’s in his 30’s, and there’s just something about him that makes me squirm.”

 

“Oh, the creepy sort?” Hermione said.

 

“Not creepy exactly, just sleazy,” Daphne admitted, “He kept rubbing his leg against mine today. Our office is a cupboard, and we have to share a desk, so there isn’t much room.”

 

“Didn’t you tell him to lay off?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “I wasn’t sure if he was doing it on purpose or not and…well if I say something and piss him off, I could end up getting thrown back in the cursed room again.”

 

“Daph, if this guy is a sleaze then you need to tell him to back off,” Hermione warned her, “Otherwise he’ll take silence as encouragement.”

 

Daphne scoffed, “Trust me, he knows that I’m not interested. I shot him down with every topic of conversation yesterday, and I made it very clear I was engaged.”

 

“That doesn’t matter to those sorts of guys,” Hermione said, “Some of them get off on sleeping with other people’s wives or girlfriends.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “I’m a big girl Hermione, I know how to handle sleazy guys don’t worry.”

 

Hermione smiled slightly, “I know you do Daph. Hey, do you fancy taking a break from the library tonight and watching a Disney film?”

 

“I feel in the mood for a superhero movie actually,” Daphne mused, “Maybe I’m just missing Harry and his hero complex.”

 

Hermione chuckled and said, “Either way, you can pick the film. Oh look, dinner is ready!”

 

* ~ TBC ~


Kinlochleven, Scotland.

 

“Do you think I’m the weak link in the chain?”

 

Draco frowned, he had assumed that Theo was asleep because they had spent the last hour lying silently in their bunk beds.

 

“What do you mean?”

 

“I mean out of you, me, Harry and Neville,” Theo said quietly, “Am I the Peter Pettigrew?”

 

Draco scoffed, “I can’t believe you actually just asked me that question. Of course, you’re not. Pettigrew betrayed his friends because he wanted power. He was a weak-minded coward. You would never betray us, you aren’t power-hungry, and you definitely aren’t the weak-minded one.”

 

There was a pause then, “You aren’t weak-minded either Draco. I know your father told you that you were, but you aren’t.”

 

“And you aren’t the Pettigrew,” Draco assured him, “You didn’t give anything up in your physical torture test, did you?”

 

“No, but it was a test,” Theo said, “And I knew it was a test. I knew they could threaten Sadie but that nothing would happen to her. In real life, they could use Sadie against me. I mean they did it once before didn’t they? On Valentine’s Day.”

 

“Theo if you view love as a weakness then it’s going ruin your life,” Draco said, “They used Hermione against me, they used Daphne against Harry. At the end of the day, the women in our life are our weaknesses, and unless we want to give up on them, then there is nothing that we can do about it.”

 

“I just don’t know what I would do if someone hurt Sadie and it was my fault,” Theo sighed, “And I worry about you being a weakness for me too because…we’re going to be Auror partners but we’re in a relationship of sorts, aren’t we?”

 

“I suppose you could view it that way,” Draco said, “But we’re going to have to learn to leave home behind us when we go to work. We can’t let feelings get in the way of the job. You can’t run blindly in to save me and get other Aurors killed.”

 

“I can be objective, Draco,” Theo reminded him, “I had to be during the war.”

 

“I know, we both did,” Draco said with a nod.

 

“I just don’t know what I would do if something happened to you or Sadie. I don’t know how I would be able to live without her. I keep thinking that one day you’re all going to work out that I am the weak link and drift away from me. I keep worrying that Sadie will eventually realise that she can do so much better than me,” Theo admitted.

 

Draco swung his legs out of the bunk and jumped down, “Theo, your worries are completely unfounded. None of us think that you are the weak link, you are probably the smartest out of the four of us, and you are definitely the most logical. Harry and Neville act on impulse because they are typical Gryffindors and you’ve said it to me yourself, I don’t have a great deal of common sense at times. We need your logical thinking and your wit; I suppose what I’m trying to say is…you’re our Hermione.”

 

Theo looked up at Draco, “You think I’m that valuable?”

 

“Yes, I do,” Draco said honestly, “And I can tell how much you’re letting this get to you because you didn’t even make a sarcastic comment about how you can’t be our Hermione because you aren’t sleeping with me.”

 

Theo smiled slightly, “It did cross my mind,” he admitted.

 

Draco shook his head in amusement, “I couldn’t have gotten through the war without you, Theo, just like Harry and Ron couldn’t have gotten through the war without Hermione. You kept me from running into the dark tower to save people when we didn’t even have a well-thought-out plan. You kept me alive with your logical thinking, so I will never think that you are the weak link in the chain, okay?”

 

Theo nodded, “Thanks Draco, that means a lot.”

 

“And as for Sadie,” Draco continued, “Why are you so caught up on this idea that she’s going to leave you for someone better?”

 

“I don’t know,” Theo shrugged, “I spent school acting like an idiot and sleeping my way around the skanks of Hogwarts. Why would she want to be with someone with a history like that? How can she have any respect for me?”

 

“Because she knows who you are underneath that,” Draco said solemnly, “She loves the guy who risked his life to get her out of the dark tower. She loves the guy who would do anything for his friends, the guy who acts like a dick to pretty much everyone but completely adores her. Your past is your past, Sadie isn’t bothered by it, so you need to stop letting it bother you. Take your own bloody advice, Theo or you’re going to end up being a bitter old man like your father.”

 

Theo shot him an amused look, “Touche.”

 

Draco smirked in response.

 

“I know I don’t talk about them as much as you do, I try and bury the past I guess, but I have regrets too,” Theo admitted, “And I think it all stems from what happened to my mother. I mean she was forced into a marriage with a monster. Then she had the nerve to fall in love, and he killed her for it, in the most brutal way I can imagine.”

 

“I feel a bit responsible for that, if I’m honest,” Draco admitted, “I mean it was my father that she fell in love with.”

 

“Yeah and you were a kid, we both were,” Theo said, “It had nothing to do with us but…I always used to like thinking about the idea that we could have grown up like brothers if my mother had left my father for your father.”

 

“I don’t know if it ever would have happened that way if it makes you feel any better,” Draco said honestly, “My mother always said that I was the only good thing to come from her marriage to my father. I think she would have fought for custody of me. I wouldn’t have seen much of my father growing up, which…well, it would have been a good thing for me but not for you.”

 

“Your father wasn’t a good man, but he wasn’t a monster, not like mine,” Theo argued.

 

“My father let the dark lord consume him,” Draco said darkly, “By the end, he did anything that he asked. The dark lord had warped and twisted his mind until even my mother didn’t recognise him anymore, I’m not convinced he would have been any better to your mother than your father was.”

 

Theo sighed, “Look at us all; our families are in ruins. My mother was forced into her marriage, your mother was coerced into it by her family, Daphne’s mother hated her father, and where does that leave us? My parents are both dead. Your father will rot in prison. Merlin knows where and the only thing keeping your mother sane is you. Daphne’s father is dead, and his wife and daughters couldn’t even force themselves to cry at his funeral. I fucking hate pureblood traditions Draco and I will never write a marriage contract up for my kids, I don’t care if they chose to marry a man or a woman or a bloody dragon, I just don’t want to put another generation through what we went through.”

 

Draco smiled slightly, “Beautiful sentiment and all Theo but, a dragon? Really?”

 

“I was just trying to make my point,” Theo said, “And my point is, because of what happened with my parents, I didn’t want to believe in love because I always thought that love just got you hurt.”

 

“So you cut things off before they could get serious,” Draco realised.

 

Theo nodded, “And I got a reputation as a womanising arsehole, but the reason I did it doesn’t matter Draco. I did some horrible things like with Susan…I took advantage of her; she was upset because her Aunt had died and I…I never should have done what I did.”

 

“No, you shouldn’t have,” Draco agreed.

 

“And I never should have started anything with Pansy,” Theo added, “I nearly lost one of the most important people in my life because I actually let myself wonder if love might be worth it. I shouldn’t have acted on my feelings.”

 

Draco shook his head, “It’s all ancient history, Theo but I appreciate you saying that all the same.”

 

“I was a terrible person,” Theo said, “Sadie deserves more.”

 

“No, she deserves the man who loves her and will always love her, above anything else,” Draco said, “And that’s you. Whether you feel worthy or not is irrelevant because at the end of the day, if you love somebody enough, you become worthy of their love because they make you a better person.”

 

Theo looked up at his best friend, “That sounds like you’re speaking from experience.”

 

“I don’t think I’m worthy of Hermione sometimes,” Draco said, “Sometimes I wonder why she didn’t go off and live the golden life she should have done with Ron. Then I remember that Hermione would never have been as happy with him as she is with me because I challenge her in a way that he never could.”

 

“So you think I’m being insecure for nothing?” Theo asked.

 

Draco nodded, “Yeah, I do.”

 

“I feel a bit like a whinging girl now,” Theo admitted sheepishly.

 

Draco laughed out loud at that, “Sorry to break it to you, Theo, but that’s nothing new.”

 

“Oi!” Theo exclaimed as he hit Draco around the head with a pillow.

 

“Ouch! What was that for? I just gave you stellar advice!”

 

“But then you were a dick about it!” Theo exclaimed, and they proceeded to bicker like an old married couple.

 

 

Amiens, France.

 

“Did it hurt?”

 

“Did what hurt?” Lilly asked as she ran a little faster in a bid to get away from Marcel.

 

“When you fell out of heaven,” Marcel said as he sped up to match her.

 

Lilly groaned in frustration, “It is 6.35 am! Would you give it a break? What part of ‘I have a boyfriend’, do you not get?”

 

She pushed herself and darted away from him, Lucille who had been running next to her shot her an amused look, “I think the answer to that question is, all of it.”

 

Lilly shook her head, “I think I’m going to kill him before six months are up,” she said a little breathlessly.

 

Lucille laughed and said, “Don’t worry, I’ll be your alibi.”

 

 

Cairo, Egypt.

 

As he had promised, the day after saying he would convince the chef to cook something English for Sadie, Ash brought her a covered stainless steel dish. He grinned and looked quite pleased with himself as he sat down across from her and Arielle.

 

“As promised, an English classic,” Ash said, he pulled the lid off and unveiled, “Steak pie!”

 

Sadie laughed and smiled at him, “Thanks Ash, even the smell of that curry type thing that everyone else is eating was making me feel sick.”

 

Ash smiled and said, “I know what it’s like to be in a foreign country when you miss home. We travelled all over before we eventually settled in Egypt.”

 

“Where did you go before you settled here?” Sadie asked curiously. She took a bite from the steak pie, which was one of her favourite English dishes. She was expecting it to taste like heaven, but even it made her stomach churn violently.

 

“Oh all over the place, Romania, Argentina, New York, Russia, then eventually here,” Ash said.

 

Sadie nodded and forced another mouthful of steak pie down; she didn’t want to seem ungrateful after all.

 

“Oh, I also put a big pack of water bottles outside your dorm room,” Ash said, “I know it’s not the same as the breeze from a window, but maybe it will help.”

 

Sadie smiled at him, “Thanks, Ash, I really appreciate it.”

 

 

London, England.

 

“Good morning Daphne.”

 

Daphne smiled politely, “Good morning Stuart.”

 

“How was your evening?” Stuart asked as he rubbed his leg against hers.

 

Daphne tried not to roll her eyes, “Good, I’m staying with my friend at the moment since our other halves are both away.”

 

“Oh, your fiancé is away, is he?”

 

That question sent alarm bells ringing in Daphne’s head but all the same, she replied, “Yeah, he’s training to be an Auror. The first two weeks of basic training involve a two week isolation period, so he’s off doing that with his new Auror partner.”

 

“That’s interesting. I suppose you’re feeling lonely.”

 

“Not really, like I said I’m staying with my friend,” Daphne said, “We watched a movie last night, that’s a muggle thing by the way.”

 

“I do know what a movie is,” Stuart said, “Do you want to hear today's agenda?”

 

Daphne nodded and looked up, “Yes, I do.”

 

“I looked through the cases we considered to be cursed last night, and the first one I think we should tackle is this one,” Stuart said, he slid a piece of parchment across the desk to her and brushed his leg against hers again, “It’s one of the cases you identified, the cursed ring that seems to have made its way through this muggle family.”

 

“Oh the Richardson family,” Daphne said with a nod, “Yes well I did some research, and Natalie Richardson is telling the truth, every woman who has worn that ring has died the day after her wedding day. The first death was in 1891, and there have been three since then.”

 

Stuart nodded, “Probably a case of a spurned wizarding lover cursing the family forevermore. Shouldn’t be a difficult object to find or a difficult curse to break, we will need to pretend to be muggles though, so we need a cover story.”

 

“And you’re looking at me like that because you don’t know much about muggles,” Daphne said with a pointed look.

 

“That is entirely correct,” Stuart said as his lips quirked into a smile.

 

“Alright then I suggest we say that we’re journalists,” Daphne said, “We can say we’re from “The Sun” they’re always writing about shit like that. We’ll say we would like to write a story about the family curse and then while I’m questioning the family, you can say you need to go to the toilet.”

 

“Ah, I follow you,” Stuart said with a smirk, “I find the ring, break the curse, and then we get the hell out of there.”

 

“Pretty much,” Daphne said with a nod.

 

“Cunning, clever and flawless,” Stuart said as he got to his feet, “Just like you,” he added smoothly, far too seamlessly.

 

“Okay,” Daphne said awkwardly, “The Richardson family live in Essex. Shall we just apparate there?”

 

“That sounds like a great plan.”

 

Daphne was grateful that the next hour was devoid of inappropriate comments. They changed their appearances, devised a cover story then apparated to the home of the Richardson family. It was a charming manor house which came as no surprise given the nature of the story.

 

They made their way up the path, knocked on the door and introduced themselves as Miss Daisy Meadows, and Mr Gordon James from “The Sun” to the butler then waited to be allowed entry. About 5 minutes later, the butler came back and led them to the morning room where the family were taken breakfast.

 

The family consisted of a relatively young couple and an older woman. The young woman stepped forward and smiled, “I’m Natalie Richardson, it was me who wrote to the papers about the family ring. This is my fiancé Jim Daniels, and this is my Mother, Rebecca Richardson.”

 

Jim smiled at them, and Rebecca just nodded gravely.

 

Daphne smiled brightly at Natalie, “Thank you so much for letting us in Miss Richardson. We are eager to hear the story.”

 

“So you believe it then?” Natalie asked hopefully, “That the ring is cursed.”

 

“Of course we do,” Stuart replied, “We wouldn’t be here if we thought it was a hoax.”

 

Daphne nodded as she sat down in the chair that the butler had provided, “Why don’t you start by telling us how your family acquired this ring?”

 

“Well,” Natalie began as Stuart began to look around the room as subtly as he could, “It came into the family in 1890 when my great-great-grandmother Rosalie became engaged to a man called Sebastian Malfoy. They were due to be married in 1891, but on their wedding day, Rosalie told Sebastian that she could not go through with the marriage, nobody seems to know why.”

 

Daphne nodded, alarm bells had rung the moment she heard the name “Malfoy”, she wasn’t looking forward to having this conversation with Hermione.

 

“The following day, Rosalie was found dead, but there seemed to be nothing wrong with her. The doctor examined her and said that she was perfectly healthy, only without a heartbeat.”

 

“Very unusual,” Daphne said, although in her mind she was thinking the opposite. It sounded just like a cursed death or death by the killing curse.

 

“Yes!” Natalie agreed, “Of course everyone assumed Sebastian was her killer, but he was never seen again. Rosalie died without any heirs, but her younger sister had a daughter called Jemima. In 1910 Jemima married and the next day, she was found dead, exactly the same as Rosalie.”

 

“That’s very spooky,” Daphne encouraged as she nudged Stuart.

 

Stuart nodded, “I don’t like the scary parts of these stories; they give me nightmares. Would you mind if I nipped to the bathroom while you tell Daisy the gory parts?”

 

“Of course not,” Jim chuckled, “I was the same the first time I heard the story. It’s just at the end of the hall.”

 

Stuart smiled, “Thank you very much,” he said as he slipped out of the room.

 

“So Jemima was found dead, did they ever find out who did it?” Daphne asked.

 

“They assumed it was her husband; after all, he did inherit a lot of money. After a long investigation, the police arrested him, and he was hung,” Natalie said, “But it gets stranger as I told you in my letter. Jemima’s twin brother had a young baby at the time of her death, and his daughter was called Hyacinth. In 1930-”

 

“Hyacinth got married and was found dead the day after her wedding day?” Daphne guessed.

 

“Yes,” Natalie nodded, “The autopsy said there was nothing wrong with her, she had just dropped dead. Hyacinth was my Mothers, Aunt. You were born after she died, weren’t you, Mum?”

 

Rebecca nodded, “Hyacinth was the second eldest of eight children. I was born 13 years after she died.”

 

“So was your Aunt the last to die in these mysterious circumstances?” Daphne asked.

 

Rebecca shook her head, “No, that was Samara in the ’50s.”

 

“1950, to be exact,” Natalie said, “Samara’s father was Hyacinths older brother. She was found after her wedding day.”

 

“And have there been any weddings since?” Daphne asked.

 

Rebecca shook her head, “I warned them all off, and they listened. Natalie and I are the only women left in the family, and I, for one, shall never marry. Natalie has this foolish notion of breaking the curse so that she can marry the love of her life; it is so romantic it makes me sick.”

 

Daphne chuckled, “Do you think it can be broken?”

 

“I don’t see why not,” Natalie said, “They can exorcise ghosts, can’t they? Why couldn’t they undo curses?”

 

“I suppose there must be someone out there who can,” Daphne agreed.

 

Rebecca rolled her eyes, “Don’t encourage her, please, dear.”

 

“Sorry,” Daphne said sheepishly, “But there is something nice about the notion of breaking the curse so that true love can triumph.”

 

“See Mother!” Natalie said, “It is a generational thing. Are you married, Miss Meadows?”

 

“I’m engaged,” Daphne said with a smile, “But I will be married soon, the wedding is set for New Year's Eve.”

 

“That’s very romantic,” Natalie said with a smile, “I understand why you believed my letter now.”

 

Daphne smiled and got to her feet, she heard Stuart walking along the corridor towards the morning room, “And our readers will too. Do you mind if I take some photographs of the house and the chapel on my way out? Just for effect, for the article.”

 

“Of course not,” Natalie said, “You are welcome to. Thank you for coming and…for believing.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “No problem, thank you so much for your time.”

 

She turned around and saw Stuart smiling triumphantly at her. She felt a surge of relief, that meant that he had found the ring and hopefully destroyed any curse that was on it. They made their way outside in silence, and they talked as Daphne pretended to take photographs for her ‘newspaper article’.

 

“Did you find it?”

 

“Yep, in the old hags jewellery box.”

 

“She isn’t an old hag,” Daphne remarked, “Did you remove the curse?”

 

“Yep, as I said, it was easy,” Stuart said, “The Malfoys aren’t exactly renown for creating vicious curses.”

 

“No just for helping vicious dark lords,” Daphne muttered, “So that’s it now? They can get married, and nobody will die?”

 

“Here’s hoping,” Stuart said, “It might be a generational curse in which case if anyone of this generation married they would still die. I don’t think Sebastian Malfoy was smart enough to perform that kind of curse though so yeah, I think it’s broken.”

 

Daphne turned away from the house after pretending to take her final picture, “Great,” She said with a grin, “It’s one hell of an adrenaline buzz, isn’t it? Going in there with a fake story, pretending to be someone else, sneaking around an old house. I loved it.”

 

She turned around to look at Stuart for approval as much as for anything else, but she hadn’t expected him to be so close to her. He smiled as he closed the gap between them and kissed her, which completely threw Daphne. She didn’t kiss him back, but it did take her a second to process what he was doing. Before she had a chance to pull away from the kiss, his hands had started to wander.

 

“What the hell was that?” Daphne snapped as she pulled away and took a few steps back.

 

Stuart laughed, “Come on, you’ve been flirting with me since Bill introduced us.”

 

“No,” Daphne said slowly, “I haven’t been. I think you’re a pompous arse.”

 

“Seriously? You’re having a laugh,” Stuart said with another smile, “I know girls find me attractive, especially young, impressionable ones like you.”

 

“Look, I might be young, but I am not impressionable,” Daphne said firmly, “And the fact you seem to like younger women is pretty wrong, to be honest. I mean you must be in your 30’s.”

 

“Say what you want about me, but I can end your job in five minutes,” Stuart said as his smooth façade disappeared, “All I need to do is tell Bill that you fucked up and that’s it, you’re back in the cursed room, or you’re out of the programme.”

 

Daphne glared at him, “You can’t blackmail me to keep me quiet.”

 

“I can,” Stuart said, “I mean who is Bill going to believe if this goes further? A trusted Senior Curse Breaker who he trained with in Egypt? Or you, a silly little girl who thinks Harry Potter is in love with her?”

 

Daphne swallowed hard but didn’t say anything. She knew he was talking nonsense, she knew Harry was in love with her, but it stung all the same. Just like the fact this idiot could make her lose the job she loved hurt. She didn’t know what to say; it felt like she would lose either way.

 

“So I suggest you keep your mouth shut and come back to the office with me,” Stuart said, and his tone was just demanding enough to scare her a little, “Let’s get on with work like normal for the rest of the day and tomorrow, we can forget this ever happened.”

 

“Forget this ever happened?” Daphne hissed, “You are blackmailing me; that’s not something I can forget easily.”

 

“Well you better because if you don’t, you will be looking for a new job next week,” Stuart said nastily, “So come on, back to the office with you.”

 

Daphne swallowed again but turned on her heel and stalked down the path to the gates. The moment she reached them, she apparated back to the bank and made her way along the corridors in a daze until she reached the office she shared with Stuart.

 

She sat down at the desk and tried to compose herself. When he arrived 5 minutes later his nice guy façade was back on, he smiled at her, sat down and brushed his leg against hers again, it made her feel sick.

 

“So, let’s have another look at these letters, shall we?” He asked as if nothing had happened.

 

 

The Forest of Dean, England.

 

After Harry and Neville had been stuck in the Forest of Dean for a week, they seemed to be surviving quite well. They had worked out the routes the rabbits used to get home to their burrows and were eating enough rabbit and assorted plants that Neville had identified as safe, to keep themselves going.

 

“I don’t think I’ll ever be able to eat rabbit again,” Harry said as he forced another mouthful down, “Don’t get me wrong, it tastes okay but not when you’re eating it every night.”

 

“I think it’s disgusting, but it’s food at the end of the day,” Neville said, “If we don’t want to die of starvation then we have to eat it.”

 

“I feel bad, killing rabbits on their way home,” Harry said with a frown, “I mean I keep thinking, what if that was me? What if I was on my way home to my wife and kids then I got caught in a trap, and just like that, I was dead. I keep wondering if his rabbit wife is just sitting there waiting for him wondering why he hasn’t come home…”

 

Neville looked at Harry cautiously, “Are you feeling okay?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said glumly, “The whole thing just reminds me of Peter Rabbit.”

 

“Who?”

 

“Muggle character from a book,” Harry sighed.

 

“I hate to say it, but if you have morality issues about killing a rabbit on its way home to its rabbit wife then you might have issues working as an Auror,” Neville pointed out, “There might well be times when you have to kill someone for…and I hate to put it like this, the greater good.”

 

“I know,” Harry said, “I’m just feeling melancholy because I miss Daphne.”

 

“So you’re drawing parallels to your life…with rabbits?” Neville asked as he looked at Harry warily, “You really are worrying me.”

 

Harry shook his head and looked into the depths of the campfire before them, “She’s my weakness Neville, her and Teddy. I spent the war trying to keep everyone I loved at arm’s length so that they couldn’t be used against me. I failed obviously, look at what they did to Hermione in Malfoy Manor…”

 

“You couldn’t have stopped that,” Neville said, “You could have told Hermione to leave and never have come back, but she would have slapped you and told you to shut up.”

 

“That’s true,” Harry agreed, “But it doesn’t change the fact that people I love get hurt. I do everything I can to protect them, but I can’t always be there for them, you know?”

 

“Daphne can look after herself Harry, and she can look after Teddy when you aren’t there,” Neville said, “I get that you worry about someone hurting them, but the war is over.”

 

“It doesn’t matter Neville,” Harry said as he looked up at his friend, “There are still a lot of bad people in the world. It’s one thing me putting myself in the firing line by deciding to become an Auror but am I putting Daphne and Teddy there too?”

 

“No, you know that you aren’t,” Neville said, “Daphne is going to be your wife whenever you two set a date, that means something and if you adopt Teddy then legally he is your son. Do you really think that we just become Aurors and are left to fend for ourselves? A reserved bed in St. Mungo’s isn’t the only perk Harry, Daphne and Teddy have a level of protection.”

 

“Do they?” Harry frowned.

 

“Of course they do. The last thing the Aurors want is some sicko hurting Daphne and Teddy to get to you,” Neville said, “Your Manor will get extra wards, there will be surveillance charms so that if anything does happen, there are leads. Nothing is going to happen to Daphne or Teddy, alright?”

 

“Alright,” Harry said with a small nod, “I’m sorry Neville I just…I didn’t want to fall in love because love is weakness, it’s my biggest weakness, but I just fell so hard for Daphne. It took me a while, but I see why they called her the ice queen now. She’s ice, and she’s fire. I fear the cold, but I crave the burn.”

 

Neville smiled, “And she’s turned you into a poet, apparently.”

 

“Apparently,” Harry said with a slight smile.

 

“I get it, you know?” Neville said as he looked into the campfire, “Because love is my weakness too.”

 

Harry smiled, “Lilly?”

 

“Yeah, Lilly,” Neville sighed, “Who I am missing like crazy right now, and yeah, I hate that she’s going to be running out into the middle of duels to heal people like us, but I love her. I can’t lose her, which means coming to terms with the fact that she wants to be a trauma healer. That doesn’t mean that I’m not scared about what I’ll do if I see her get hurt because she’s my weakness.”

 

Harry nodded, “I get that, I really do. I mean if someone did hurt Daphne or Teddy I don’t know what I would do. I don’t know if I would be able to control my temper…”

 

“I’ll tell you what you would do in that situation,” Neville said firmly, “You would come to me because I know what you’re like when you’re angry or upset. So you would come to me, and you let me be your moral conscience. I’ll stop you from doing something stupid and becoming your godfather.”

 

Harry frowned at that, “You think I’m like Sirius?”

 

“I think you have a temper and I think you’re reckless,” Neville said honestly, “If Draco betrayed us and Lilly and I ended up dead, do I think you would run after him, duel him then end up looking like a murderer? Yeah, I do. Because A.) You have a temper. B.) You are reckless and C.) You have a knack for being in the wrong place at the wrong time when an authority figure shows up.”

 

Harry chuckled at that, “Alright, you may have a point there.”

 

“So if you ever feel like you might end up killing someone and rotting in Azkaban, you come to me, okay?”

 

“Deal,” Harry said with a smile, “Thanks, Nev.”

 

 

London, England.

 

When Daphne went back to Grimmauld Place that night, she went intending to tell Hermione that she had been right about her creepy, sleazy colleague. She decided to walk home because her head was spinning. After what had happened, Stuart had acted normally all day, he had continued to make suggestive comments, and he had continued to rub his leg against hers.

 

Daphne had skipped lunch; the whole thing just made her feel ill. She had hoped that the walk home might clear her head, but it just made things worse. What if Hermione blamed her for what had happened? After all, she, like Harry, had believed Daphne’s reputation when they had been at Hogwarts together.

 

What if she told Hermione and Hermione said it was because she had flirted with Stuart? What if Hermione thought that she had cheated on Harry. Harry, even thinking his name made her feel sick. What would Harry have to say about this? Would he blame her too? Would he be angry at her?

 

Daphne sighed as she turned onto Grimmauld Place. Whatever Hermione thought, Harry would think it too because they were pretty in sync that way. If Daphne told Hermione and she blamed her, then she would tell Harry and Harry would get angry. He might even break up with her. She paused in front of the door and shook her head. She couldn’t tell Hermione; she would talk to Sadie about it when she got back from Egypt.

 

There was only one problem with that, Sadie wasn’t back until Saturday morning, which meant that Daphne had to work with Stuart for another four days.

 

 

Amiens, France.

 

“I hope you know CPR.”

 

“Of course I know CPR, do you really think I would have gotten into this course without that basic knowledge?” Lilly muttered irritably as they pulled on sterile Healers Robes to go and observe their first operation.

 

“I was going to say because you take my breath away.”

 

“I’ll take your breath away permanently if you don’t leave me alone,” Lilly said sharply, “I have a boyfriend, and yes, he’s in England, and I’m here, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to jump into bed with the first slimy French frog I meet. Can I go and observe this guy getting his ribs re-set now?”

 

Marcel just smiled charmingly at her, “Of course, after you.”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes and stalked out of the room. Marcel really couldn’t take no for an answer.

 

 

Killiechonate, Scotland.

 

“Do you ever miss Pansy?”

 

“Where did that question come from?” Draco asked Theo as they climbed over rocky paths. Elsie and Rod were chattering between themselves as they walked further ahead of the two men.

 

“Just the conversations we’ve been having. About you loving the baby more than her and me regretting stuff that happened during the war,” Theo shrugged.

 

“Of course I miss her, she was a big part of my life,” Draco replied, “Sometimes I wish she was here because I know her and Hermione would have gotten on, with a lot of coercion. I never wish things were different, though. I’m happy with my life the way it is.”

 

“I know,” Theo said with a frown, “And don’t get me wrong, I’m happy with Sadie too, but there are times when I write out a guest list, and I go to write her name then remember she’s not here anymore.”

 

“She was a huge part of our lives,” Draco said, “All of our lives, I know she wasn’t best friends with Daph or Sadie, but I’m sure they still miss her too.”

 

“I don’t know,” Theo said, “Sometimes I get the impression that Daph is glad she’s gone. I mean think about it, everyone in our year thought of the Slytherin girls, and they thought of Pansy because she was a gossip and…well, a bully too.”

 

“Yeah, she was at times,” Draco agreed, “But she acted that way because of her insecurities.”

 

“I don’t think that matters to the people who she bullied,” Theo said honestly, “But think about it, how many people knew that you dated Daphne? All the gossip was always about you and Pansy. It was always about Pansy, and Daphne was treated like her second in command. The ice queen behind Pansy Parkinson, I always got the impression that she resented her for that.”

 

“I know that she did,” Draco admitted, “But that doesn’t mean she’s happy that she’s gone. Daphne isn’t like that.”

 

“She’s your best friend; you would give her the benefit of the doubt,” Theo pointed out.

 

“She’s my closest female friend,” Draco corrected, “You are my best friend Theo, and I’m sorry you know? That I reacted the way that I did when I found out about you and Pansy, she was already gone by that point, and there was no reason for us to argue about things we buried a long time ago.”

 

Theo nodded, “I just wondered if there were times when you thought about her or if you ever talked to Hermione about her.”

 

“I don’t talk to Hermione about her,” Draco said, “I sometimes think she hated Pansy more than she hated me.”

 

“She probably did,” Theo mused, “Because even if she wouldn’t admit it to herself, she was probably jealous of Pansy. Like you were jealous of Harry and Ron.”

 

Draco frowned, “I never thought of it like that before, but I suppose it does make sense. Pansy was horrible to her as well, though. I suppose that’s why we don’t talk about it. I don’t talk about Pansy, and she doesn’t talk about what happened between her and Harry.”

 

“Don’t you think that’s a bit toxic?” Theo asked, “I mean, Sadie and I talk about everything. There are no secrets.”

 

“Not talking about it isn’t the same as keeping it a secret,” Draco said, “She knows I dated Pansy, she knows I loved her once. I know she had some warped sort of love for Harry, I know they slept together. I don’t need to know anymore, and neither does she.”

 

“I would respectfully disagree with that,” Theo said, “It is a secret because she doesn’t know the whole story, does she?”

 

“She doesn’t need to know about that Theo,” Draco said sharply, “What good would telling her do?”

 

“It would give her more of an insight into you for a start,” Theo argued, “You know each other pretty well, but if neither of you are completely truthful then you will never know each other 100%.”

 

“She knows about all of the worst parts of me, and she still loves me,” Draco said, “So why compromise that by spilling my guts about my past girlfriends? People don’t talk about their exes for a reason. I already had to tell her about my relationship with Daphne since those two are friends now. I don’t intend to tell her about Pansy too.”

 

“And you’re really okay with her not telling you everything about her and Harry?” Theo asked.

 

“I’m fine with it,” Draco said, “So can you just drop the bloody subject?”

 

Theo raised his hands in a sign of defeat, “Fine, but I don’t think you’re both fine with that arrangement, I’m just saying.”

 

“Then just shut up,” Draco said irritably as he walked a little faster in a bid to get away from Theo.

 

 

Amiens, France.

 

“I think I’m going to kill Marcel,” Lilly said one night on her second week at the centre.

 

Savannah snorted, “I’ll help you. The other day he said to me, Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten, I see. Do you know how offensive that is? I am from Texas!”

 

“I suppose it’s like someone assuming an English person is Welsh,” Lilly mused, “I would get pretty offended.”

 

“He is disgusting,” Lucille said, she glanced at the door, but it was still shut. The three girls were the only ones still sitting in the common room. Lilly had been writing a letter to Neville, she couldn’t send them, but she wrote one every two days anyways. Savannah had been studying, and Lucille had been knitting.

 

“He said to me, Are you Jamaican? Cause jer-makin-me-crazy.” Lucille said, “I said he was racist and that if he ever tried to flirt with me again, I would use voodoo magic on him.”

 

“Voodoo magic isn’t real, is it?” Savannah asked.

 

“I always thought it was a myth,” Lilly agreed.

 

“It is but that sleazy little frog doesn’t need to know that, does he?” Lucille asked with a smirk.

 

Lilly laughed and grinned, “Sneaky, I knew I was gonna like you, Lucille.”

 

“If he’s seriously bothering you, why don’t you just talk to your Senior Healer about it?” Savannah asked, “She can give him a caution, and if he keeps it up, she can swap him out with another one of us.”

 

“I might talk to her if he makes another comment,” Lilly admitted, “Because I’m worried it’s going to distract me and it’s not fair on Neville either. He’s already paranoid enough about me meeting someone else here.”

 

“Is Neville your boyfriend?” Savannah asked eagerly, “I was really hoping that we could get into some back-home gossip!”

 

Lilly laughed and opened the locket that she wore around her neck. Inside was a photograph of her and Neville that had been taken at Sadie and Theo’s wedding, “Yeah, that’s him.”

 

“Oh lord, he is a fine-looking man,” Lucille said approvingly.

 

“And so tall!” Savannah gushed.

 

“He is tall,” Lilly laughed, “I know we seem like an odd pair, little and large as my friend Theo calls us.”

 

“As long as you love each other, I don’t think it matters,” Lucille said with a smile, “What’s he doing back in England?”

 

“Training to be an Auror,” Lilly said proudly, “I’m so glad we get to work with our local trainee Aurors on a Wednesday because it means I’ll get to see him.”

 

“Lucky you,” Savannah said, “My boyfriend is just a farmer, I don’t think I’ll be seeing much of him. He’s a Muggle, but he was my childhood sweetheart, so when I came home from school in the summer, he was always there.”

 

“Do you think he’ll wait for you this year?” Lucille asked.

 

Savannah shook her head, “No way, I’ll come home and find him in bed with Mary from next door or Sue-Ann from down the street.”

 

Lilly frowned, “Shouldn’t you just have broken up with him, then?”

 

Savannah shrugged, “Probably. What about you, Lucy?”

 

“I don’t have anyone back home,” Lucille replied, “Apart from my mother who misses me a lot but I don’t think I’ll go back apart from to visit. There are just so many opportunities here in Europe that I don’t want to miss out on.”

 

Lilly nodded and smiled, “Live your life while you’re young,” she agreed.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


London, England.

 

Daphne had barely eaten by the time she went into work on Wednesday morning. She felt sick with dread at the thought of spending all day with Stuart, mainly because most of the day was spent in a cramped little office. He had flirted with her incessantly on Tuesday, and he had moved on from rubbing his leg against hers, he was full-on running his hand up her leg now. Daphne always moved her leg away, but she didn’t say anything anymore, the first time she had told him to stop it, and he had threatened to head upstairs to Bills office.

 

There was a part of Daphne that wondered if Bill would believe her over Stuart. After all, Harry was a good judge of character, and she was his fiancé, but then she kept coming back to the fact Bill had known Stuart since he was a trainee Curse Breaker. She was just his little brother's girlfriend. There was too much history between Bill and Stuart. Talking to Bill would be a considerable risk, and she didn’t want to lose her job.

 

“The beautiful lady is looking rather pale this morning,” Stuart said when Daphne stepped into the office, “Are you sleeping?”

 

“Not really,” Daphne said dryly, “I’m not really eating either.”

 

“You must be coming down with something,” Stuart said, “It’s the time of year for it.”

 

Daphne didn’t say anything as she sat down on her side of the desk and pulled her chair as far out as it would go. Even with the back of the chair against the wall, the creep could reach her.

 

“I was just about to say, there’s no point sitting down,” Stuart said, he was sitting on the edge of the desk, “We’re off to Surrey to find a cursed hairbrush.”

 

Daphne got up silently, and they left the office together. As they walked to the back entrance of the bank, the one that was strictly employees only, Stuart asked, “Any theories?”

 

Daphne shrugged, “Cursed hairbrush, probably cast by a witch in revenge after falling out with a friend.”

 

“I suspected as much,” Stuart said, “This is a recent curse, so we have an extra job. If we can find any evidence relating to the person who cast it, we are required by law to pass that on to the DMLE.”

 

“Do the Auror office deal with that?” Daphne asked.

 

“Oh that depends on the nature of the curse,” Stuart said, “If its something petty like this which is just making girls hair fall out then it goes to the Magical Law Enforcement Patrol. If it’s something that’s killing people, then it’s up to the Aurors to solve it.”

 

Daphne nodded, “That makes sense,” she said as they stepped out of the bank into the back alley and apparated to Surrey.

 

The job was relatively easy; they found the hairbrush and had a quick chat with the cursed girl to find out who the culprit was. Stuart recorded the memory, and once they left the house, he extracted it from his head and put it into a phial, “Well that’s the evidence for the DMLE. I’ll drop it in later today.”

 

“Could I do it?” Daphne asked, “One of my best friends works in the DMLE, I could take her lunch.”

 

Stuart glanced down at her, “That’s very considerate.”

 

Daphne frowned, “Why do you sound surprised that I can be considerate?”

 

“Well, us Slytherins don’t have a reputation for compassion,” Stuart said with a smirk, “Do we?”

 

Daphne wanted to say something along the lines of, I should have known you were a Slytherin. But she didn’t, she just shrugged, “I’m not your average Slytherin.”

 

“You are not average in any way, Daphne,” Stuart said as he placed his hand on her back.

 

Daphne’s instinct was to jerk away from his touch, but he anticipated this and snaked his arm around her, “I am fortunate to be working with someone as pleasant as you. Of course, you can take the evidence to the DMLE.”

 

“Thank you,” Daphne said stiffly.

 

“There is just one condition,” Stuart said quietly as his hand dropped lower onto her bum.

 

Daphne tried to pull away from him, but he gripped her tighter and her wand was holstered on the leg that he was pressing himself against.

 

“Don’t you dare tell anyone in the DMLE any lies about the big mean supervisor that you think is blackmailing you. Not that anyone would believe you anyway, you’re just a little minx who is playing hard to get,” Stuart said, he squeezed her bum then let go.

 

Daphne felt physically sick as she took the vial from him, “I’m not playing hard to get, I’m engaged,” she reminded him as she spun on her heel and apparated back to the office.

 

When Stuart got back, he acted as if nothing had happened like he always did. He clearly felt like he could get away with more in the field than he could in the office, which meant Daphne had some time when she felt relatively safe. After all the corridor outside the office was busy with Curse Breakers and goblins so she knew Stuart wouldn’t try anything. However, she hated going out into the field with him, and she was dreading what he was going to do next.

 

 

London, England.

 

“Hermione, there’s someone at the front desk for you.”

 

Hermione glanced up from her paperwork, “Is there?”

 

Penelope nodded, “She says she’s your friend and that she’s brought you lunch. Have you taken a lunch break yet this week?”

 

Hermione shook her head, “No, I’ve just been eating in here.”

 

“Then I think you ought to get out of this office for a while,” Penelope said, “Take your lunch hour outside; it’s a lovely day.”

 

Hermione nodded and got to her feet, “I will, thank you, Penelope.”

 

Penelope just smiled in response as Hermione grabbed her handbag and headed for the front desk. She smiled when she saw Daphne standing there, holding a brown paper bag and two cups of coffee.

 

“I thought we could have lunch,” She said when Hermione reached her.

 

“That sounds great,” Hermione said with a smile, “Let’s eat outside. I’d like to get out of here for a bit.”

 

They left the Ministry via the front entrance which brought them out onto Scotland Place.

 

“Whitehall Gardens are about 5 minutes this way,” Hermione said as she hooked her arm through Daphne’s, “Thank you so much for getting me out of there for a bit.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “I needed to get out of that stuffy old bank too.”

 

They made small talk about the weather and how they both hated being stuck indoors doing paperwork during these last days of lovely summer weather. When they reached the park, they sat down on a bench and ate their sandwiches.

 

Daphne took a deep breath and looked down at her untouched sandwich, “Sometimes fresh air just makes you feel a bit better.”

 

“I thought things were going good at your work?” Hermione said, “With you getting to go out in the field and all now.”

 

“Yeah, it is pretty exciting,” Daphne said, “I like getting to go out and talk to people, find the cursed object and everything, you know?”

 

Hermione nodded, “So what’s got you so down? I mean Daph, you’re hardly eating.”

 

“I don’t know,” Daphne lied, “I guess I’m just feeling a bit under the weather.”

 

Hermione hummed thoughtfully, “I suppose the weather is starting to change; it is the time for it. Are you sure that’s all it is?”

 

Daphne nodded, “Yeah, I’m sure.”

 

“You’re sure you’re not…well do you have another reason for feeling unwell?” Hermione asked.

 

Daphne wasn’t following Hermione; she just got defensive because she thought that Hermione knew something about what was happening at work, “What? No, I told you I’m fine.”

 

Hermione frowned, “You’re not pregnant then, you’re sure?”

 

Daphne looked up in disbelief, “Pregnant? No, come on, Harry and I are careful. Why would you jump to that?”

 

“I don’t know, wars and baby booms,” Hermione said sheepishly, “And you look pale, you’re not eating, it was just where my mind went.”

 

“Well, I’m not pregnant,” Daphne said with a shake of her head, “But speaking of pregnancy, when is Ginny due?”

 

“Soon,” Hermione replied thoughtfully, “October I think, her due date might be Halloween actually.”

 

“That would be weird for Harry if her baby was born on Halloween,” Daphne mused, she glanced at her watch, “I really don’t want to go back to work. If I have to spend another day stuck in that office with Stuart…”

 

“Is he still flirting with you?” Hermione asked.

 

“Yeah,” Daphne said as her stomach churned, “But I can put up with it if it keeps me out of that cursed room.”

 

“Daph, you shouldn’t have to put up with a sleazy guy just to get to do a more exciting job,” Hermione said.

 

Daphne shrugged the comment off, “It’s fine, Hermione. You wouldn’t blame me if you had spent a week going mad in that room.”

 

“I’m pretty close to going mad being stuck in the admin department,” Hermione complained, “And I have another two and a half weeks of that to go.”

 

“It will pass faster once Draco’s back,” Daphne said, “Do you know when their isolation ends?”

 

“Sunday night,” Hermione replied, “I was going to go to Sunday lunch at the Burrow to pass the time since they doubt they’ll get out until after 6 pm at the latest.”

 

“Molly invited Teddy and me” Daphne mused, “I wasn’t sure if I would go or not, but I think I will if you’re going along.”

 

“You know Teddy loves it there,” Hermione smiled, “Will Harry see him when he gets home?”

 

“No, I have him overnight on Saturday, but I need to take him back to Andromeda’s for his dinner,” Daphne replied, “I’m trying to arrange a weekend to have him over for when Harry’s back.”

 

“That sounds good,” Hermione said, “He misses him an awful lot.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne said, “I know he does.”

 

 

Cairo, Egypt.

 

Sadie, Liang, Arielle and Ash were all lazing around the common room on Wednesday evening. Sadie still felt a little queasy, but Ash’s English dinners were doing the trick. They were getting her strength back up, and she wasn’t feeling sick to her stomach now that she wasn’t starving herself

 

“I miss England,” Sadie sighed.

 

“Tell us something we don’t know,” Ash joked.

 

“I miss Theo…”

 

“We know that,” Arielle said with an amused smile.

 

“I miss English food…”

 

“Hey! I thought I cured that!” Ash exclaimed.

 

“Don’t get me wrong, I am loving my English dinners,” Sadie said honestly, “And I’m so grateful that you managed to do that for me Ash, but I just want a proper cup of coffee or a fizzy drink that doesn’t taste like it’s been left out in the sun for hours.”

 

“I suppose that’s fair enough,” Ash conceded, “Is there anything else about England that you miss?”

 

“Yeah…I miss Daphne.”

 

“Daphne?” Liang said, “Daphne Greengrass?”

 

“Yes,” Sadie said, she opened her eyes and looked over at Liang, “She’s my best friend.”

 

“Her family own Greengrass Shipping Limited,” Liang said, “They are our biggest competitor.”

 

“Her father owned the company,” Sadie said, “But then he died, and it fell to the next male heir which is her Uncle Phineas. It doesn’t have anything to do with Daphne; she’s training to be a Curse Breaker.”

 

“I just found the connection interesting,” Liang admitted, “Do you have any other internationally recognisable friends?”

 

“Apart from Harry Potter,” Ash joked.

 

“Not really,” Sadie replied, “Apart from Neville Longbottom, commonly known as Harry Potter’s snake killing sidekick.”

 

“I saw that photograph of him beheading the snake in the newspapers in France,” Arielle said, “It was pretty impressive. I don’t suppose he’s single?”

 

“Nope, sorry,” Sadie chuckled, “He is very happy with another one of my friends…she’s training to be a Trauma Healer in Amiens.”

 

“You lot really are quite far-flung,” Ash said in amusement, “How do you find to catch up?”

 

“At the moment, we don’t,” Sadie said with a chuckle, “But we’ll all see each other on Sunday night. I bet they’ve all had a much more exciting time than me, I’ve just felt ill from the moment I got here.”

 

“You’re perking up now you’ve got my good ole English food to eat,” Ash said as he patted her on the back on his way to the door, “See you guys in the morning for study hall.”

 

“Night Ash,” Sadie said as she shut her eyes and let herself drift off again. She had taken to sleeping on the couch in the common room with the balcony door wide open since her bitchy dorm mates wouldn’t let her open a window. Of course, all of this hassle could have been avoided if they were allowed to use magic, she could have just used cooling charms.

 

However, they had to check their wands into lockers at the end of the day because no magic was permitted in the dorm rooms or the common room.

 

 

Amiens, France.

 

“I’ve had a terrible day, but it always makes me feel better when I see a pretty girl smile,” Marcel whispered as he and Lilly walked along the corridor towards the operating room, “Would you smile for me and make my day?”

 

Lilly turned to Marcel and glared at him, “We are about to go into that room and watch Healer Selwyn cut into some poor bastards brain. His survival chances are slim to none, so you really haven’t had a bad day yet Marcel! Would you just shut up and let me focus? I’m getting sick of your bullshit!”

 

She was hopeful that Marcel had gotten the message because he did at least look a little guilty. He didn’t make a smart arse comment either, he just nodded and followed Lilly silently into the operating room.

 

 

The Forest of Dean, England.

 

“I’m enjoying this way too much. What did you say it was again?”

 

“Pheasant,” Neville said, “I don’t know where it came from; they aren’t even in season.”

 

“I don’t care, I’m just glad it’s not a rabbit,” Harry said, “What day is it?”

 

“Wednesday,” Neville replied, “We’re almost there.”

 

“Are we? I feel like this week is going slower than last week,” Harry said, “Sunday feels ages away.”

 

“Tell me about it,” Neville said, “I think it’s harsh that we don’t even get a weekend off at the end of this. I know Sheppard said we would get a few days off during the week, but Lil will need to leave for France late on Sunday night. I’m hardly going to see her.”

 

“This long-distance thing is bothering you already isn’t it?”

 

Neville nodded then sighed, “It will be worse when I get home. Her stuff is all over the house, everywhere I look I’m reminded of her and…Merlin, this will sound cheesy. I just want her back there. I want to have dinner with her every night and be able to go to bed with her. I don’t want her to be on the other side of the bloody channel.”

 

“I understand,” Harry said honestly, “I know that I couldn’t manage it. I’m finding it hard enough to be away from Daph right now, if she ever does need to up sticks for her job then I guess I’ll just have to go with her.”

 

“Well, I can hardly commute in from France,” Neville said glumly, “This long-distance thing is going to be the end of us, I can just tell.”

 

“Only if you let it be,” Harry reminded him.

 

Neville shook his head, “Haven’t you noticed that I’m a disaster when it comes to relationships? It turned out that Hannah was obsessive and a bit psychotic, then Susan seemed to be more interested in my fame than me. Now Lilly…”

 

“Lilly loves you for who you are,” Harry said, “Not Neville the war hero Longbottom, but who you really are. That’s rare so you better not give up on that just because you find six months of long-distance love hard to cope with.”

 

“It’s easy for you to say that,” Neville said, “You and Daphne have a perfect relationship.”

 

“Perfect?” Harry scoffed, “How can you think that?”

 

“Look at the two of you!” Neville exclaimed, “You’re getting married, you’re adopting Teddy together. You are literally the golden couple.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “Okay firstly, don’t ever call us that again or between us, we will curse your bollocks off. Secondly, Daphne and I are far from perfect, and I can give you plenty of examples of that.”

 

“On you go then,” Neville challenged him.

 

Harry snorted, “Where do you want me to start? I mean I’m a fucked up mess who became an alcoholic and punched her in the face? That’s a pretty good start. She gets next to no sleep because my nightmares keep her awake, but she still calms me down and helps me get back to sleep every time I wake up screaming. And how do I thank her for that? I don’t because I channel my emotions in all the wrong ways. I channel my depression into drinking, and I channel my stress into sex. I take it out on her, and she doesn’t even complain about it.”

 

“Maybe she likes it,” Neville joked.

 

“It’s not funny, Nev,” Harry sighed, “I’m a mess, she’s healing me, but I’m not better yet, and we do argue. We’re both stubborn, and when we get caught on an idea, we don’t want to admit that we’re wrong or compromise. We argue about Teddy because we have conflicting ideas about what’s best for him since we were raised so differently. What I’m saying Neville is that we’re far from perfect, but I love her despite the fact she drives me up the wall half the time.”

 

Neville nodded, “I know what you’re saying. I just…I’m worried that Lilly and I will spend the next few months struggling through for nothing.”

 

“You know that won’t happen,” Harry said, “If Lilly didn’t have faith in your relationship, you wouldn’t still be together.”

 

“What if she meets someone else in France?”

 

“She’s probably thinking, what if he meets someone else in Auror training?” Harry pointed out, “You just have to trust each other and make the most of the moments that you do have together.”

 

“Yeah,” Neville said with a sigh, “I just wish those moments weren’t so few and far between.”

 

 

Amiens, France.

 

“Healer Selwyn, could I talk to you, in private?”

 

Clara smiled at Lilly and nodded. She said goodbye to the Senior Healer that she was talking to and said, “Let’s check if the break-room is empty. Are you feeling okay?”

 

“I’m fine,” Lilly assured her, “And I’m definitely not thinking of quitting if that’s what you were thinking.”

 

“Oh, I didn’t think that,” Clara said as she led Lilly into the empty break room, “You have a stronger stomach than most. What’s bothering you?”

 

Lilly frowned, “Marcel, he keeps flirting with me, and every time I see him, he comes out with some cheesy chat-up line. It’s distracting when he does it before we go into the operating room and it’s just sleazy and disgusting. I have a boyfriend, and I keep telling him that but he’s taking no notice.”

 

Clara nodded, “It’s alright, you don’t have to get yourself worked up about it. I had noticed the odd comment, but I wasn’t aware that it was happening so regularly. I will give him a caution, and if he keeps it up, you had better come back and tell me. We want you to feel comfortable and secure here, do you understand?”

 

Lilly nodded and breathed a sigh of relief, “Thank you, I was worried about telling you.”

 

“You had no reason to be,” Clara said, she put the kettle and asked, “Do you want a cup of tea?”

 

Lilly nodded, “Yes, please.”

 

“While I have you alone, I wanted to ask, how are you coping with being here while your boyfriend is back in England?”

 

Lilly opened her mouth to reply then hesitated and shut it.

 

“Is it serious, with this guy?” Clara asked.

 

Lilly nodded, “Yeah, we were living together in England before I came over here.”

 

“And you’re finding it hard to be so far away from him,” Clara said.

 

“Yes,” Lilly admitted, “But it isn’t affecting my work-”

 

“I would never suggest that it was,” Clara cut her off by raising a hand. She handed Lilly a cup of tea and sat down in an uncomfortable chair.

 

Lilly sat down next to her boss; she had no idea where this conversation was going.

 

“I was just going to say that I understand how hard it is when the man you love is in another country,” Clara said tentatively, “My fiancé lives in England, and I live here.”

 

“Oh,” Lilly said, “I don’t mean any disrespect but, couldn’t you do what you do here in England?”

 

“Oh, I could train people at St. Mungo’s,” Clara said with a nod, “Or I could work as a Healer in the trauma ward there. But I could never do what I do here. All the same, I do suspect that this will be my last year at the centre.”

 

“That must be hard,” Lilly said, “Didn’t you say you had worked here for six years?”

 

“I have worked and lived in France since I was 18,” Clara said with a nod, “I didn’t really have a choice, I’m surprised you haven’t said anything actually. You fought in the war, and you’re from the UK. I assume that means you know who my brother was.”

 

“I did wonder if you were related to the Death Eater Selwyn,” Lilly admitted, “But it’s not my business, and it doesn’t affect how I see you, so I didn’t think it was worth mentioning. Is that why you came to France?”

 

“My father and my brother were twisted,” Clara said, “My mother died halfway through my last year of school, and I didn’t want to go back home without her calming influence. So, I upped sticks and moved to France to become a Healer.”

 

“I guess you like it here since you stayed so long,” Lilly mused, “I kind of hate France to be honest.”

 

“Oh I completely hate France,” Clara said with a roll of her eyes, “I hate the food and the lack of manners and the guys like Marcel. I do love Paris though, and I bet you will too. The art and history are amazing. The only reason I stayed was because I was too scared to go home while I knew my brother was there. Now he’s gone, I suppose I’m just scared.”

 

Lilly nodded thoughtfully, “How did you meet your fiancé? Was it here in France?”

 

“It was through work,” Clara replied, “During the war, I went home briefly to help. Most of the time I didn’t leave the trauma ward at St. Mungos. I was just an extra Healer for all of the injured Aurors that were being brought in. Sorenson started chatting me up when he was lying in the hospital wing half-dead, and the rest is history.”

 

Lilly looked up sharply, “Did you say Sorenson? As in Sorenson Cauldwell?”

 

Clara frowned, “Yes…you can’t know him, can you? He’s much older than you are.”

 

Lilly laughed, “He is older than me, but I do know him. One of my best friends is Sadie Cauldwell, his little sister.”

 

Realisation shone in Clara’s eyes, “I should have realised that when you were talking about your friend Theo the other day. Theo is the name of Sadie’s Husband…no wonder I recognise you; I must have seen you at Sadie’s wedding!”

 

Lilly was still chuckling, “Sadie did say that Sorenson had been dating someone and that the wedding was the first time she had met her, but I had no idea it was you.”

 

Clara laughed, “Well, I can’t say I’m surprised. We’re both English, and most of your friends are purebloods like me, we’re all related at the end of the day.”

 

Lilly snorted, “Yeah, when there are only 28 ‘pure’ families there tends to be a lot of inter-breeding. Doesn’t there?”

 

Clara chuckled, “Yes, the Cauldwell family actually came to Britain from America in the 1860s which is why they aren’t on the sacred 28, but even then, they have managed to marry themselves in with Zabinis, Potters, Weasleys, Slughorns, Ollivanders, Lestranges and now Notts.”

 

“Your family are an ancient wizarding family though,” Lilly said, “You must be related to everyone.”

 

“Oh if you go back far enough, you’ll find every name in the sacred 28 in my family tree,” Clara said with a roll of her eyes, “Sometimes I dream of being a muggle-born.”

 

“There’s a lot more of us, therefore, a lot less incest,” Lilly agreed.

 

Clara laughed heartily at that, “It is nice to have a decent Brit here to mentor. What house were you in?”

 

“Ravenclaw,” Lilly replied.

 

“That explains why I like you so much,” Clara grinned, “A fellow Ravenclaw.”

 

“You were in Ravenclaw?” Lilly asked in surprise.

 

“Yes, uncommon for a girl with dark wizards all around her, I know,” Clara said with a chuckle.

 

At that point, a bell rang loudly downstairs.

 

“New casualty, duty calls,” Clara said as she got to her feet and abandoned her cup of tea, “Here’s another little piece of information for you, you will never finish a cup of tea or coffee here.”

 

 

London, England.

 

Thursday was Daphne’s lucky day. When she got into work in the morning, Stuart told her that Bill needed a favour, so she had to spend the day back in the cursed room with the other trainees. At first, she was worried that she was being demoted, but then she realised that they had found a particularly interesting statue from the Lestrange vault which had a curse on it that none of the trainees could break. Daphne had to admit, it was a difficult one, so it did take pretty much all day as well as all of her expertise.

 

The best part of the whole thing was that she hadn’t had to see Stuart all day and soon her best friend would be home, and she could come clean. After all, Sadie would know what to do because she always did.

 

She went into work feeling a bit lighter on Friday because she knew Sadie was coming home the following morning. She would get to see Lilly soon too and then the boys would all come back. There was a lot to look forward to at the weekend. Daphne still didn’t quite have her appetite back, but she was managing to eat small amounts now at least.

 

“Ah, my beautiful assistant has finally decided to grace me with her presence,” Stuart said when Daphne walked into the office, “How did yesterday go?”

 

“Fine, it was a difficult curse, but I managed to break it,” Daphne said stiffly, “What’s on the cards for today?”

 

“I looked through some letters yesterday and identified a few interesting cases so we’ll be in the field for most of the day,” Stuart chirped.

 

Daphne’s stomach lurched at that, and she found herself wishing that she hadn’t had breakfast, “Right, where?”

 

“London first then Taunton and…oh our last one is in the sticks, Caithness.”

 

Daphne nodded, “What’s the first case?” she asked as they left the office together.

 

“Cursed toilet,” Stuart said, “It’s an easy enough fix, I suppose I’ll have to drop the toilet off at the DMLE afterwards. It will be of some interest to the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office.”

 

Daphne nodded again, and they made their way out of the bank to the scene of the ‘crime’ in silence. Luckily, the first job was in the middle of London so there wasn’t much that Stuart could sensibly get away with, it was a relatively quick job, and it only took about two hours. An hour of that had involved Daphne drinking coffee on a park bench while Stuart took the offending toilet into the DMLE.

 

“Next,” Stuart said as he clapped his hands together, “Off to Taunton to have a look at a cursed steam engine.”

 

Daphne frowned, “Did you say a cursed steam engine?”

 

“Yes, apparently it’s spewing insults instead of smoke,” Stuart said with an amused look as they slipped into an alleyway, “Obliviators are already working overtime with the muggles there. We need to get in and un-curse it as soon as possible so there won’t be any time for chit-chat, just watch and learn.”

 

Daphne wanted to roll her eyes, on top of everything else Stuart was a smug arsehole. They spun and apparated away, emerging into a chaotic scene at a train station in Taunton. As Stuart had said, it was busy, and there was no time for chit-chat, which also meant there was no time for inappropriate comments or groping, thankfully.

 

Daphne could only observe; it was a problematic curse to break, partly because of the size of the object. It took Stuart a good 4 hours to finish, and by the time he had, it was well past lunch-time. They grabbed sandwiches and sat down in the (thankfully, very crowded) park to eat them.

 

She had to admit; she was feeling relieved. She had been out in the field with him all day, and so far, things had been so busy that she had forgotten all about his blackmailing ways. Daphne knew things would be different in Caithness though.

 

“Alright, now we’re refuelled let’s head up to Scotland,” Stuart said as he clapped his hands together.

 

“What are we doing up there?”

 

“Ah, I’m glad you asked,” Stuart said, “It’s an interesting one. An abandoned crofters cottage in Caithness is apparently cursed, it may well just be haunted instead, but I wanted to investigate.”

 

“Why?” Daphne asked with a frown, “If there’s no solid evidence, then why are we wasting our time investigating it?”

 

“Let’s call it curiosity or a hunch, either-or,” Stuart said evasively. He told her the co-ordinates, and once they were clear of Muggles, they apparated there.

 

It was the middle of nowhere. They were on a moor with an abandoned cottage before them that was well on its way to becoming a ruin. It had no roof, but the rest of it was still standing, although it looked like it might fall down at any point.

 

Daphne immediately felt uneasy; she could feel Stuart’s eyes on her as he said, “Are you coming to investigate or not?”

 

“I just…I have a bad feeling about it,” Daphne admitted.

 

Stuart laughed, “Maybe it is haunted. I didn’t peg you as the sort who is scared of ghosts.”

 

“I’m not,” Daphne said defensively, “But I think there is a curse on it, something just feels wrong here.”

 

“Then let’s have a look and see if we can work out what,” Stuart said, he was standing in the doorway and holding his hand out to her.

 

Daphne tried to push the bad feeling away as she stepped up onto the front step and slipped past Stuart into the cottage, she sure as hell wasn’t going to hold his hand. As she moved past him, he grabbed her arm and pushed her inside.

 

She was going to turn around in anger and asked him what the hell he had done that for, but then she felt something strange. It was like a warm wind had just rushed over her, and it had erased all of the angry thoughts from her head. Instead, she felt light, like she was floating on air, and when Stuart kissed her, she didn’t push him away. Instead, she deepened the kiss as the light feeling became a sudden onslaught of passion.

 

It felt like being under the imperius curse, but the fog was thicker and harder to cut through. Her thoughts had flown all over her head, they were out of order, and her body was reacting even though her mind was all over the place.

 

She was kissing him back, and she had no control over it. He unbuttoned her blouse, and she couldn’t push him away. As her fear grew and panic set in, she began to get a bit more clarity, but it was like she was standing outside of her own body, watching this happen to her.

 

He slid his hands up her legs, under her skirt and murmured, “I knew you were just playing hard to get.”

 

And those words cut through the fog like a sharp knife. She tried even harder to pull away, but her brain just refused to communicate with her body. She was sure he could see the fear in her eyes as he smirked and unclasped her bra. It was like being trapped by devils snare, the more she tried to break free, the harder it was to do so.

 

“I can see why the boy wonder keeps you around,” He murmured appreciatively as he pressed himself against her, his eyes flashing with lust. Daphne wasn’t stupid; she knew what he was going to do if she couldn’t break free of the curse.

 

She shut her eyes and focused like she would do when using Legilimency. She concentrated her mind entirely on breaking free, and it gave her a split-second of clarity. Just long enough to pull herself away from him and run out of the cottage. When she got outside, she gasped as she tried to get fresh air into her lungs.

 

He followed her out, so she hastily buttoned up her blouse and glared at him, “You knew that was going to happen! That was why you brought me here!”

 

“All I knew was that a local claimed this cottage was cursed by Morgana,” Stuart replied, “But yes, I did know that you were going to give in to me eventually.”

 

“I didn’t do any of that by choice!” Daphne hissed, “Something happened the moment we stepped inside that cottage, you knew that!”

 

“Oh something happened alright,” Stuart said with a sly grin, “You finally gave in to me, and I would love to-”

 

“Shut up!” Daphne roared, “Accio letter for Caithness!”

 

The letter flew from Stuart's pocket and landed in Daphne’s hand. He lurched forward to grab it from her, but she threw up a shield charm to stop him. It wouldn’t hold for long, especially if Stuart tried to break it down with any spells or curses, but it would hold for long enough for her to skim the letter.

 

“The cottage was supposedly cursed by Morgana, the evil sorceress, thousands of years ago. According to legend, all those who enter are drawn to whoever is in close proximity to them. The nature of the curse was to ruin a local woman's reputation after the man Morgana was supposed to marry left him for the Caithness woman.”

 

“Well I suppose we know that the curse does exist then,” Stuart said.

 

“You tricked me, Fawley!” Daphne hissed.

 

“Oh, you loved it. You were just as into it as I was-”

 

“Because I didn’t have a choice!” Daphne snapped, “And I won’t put up with this anymore. Blackmail is one thing but that? That was sexual assault you fucking creep! So do you know what? Tell Bill I made a mistake, get me fired! Right now being fired would be better than working with you, you scumbag!”

 

Before Stuart could say anything else, Daphne dropped her shield charm, spun on her heel and disapparated. She didn’t want to go back to Grimmauld Place because she knew that Hermione would see how upset she was, and she would get the truth out of her, one way or another. The natural choice that was left was, therefore, Potter Manor, but it was Harry’s house and right now thinking about Harry made her feel sick with guilt.

 

She wanted Sadie, but Sadie was in Egypt, so there was only one place left for her to go. Daphne made this decision in a split-second as she spun to apparate and when she rematerialised she was standing in front of a metal gate looking up at the home she had grown up in.

 

She had some good memories here, but there were far more bad ones. Daphne stood at the foot of the stone steps staring up at the house for a moment. She wasn’t entirely sure that she would enter. Greengrass House was a façade, it was designed to look old like the likes of Malfoy or Potter Manor, but it had been built when her family rose to prominence in the early 1800s.

 

The house was whitewashed and stood three stories high, four if you included the room at the top of the tower. It wasn’t a manor, but it was grand enough with its large bay windows and the gold leaf embellishments that her grandmother had added. Daphne took a deep breath and walked up the steps. She stood outside the front door on the porch and raised her hand to knock.

 

She hadn’t set foot in this house since she left to return for her eighth year. Her father had set this house alight in a bid to murder his entire family, it hadn’t been too severely damaged, but the wing at the back was far newer than the rest of the building. Daphne felt sick as images from that night flooded back to her.

 

She remembered waking up in bed, feeling terrified. She remembered the smell of the smoke, the heat of the fire—her mother running down the stairs with Astoria in her arms screaming at Daphne to run. The back door had been consumed in the fire, so they had stood shivering on the porch as they waited for the Aurors to show up.

 

Daphne remembered all of it as clear as day even though she had only been six years old at the time. She remembered the Aurors wrapping them up in blankets and giving them hot tea to drink. She remembered the nice lady who had asked her questions about the fire and her family. Daphne hadn’t known anything at the time, so their questions hadn’t meant anything to her.

 

She remembered how, after the fire, they had to stay with Uncle Phineas while the house was being fixed. She had found it strange that although Phineas was her Fathers brother, she hadn’t seen her father for the entire month that they stayed with Phineas. She remembered all the whispered conversations her Mother and Phineas had; they would always stop the second she walked into the room.

 

Daphne remembered the effect it had on Astoria. She had been four and a half at the time, and she had stopped talking for a year. When she did start to speak again, she spoke very quietly, and she became so timid when she had been bubbly and full of life before. Daphne remembered how terrified she had been on the first night they moved back in, she remembered being too scared to sleep in case the house went on fire again.

 

She remembered the night her father came back, not long after they moved back into Greengrass House. The argument had been loud, and Astoria had come into her bedroom because she wanted a cuddle. Daphne had covered her sister's ears and listened as her parents shouted at each other. She had been old enough to understand what had happened; her father had set fire to the house to punish her mother because her mother was in love with someone else.

 

Daphne remembered coming downstairs the next morning to find her mother performing glamour charms on herself. She remembered how her mother limped for a week afterwards, how she cradled her arm as if it was hurting. She had known, even at such a young age, that her father was responsible. From that moment on, Daphne had been terrified of two things, fire and her father.

 

When she had been a little older Daphne had asked her mother why her father had done it. Lareina had sat her down, made her a cup of tea and told her the truth. Daphne had always respected her mother for that, she could have sugar-coated it, but she thought it was important that Daphne knew exactly what sort of man her father was. That was how she had discovered that her mother had been forced into an arranged marriage with her father; she had found out how much her mother had always hated her father. She had looked for love elsewhere, and she had found it once or twice, Lareina had told Daphne that when he found out, her father set fire to the house to punish them.

 

She vividly remembered asking her mother why he had come back then? Lareina had looked ashamed as she admitted that she had begged him to come back because her younger brother had blown all of the family money by drinking too much and gallivanting across the globe. Daphne remembered her mother telling her that she couldn’t have provided for her girls without Cygnus, so she had begged him to come back and support them. That had been the night he came back to the house, the night of the argument that Daphne remembered so well.

 

Daphne had said to her mother, “He hurt you, didn’t he?” And Lareina had said that yes, he had. He had beaten her to within an inch of her life, but he had promised to come back. There had been conditions though, Lareina had to pay for what she had done, and if she ever strayed again, then he would kill her. Daphne knew from the look on her Mothers face and everything she had just heard that this was true.

 

Once she was older, Daphne began to wonder if it was a coincidence that she didn’t see as much of her Uncle Phineas anymore.

 

She pulled herself out of the depressing memories and knocked on the door. After all, if she didn’t do it now, she never would. There was a crack, and the door opened almost immediately, a little house elf smiled brightly up at her, “Good days Miss. Daphne!”

 

Daphne smiled weakly back, “Hello Corky. Is my sister at home?”

 

“Yes, Miss, she bes in her room,” Corky said, “Is Miss staying for tea?”

 

“I don’t think so Corky, I’m just going to go up and see Astoria,” Daphne said as she stepped into the entrance hallway.

 

The house didn’t look like it had changed at all. Directly ahead of her was a spiral staircase, and four doors were leading from the central hallway. One went into the lounge, another into the dining room, another into the library and another into what had been her father’s private study. From the dining room, there was access to the conservatory or, as her mother preferred to call it, the dining room. Behind the spiral staircase was a smaller doorway; if you went through it and followed the stairs down, you would find yourself in the kitchen. Unlike at Potter Manor or Grimmauld Place, this wasn’t a place to socialise or cook. Her mother had never cooked, so she rarely entered the kitchen and instead took all of her meals in the breakfast room or the dining room. The kitchen in Greengrass House was most definitely Corky’s domain.

 

Daphne made her way up the stairs and bypassed the first floor. The master bedroom was located on that floor, as was the drawing-room and a second large bedroom which her mother had always called the most agreeable guest bedroom.

 

The second floor was where Daphne’s bedroom had been when she lived here. This floor consisted entirely of bedrooms, but hers and Astoria’s were the largest, and they had an adjoining shared bathroom. The other three bedrooms were relatively small and rarely got used.

 

Before she knocked on the door of Astoria’s bedroom, Daphne walked into her old room just to reminisce for a moment. She wasn’t sure if her mother had kept it or if she had converted it into another spare room. It made her smile to see that it remained unchanged; it was like she had just stepped out of it yesterday.

 

The walls were pastel green; she had painted them herself in her third year. There were posters on the walls with images of the Weird Sisters, and her little library of muggle books remained in the alcove that she had turned into a reading corner. Her dressing table still had some old perfume bottles sitting on it, and every surface was covered with wizarding photographs of herself with a combination of Tracey, Sadie, Pansy or Draco. She smiled a little sadly as she began to pluck them from the dresser and put them into her handbag, they all brought back great memories, but those memories were tinged with sadness Tracey and Pansy weren’t here anymore.

 

Once she had placed all of the photographs in her bag, she looked around the room. Her bed was made up neatly; the curtains had been pulled open to let light in. Despite her rocky relationship with her mother, it looked like Lareina kept the room perfect for her, just in case Daphne ever came back. It made her heart swell with love, but she felt guilty too, she didn’t see her mother often enough, and that had to change, especially when Teddy was legally adopted.

 

Daphne sighed and left the room, shutting the door gently behind her as she did so. She walked to the next door along and knocked three times; it had been their secret knock as kids.

 

There was a pause and then, “Daph, is that you?”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne called back.

 

She heard shuffling inside the room and then Astoria came to the door. She opened it and smiled, “What brings you back home?”

 

“A really shitty couple of weeks,” Daphne said, for some reason tears had begun to fill her eyes, “And I don’t know who to talk to or what to do so I just wanted to come home.”

 

Astoria stepped out of the bedroom and hugged her sister, “Come upstairs, it’s the only place mother can’t eavesdrop.”

 

Daphne felt stupid as she hastily wiped her eyes and followed Astoria up the stairs. All that was above them was the tower that stood at the centre of the house. Originally it had been a bell tower, but the bell had been gone for as long as Daphne remembered. They climbed the wooden step and emerged into a small square room.

 

It had four narrow windows and a roof light; Daphne had always loved that as a kid. She and Astoria had laid a blanket out on the floor and looked up at the stars, trying to spot constellations. It, like the rest of the house, was completely unchanged. Two huge beanbags sat against one wall as they always had, and a blanket box filled with warm blankets sat against another wall.

 

Astoria pulled out the fluffiest blanket she could find and sat down with Daphne on one of the large beanbags, “What happened?”

 

“This guy at my work,” Daphne began, and she felt so stupid as her eyes welled up again, “Merlin, I don’t know why I’m crying, it’s pathetic!”

 

“It’s fine,” Astoria said gently, “I’m your sister, I know that you cry. I don’t believe any of your ice queen rubbish.”

 

Daphne sighed and looked down at her shaking hands, “This guy at my work is blackmailing me and he…well…it’s a long story, and I just don’t know where to start.”

 

“The beginning,” Astoria said as she took Daphne’s hand and squeezed it.

 

“I uh…He’s my mentor. I got pulled out of the cursed room because Bill, my boss, said I was too good to be stuck breaking easy curses so this guy, Stuart, became my mentor and I was excited because it meant I got to go out in the field and break proper curses.”

 

Astoria nodded as Daphne paused for breath.

 

“But after our first case he kissed me, and I told him I wasn’t interested because I’m with Harry,” Daphne continued shakily, “That was when he threatened me. He said if I said anything, he would tell Bill that I made a mistake so that I would lose my place as a trainee Curse Breaker. I thought Bill would believe me over him because Bill and Harry are close, but Stuart said that he and Bill went way back so there was no way he would believe me over him.”

 

“It’s alright, Daph,” Astoria said as she squeezed her hand again, “Keep going.”

 

“So I didn’t feel like I could say anything to Bill without losing my job,” Daphne said shakily, “And I thought after that it would stop, but all week he’s been touching my leg under the desk or grabbing my bum when we’re out on the field and then today-” her voice caught. She shut her eyes tightly, “He took me to this cottage in Caithness that was apparently cursed, and when I went inside, I felt this warm wind blow over me then all of a sudden I…I was kissing him, but I had no control, it was like the imperius curse and he…”

 

Astoria’s eyes darkened, “Daph, tell me he didn’t.”

 

“He didn’t get that far,” Daphne said quietly, “But he had his hands all over me, and I was panicking, but the more I panicked, the harder it was to break free then he…” she swallowed and hastily wiped her eyes, “…he unclasped my bra and just stared at me then he said,” her voice became lost in her throat.

 

Astoria wrapped her arms around her sister.

 

“He said he understood why the boy wonder kept me around,” Daphne choked out tearfully, “And something snapped. I was able to get free and get out of there, but I just feel so useless, Astoria. I should have been able to fight him off, I mean I fought in the war…”

 

“I’m going to kill him for what he did to you,” Astoria said icily, “You couldn’t fight him off, you were under a curse, and it sounds like an ancient lust curse too. Daphne, those curses were designed to turn women into whores, the fact you broke free is a fucking miracle, and I swear to the founders, I’ll put him in the bloody ground.”

 

Daphne looked up at her sister in surprise, “Astoria…you never get angry.”

 

“I’m not angry, I’m plotting revenge,” Astoria hissed, “He sexually assaulted you, and he took you there to rape you.”

 

“He assaulted you, Daphne, that’s what he did!” Astoria retorted, it wasn’t often that Daphne saw her sister like that, she had always been so meek and timid.

 

At that, Daphne broke down in her sister's arms. Astoria wrapped her up in a blanket and said, “You need to listen to me right now, Daphne. You are not going to let this guy beat you. You are going to tell the Aurors what he did, and he is going to be arrested.”

 

“I can’t,” Daphne said, she wiped her eyes on the blanket, “If I do anything, Harry will find out that I cheated on him.”

 

“Stop panicking,” Astoria said, she placed her hands on Daphne’s shoulders and looked her in the eye, “You did nothing wrong, you didn’t cheat on Harry. This scumbag assaulted you, that’s not cheating, do you understand?”

 

“What if Harry doesn’t see it like that?”

 

“He will,” Astoria promised, “He loves you, Daphne, he knows that you would never do something like that. You need to get to the DMLE and report this guy or report him to Bill directly and see if you have any right to legal representation. You work for Gringotts, so I would hope that you do, even if you are a trainee.”

 

Daphne frowned at her sister as she wiped her eyes, “How do you know all of this, Tori?”

 

Astoria shrugged and glanced down, “I think I would like to be a lawyer, but I need to study hard this year and apply next year. I didn’t do as well as you in my N.E.W.T’s.”

 

“You can do anything that you want if you put your mind to it,” Daphne told her, “You always were naturally smarter than me, you just struggled to find motivation.”

 

“I’ll always think you’re the smarter one Daph, you’re my big sister, I’ll always look up to you,” Astoria said softly.

 

Daphne smiled weakly, “I’m hardly a stellar role model at the moment, am I?”

 

“That’s not your fault, none of this is your fault,” Astoria said, “I need you to understand that.”

 

Daphne just sighed in response.

 

“And you can’t go to work with this guy on Monday, it needs to be resolved before you go anywhere near this fucking creep,” Astoria said coolly.

 

“But all the Curse Breakers are off at the weekend,” Daphne said, “So there isn’t much that I can do, even if I wanted to.”

 

“Then first thing Monday you go to Bill, or you go to the DMLE right now,” Astoria said, “They don’t shut at the weekend, after all, crime never sleeps.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “I can’t do that right now Astoria. Sadie comes back tomorrow morning, and Harry gets back on Sunday. I need to talk to them first before I report anyone or go to the DMLE.”

 

“Just promise me that you will do something, please,” Astoria said, and the hint of desperation in her voice was what made Daphne realise that she was in the right here.

 

“I promise,” Daphne said as she leant into her sister's hug, “I’m sorry that I don’t see you enough Tori. I’m sorry we’re not as close as we were as kids.”

 

“I guess sisters just grow apart as they get older,” Astoria said, “You always had your friends at Hogwarts, and I had mine, but we had the summers. This year we didn’t have that because…”

 

“Because of me and Harry,” Daphne realised, “I’m sorry, I never meant to shut you out, but that’s exactly what I’ve done since Harry and I got together. You need to come and visit more, you and Dennis.”

 

“Dennis and I broke up Daph, at the end of the school year,” Astoria said sheepishly, “We just didn’t see our relationship lasting outside of school.”

 

“I’m sorry Astoria, I know you liked him,” Daphne said.

 

Astoria shook her head, “I was kind of glad when it ended actually, he irritated me. He was just a bit immature, I guess.”

 

“So you’re gonna date an older guy next time then?” Daphne joked weakly.

 

“Maybe, or maybe I’ll just focus on getting into the DMLE first,” Astoria said with a smile, “And I’m as much to blame as you are for the two of us drifting apart you know. I never even wrote to tell you about the break-up.”

 

“And I never even wrote to tell you that I’m getting married and becoming a mother, all before the millennium hits,” Daphne said as she pulled back from the hug to look at her sister.

 

Astoria frowned, “What?”

 

“Harry and I are getting married on New Year's Eve,” Daphne said, “And we’re going to adopt Teddy too. Nobody knows. It was all supposed to be a big secret, but I wanted to share it with my baby sister.”

 

Astoria smiled tearfully, “That’s great; it really is. Does this mean I’m going to be an Aunt?”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne realised, “I suppose it does. Assuming Harry doesn’t break things off when he finds out about everything that’s happened this week.”

 

“He won’t,” Astoria said confidently, “But how are you going to raise Teddy while both of you are working?”

 

“Well I work 9 am - 4 pm Monday to Friday and Harry works 9 am – 5 pm Monday to Friday. Then when he starts doing fieldwork he will have to work every second weekend, but he’ll get two days off during the week instead so between us, we’ll find babysitters.”

 

“Mum would love to help,” Astoria said, “You know that she is dying to have grandkids.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said with a small smile, “And Teddy has his Grandma as well so she would help. If need be, I know Molly would help when she could too.”

 

“So you would manage, like you always do,” Astoria said, “You and Harry have such a strong bond, I get envious sometimes.”

 

“Well, you will find someone too Tori, I know you will,” Daphne said as she gripped her sister's hand, “Dennis Creevey was punching well above his weight anyway.”

 

Astoria laughed tearfully at that and hugged her sister, “I’ve missed you Daph, I’m glad you came back.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


Stronaba, Scotland.

 

“We get to go home tomorrow,” Theo said cheerfully as he got dressed on Saturday morning.

 

“I can’t wait for a shower in my own house,” Draco said, he shoved his feet into his boots, “Or a bath in my own house.”

 

“Or a shag in your own bed,” Theo joked.

 

Draco laughed, “I was going to say a night in my own bed, but that would be a bonus.”

 

Theo glanced down at his watch and said, “The missus should be getting back right about now. I wonder if she’ll go home or straight to Potter Manor to see Daph.”

 

“Oh, she’ll go to Daphne, no doubt about it,” Draco said. He unzipped the flap and stepped out of the tent, Theo followed suit, and they began to pack the tent away, ready for their last full day of hillwalking.

 

“Should I be worried that my wife is gonna go straight to her best friend?” Theo joked after scanning the campsite and making sure that Elsie and Rod were inside their tent.

 

“Wife?” Elsie’s voice said from behind them, “I thought you two boys were gay?”

 

Draco and Theo both jumped and spun around. Elsie was standing behind them with a basket full of wild berries.

 

“Uh…”

 

“Well…”

 

“We…”

 

“I…”

 

“The thing is…”

 

“That’s your cover blown guys, but nice try.”

 

Draco and Theo spun around once more to find Auror Mitchell stepping out of Elsie and Rod’s tent.

 

“With all due respect sir, what the hell is going on?” Draco asked with a frown.

 

“Elsie and Rod weren’t Muggles,” Theo realised, “They were plants from the Auror office.”

 

“Yes, we were,” A new voice said from the treeline.

 

Draco and Theo spun around to the spot where Elsie had been standing, in her place stood Auror Carter.

 

“Now I’m intrigued that you jumped straight into a gay couple instead of coming up with a story about friends camping for a stag do or something in that ilk,” Mitchell said, Carter walked around them to stand next to him.

 

“That was an interesting leap,” She agreed.

 

“I panicked,” Theo said sheepishly.

 

“And in your panic, pretending to be a gay couple was the first thing you thought of?” Carter asked, “I’ll tell you one thing; it will be an interesting one to write a report about.”

 

Draco’s cheeks flushed, “Great, Theo, now we’re going to be the laughing stock of our class.”

 

“Don’t worry,” Carter said with a reassuring smile, “None of this will go beyond the Senior Aurors.”

 

“But you better be ready for Sumner to rip the shit out of you for it,” Mitchell smirked.

 

“That would be fair,” Theo said with a nod, then his face fell, “Oh no…Sorenson Cauldwell isn’t a Senior Auror, is he?”

 

“He’s a Junior Training Auror,” Carter said, “So don’t worry, he won’t find out about this unless he breaks the rules by reading your private file.”

 

“I wouldn’t put that past Sorenson to be fair,” Draco said.

 

“No, neither would I,” Theo muttered.

 

“You don’t get to be the grumpy one here,” Draco said irritably, “This was your idea.”

 

“You played along with it!”

 

“Only because you coerced me into it!”

 

“Merlin, no wonder you two made such a passable couple over the last two weeks,” Carter said with a shake of her head. She shot a smile at Mitchell, “Right, shall we have a hike without these two tag-alongs before we get back to base?”

 

“Sounds like a great idea,” Mitchell said, “See you boys back at base.”

 

Draco frowned at the retreating Aurors, “Do you think those two are…”

 

“Oh yeah,” Theo said with a nod, “They are definitely shagging.”

 

 

London, England.

 

When Sadie stepped out of the British International Apparition Centre, she did not expect to get pounced on by her best friend.

 

“Sadie! I’ve missed you so much!” Daphne said as she hugged her friend tightly.

 

Sadie laughed and pulled back from the hug, but the sight she was met with made her frown. Daphne looked paler and thinner than she had two weeks ago, “Are you crying?”

 

Daphne swallowed and wiped away her tears, “I’m just thrilled to have you back. Wow, look at your tan!”

 

Sadie knew that Daphne was changing the subject on purpose, but she supposed she wouldn’t want to talk about whatever was bothering her out in the open, so she said no more about it as Daphne grabbed one of her bags and hooked her arm through hers, “How is Egypt?”

 

“Awful,” Sadie replied, “I hate it. It’s too hot and sticky; the Centre for Alchemical Studies is a joke. The poverty divide in that country is disgusting, there are beggars a street away from the gates of the centre, and everything in that bloody building is gold or gold leaf. Then there are the people on my course, every single one of them is an entitled idiot whose rich daddy is an influential politician or whose rich mummy is trying to be Australian Minister for Magic. There are flies everywhere too and mosquitoes, ugh I hate it, Daphne!”

 

Daphne smiled at her friend fondly, “Good thing you don’t have to go back for a couple of weeks then.”

 

“I can’t handle spending two weeks at a time in that place with those people,” Sadie said irritably, “I really hate it and I missed everyone so badly, you, Theo and Hermione in particular.”

 

“Yeah, I really missed you too Sadie,” Daphne said honestly as they walked up an alley together, “But I kept Hermione busy enough that she didn’t miss you. I couldn’t sleep without Harry, so I spent most of the last two weeks with her.”

 

“Oh thanks, Daph,” Sadie said with a smile, “I was a bit worried about her being cooped up on her own with all of us away somewhere.”

 

Daphne smiled, “Don’t worry about it. Do you mind if I come back to the house so we can catch up properly?”

 

“Of course not,” Sadie replied with a smile.

 

Without another word, the two friends spun on their heels and disappeared. They re-emerged in an alleyway around the corner from Grimmauld Place and walked the short distance to the doorway of number 11.

 

Sadie placed her hand on the door, and it automatically unlocked. The two girls stepped inside, kicked off their shoes and hung up their coats in the hall.

 

“I can’t decide if I want a cup of tea or a glass of wine,” Sadie said as they made their way down to the kitchen.

 

“I’m voting for wine,” Daphne said.

 

“Then I guess I’ll have to join you,” Sadie said as she grabbed a bottle of red from the wine rack.

 

Sadie silently poured out two glasses then handed one to Daphne, “Now, what’s going on with you?”

 

“What do you mean?” Daphne asked quietly.

 

“You’re pale, you’ve lost weight, and you seem on edge,” Sadie commented, “What the hell happened while I was away?”

 

And that was it. Daphne broke down. She cried, and she told Sadie everything. Sadie listened patiently and hugged her friend; she didn’t say a word until Daphne was finished.

 

“Daphne, what he did to you is disgusting,” Sadie said, she didn’t shout, she spoke quietly but in a dangerous tone of voice, “If you don’t report him then I’ll have to kill him, and I’m not joking about that.”

 

Daphne looked up at Sadie through her tearstained eyes. Sadie did look furious, “That is sexual assault, more than that he blackmailed you! It’s not only disgusting; it’s illegal, and you have got to tell someone about it!”

 

“If I take legal action then Harry will find out about all of it,” Daphne said quietly, “It would all be out in the open, the papers would probably even get a hold of it. I can’t do that Sadie; I just can’t.”

 

“If you can’t face telling the Ministry then you have got to report this to Bill. This bastard has to get sacked Daphne; surely you know that,” Sadie fumed.

 

Daphne nodded numbly, “I was too scared of losing my job, but it seems like I don’t have anything left to lose now. Apart from Harry of course and with that comes losing Teddy…”

 

“You aren’t going to lose Harry,” Sadie said firmly, “You are my best friend Daph, and I love you to bits, but you really can be an idiot sometimes. Harry, you and Teddy, you are a family, and Harry is fiercely loyal when it comes to family. He’s far more likely to end up in Azkaban for killing this arsehole than he is to leave you willingly.”

 

“Right because that scenario is so much better, Sadie!” Daphne exclaimed.

 

Sadie raised an eyebrow at her, “Don’t give me cheek just because you don’t like what I’m saying. We both know that Harry has a temper, I think deep down you’re more afraid of what he’ll do when he finds out than you are about him leaving you.”

 

“Maybe I am, but I don’t know what I’m feeling anymore,” Daphne sighed, “This whole week has just been one big fucked up mess.”

 

“Well we’re going to un-fuck it, between the two of us,” Sadie promised her friend, “You’re going to drink that wine then we’re going next door to talk to Hermione. She works in the DMLE, she’ll be able to tell us what you can and can’t do. She’ll know if there’s a way to keep it out of the press.”

 

“There’s not a way to keep anything out of the press these days,” Daphne said glumly as she looked into the depths of her wine glass, “Haven’t you noticed?”

 

“Drink your wine,” Sadie ordered as she dumped her trunk on the kitchen table.

 

“Can’t I just take it round with me?” Daphne asked, “It’s not like we have to go outside to get to Hermione’s.”

 

Sadie frowned, “What do you mean?”

 

“The door,” Daphne said as if it were obvious, “In the basement.”

 

“Daphne, I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Sadie admitted, “What door?”

 

Daphne looked up at her friend with wide eyes, “Shit, I forgot that Theo hadn’t told you yet.”

 

“Show me,” Sadie said in a long-suffering way.

 

Daphne did. She led Sadie to the door and opened it.

 

“Is that Draco’s man cave?”

 

“Yep,” Daphne replied.

 

“And that’s a door,” Sadie said, “An unwarded door that anyone can open. I mean, of course, it is because Theo isn't going to want to go outside in his pyjamas at 3 am when he is struck with a random business idea that he just has to tell Draco about. And Draco is going to want to wander through in his fucking boxers at 7 am on a Sunday morning to discuss the politics section of the Prophet. I mean…I’m not even surprised anymore. We might as well have just bought a manor and called it Black-Nott House.”

 

“Well, …you might have saved yourself some money. One manor as opposed to two houses in London…” Daphne weighed it up in her head, “If you ever fancy moving to the country, I’d go full foursome and just buy the one house, yeah.”

 

Sadie shook her head in amusement, “Don’t tell Theo that I said this, but right now, it’s actually quite useful,” she said as she walked through the door into Number 12 Grimmauld Place.

 

“It’s useful until Draco barges in on you having sex. No, scratch that, Draco knows how to knock. Theo’s going to barge in on them having sex,” Daphne said with a nod.

 

“Probably,” Sadie agreed, “I give it a week and then there will be a list of rules up on that door, in Hermione’s hand-writing.”

 

Daphne snorted in amusement and followed Sadie up the stairs into the entrance hall of Grimmauld Place.

 

“How on earth did you two get in here?”

 

Sadie jumped, “What the-”

 

“It’s just Abraxas and Elladora,” Daphne said offhandedly. She had been talking to them all week, mostly to tell them about the stupid things Draco had gotten up to in recent years.

 

“The floo system did not activate, and you did not come through the front door,” Abraxas pointed out.

 

“Yeah, we came through the secret door in my husband's basement which leads to Draco’s basement,” Sadie said with a wave of her hand.

 

Elladora turned to look at her husband, “So they are just like you and Thaddeus.”

 

Abraxas rolled his eyes, “Now Elladora-”

 

“Don’t take that tone with me. He moved his entire manor, brick by brick, two counties south to be closer to you,” Elladora said calmly, “And then you built a secret tunnel system between your houses!”

 

“I did not hear you complaining about that tunnel system when our home was attacked during the war, Elladora!”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “They’ll be at it for hours. Come on, let’s find Hermione.”

 

“Hermione! I’m back!” Sadie yelled.

 

There was a clatter and a bang. Then Hermione appeared at the top of the stairs, “Sadie! You’re home.”

 

“Wow, that was hard,” Sadie said sarcastically, shooting Daphne an amused grin.

 

Hermione reached the bottom of the stairs and hugged Sadie, “Look at your tan! You look like you’ve lost weight though, have you been eating?”

 

“Egypt doesn’t agree with me, but I’m fine,” Sadie assured Hermione, “It’s Daphne that we need to sort out.”

 

Hermione frowned when she looked at Daphne, “Daph, have you been crying?”

 

“Yeah, it’s a long story. We need alcohol for it, where did Draco put the kitchen again?” Sadie asked.

 

“Through here,” Hermione said, leading them across the hall into the bright, airy kitchen.

 

“Sorry about the lack of small talk. We can catch up about your new job later, and I’ll tell you all about how much I hate Egypt, but right now there are more pressing matters,” Sadie said quickly, “Someone fucked with my best friend and I’m pretty pissed off which is why I need wine.”

 

Hermione just nodded, “Okay. Red or white?”

 

“Whatever has the highest alcohol content,” Daphne said as she slumped down into a chair.

 

Hermione grabbed a dusty bottle from the top shelf and said, “Well, in that case, let’s break into one of Draco’s nice French ones. Now, what is going on?”

 

“I can’t go through it again,” Daphne said quietly, “I’ve had to do it twice in the last 24 hours. Sadie, can you fill her in?”

 

Sadie nodded, she took a large gulp from the glass of red wine that Hermione had just handed her then told the story, the entire story. Daphne made her way through a large glass of wine in the time it took Sadie to recount everything.

 

When Sadie had finished, Hermione shook her head and said coolly, “Stuart Fawley, what’s his address?”

 

“I…uh, well I don’t know his address,” Daphne said with a frown, “I suppose I could find out from Bill but…why, are you asking me this?”

 

“Get me his address, and I will kill this bastard,” Hermione said in a very dangerous tone.

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at Hermione, “You’re scaring me a little bit right now.”

 

“Believe it or not, I wasn’t just the brains of the golden trio,” Hermione said, “I can look after myself, and I am more than capable of killing this guy.”

 

“Physically, yes,” Sadie agreed, “But morally, I doubt it.”

 

“Oh no, my moral conscience is totally okay with it,” Hermione assured them.

 

“Right now it is, but when you’re standing over his body covered in blood, you’ll go full Lady Macbeth on me,” Sadie said calmly, “So no, you’re not capable of killing him. Stop being ridiculous and think about this logically please.”

 

Daphne looked at the two of them in disbelief, half expecting Hermione to slap Sadie.

 

What actually happened was even more surprising. Sadie got to her feet and put her hands on Hermione’s shoulders. She looked her in the eye and said, “You’re a genius who works in the DMLE. How do we destroy a man without killing him?”

 

Hermione took a deep breath and nodded. She picked up her wine glass and said, “I may work in the DMLE, but that’s not the best way to tackle this. You need to tell Bill because if you don’t, the Aurors are just going to ask you why you didn’t talk to your boss as soon as it happened.”

 

“I know what I need to do, but it doesn’t feel as easy as everyone makes it out,” Daphne said, “I mean I’ve probably already lost my job anyway but-”

 

“No stop right there,” Hermione said, “This guy is a prick! Bill will know that you’re telling the truth. He loves Harry like a brother, and it’s obvious that he's fond of you too. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have pulled you out of that cursed room so quickly.”

 

“But-”

 

“And if you’re worried about Bill taking this guys side because they trained together then stop worrying,” Hermione continued, “Because don’t forget, this is a fairly new job for Bill too. He only moved back to Britain just before the war started; he’s spent the majority of his career working in Egypt, so he doesn’t know Fawley as well as you think he does.”

 

Daphne sighed and let her head fall into her hands, “But what about Harry?”

 

“Look Daph, Harry adores you,” Hermione said, “He isn’t going to be angry with you. If anything he’ll probably try and kill this bloody Fawley guy.”

 

“Maybe that’s what I’m worried about!” Daphne exclaimed, “Have any of you considered that maybe I don’t want someone’s death on my conscience? Of course, I’m worried about telling Harry because I don’t want him to do something stupid and end up in Azkaban!”

 

“Well, for a start, Harry is the chosen one, he won’t go to Azkaban,” Hermione began to say.

 

“No Hermione, I know you think the sun shines out of your best friend’s arse, but he would go to jail for that,” Sadie cut in, “Murder is murder, regardless of who you are.”

 

Hermione sighed, “Regardless, Harry isn’t like that.”

 

“I’m sorry Hermione, I know that Harry is your best friend, but I think I know more than you when it comes to this one,” Daphne said hotly, “Harry is far more like his godfather than you think and his godfather ended up in jail for doing something stupid!”

 

Hermione wanted to say more, but she didn’t want to start an argument, so she sighed again and said, “Fine, but either way, you have to tell him.”

 

“I don’t think I’m actually capable of keeping it from him,” Daphne admitted.

 

“But what can we do? I mean can we get him arrested?” Sadie asked Hermione.

 

“Well, as I said, the first thing you have to do is tell Bill everything,” Hermione said, “Once you’ve done that you will know if you are entitled to legal representation. If you are then your work takes it from there, and it goes through the DMLE in a sort of tribunal. If you aren’t entitled to legal representation, then you need to come in, give your statement to the Aurors, submit your memories to back it up then it goes to court. You can afford a good lawyer though, so that would help your case.”

 

“Surely she will get legal representation though,” Sadie said, “I mean it’s Gringotts.”

 

“She’s a trainee, and she has only been employed for two weeks,” Hermione said, “It’s debatable, but Gringotts is a good employer, so we will just have to wait and see.”

 

“And what about the press?” Daphne asked, “I can’t handle those vultures finding out and splashing it all over the front page.”

 

“If it goes down the tribunal route then the press won’t be able to find out,” Hermione promised, “But if it goes to trial in the DMLE then it will be a lot harder to keep quiet.”

 

“Hermione!” Sadie hissed.

 

“What?” Hermione asked defensively, “If you want my advice, then I have to tell the truth!”

 

Daphne shook her head, “It’s fine; I’m glad you did.”

 

Sadie sighed and looked at Daphne, “Do you want me to come in with you on Monday when you go to tell Bill?”

 

“I don’t think it’s the kind of thing where I can take a friend in,” Daphne said glumly, “But I appreciate the offer.”

 

“You don’t necessarily have to tell him on Monday,” Hermione said with a frown, “He’ll be at the Burrow for Sunday lunch tomorrow.”

 

“Yeah, and I’ll have Teddy with me,” Daphne reminded her.

 

“There will be plenty of people there to watch Teddy; you know that,” Hermione said, “I could grab Bill and pull him aside. Then you could talk to him, and I could stay for moral support if you needed it.”

 

“It might be easier to tell him in an informal setting,” Sadie said gently.

 

“Without Fawley being there to make you nervous or distract you,” Hermione added.

 

Daphne sighed but nodded, “Alright, I will tell him tomorrow at the Burrow, but right now I need to get over to Andromeda’s. I need to pick Teddy up for his sleepover.”

 

Hermione nodded, she stepped forward and hugged her friend, “I am so sorry, Daphne.”

 

Daphne just shook her head, “I’ll be fine,” she said stiffly, “I’ll catch up with you on Monday night, Sadie?”

 

Sadie smiled weakly and nodded, “Yeah, I want to hear how it goes with Bill.”

 

“Alright bye guys,” Daphne said as she threw some floo powder into the fireplace, “And thanks for everything.”

 

Hermione sighed and looked across the breakfast bar, “Is she okay?”

 

“No, she’s falling apart,” Sadie said honestly, “She spent years objectifying herself, telling herself that she didn’t need love, she just needed sex. That’s why she got called the ice queen, but it made her feel like men want her for her body above all else, and what Fawley did to her, it just cements that.”

 

Hermione shook her head angrily, “Sadie, what he did to her is disgusting, but it could have been so much worse if he-”

 

“Don’t even go there,” Sadie said, her blue eyes icing over, “Don’t even say it, okay? Because if he had done that to her, I would have killed him.”

 

Hermione frowned, “Sadie-”

 

“There are very few people left in this world who I love,” Sadie said coldly, “My father is gone, and yes, he’s not dead, but he might as well be. When he comes out of prison, he won’t recognise me anymore. He went in, and I was a 17-year-old girl, finishing school, and he’ll come out to find Sadie Nott, the wife of Theodore, a mother probably. How will I get any semblance of a relationship back with him?”

 

Hermione sighed and grabbed her hand, “I don’t know,” she said honestly.

 

Sadie swallowed and looked up, “I lost Tracey and Pansy to the war too. I’m fiercely loyal to the friends that I have left, and I swear to Salazar, if he had done that to her, I would kill him, and I wouldn’t do it in a subtle way to avoid detection, I would slit his throat.”

 

Hermione sighed and walked around the table. She pulled Sadie into a hug and murmured, “Then you’d go full Lady Macbeth on me, and you know it. You could do it, in the heat of the moment but then you would regret it for the rest of your life.”

 

Sadie swallowed her pride and hugged Hermione back, “I hate him for what he did.”

 

“I know,” Hermione said, “I do too, but between them, our boys will find a way to punish him.”

 

“They had better,” Sadie said, drawing back and taking a steady breath. Her hand shook as she picked up her wine glass.

 

Hermione noticed, she grabbed Sadie’s other hand, looked her in the eye and said, “They will.”

 

 

The Forest of Dean, England.

 

“Well,” Harry said thoughtfully, “The last two weeks have been interesting.”

 

“I’ve learned a lot about you actually,” Neville said, “Even though I thought I knew you already.”

 

Harry nodded, “I guess Sumner was right to send us even though we thought we didn’t need it. I suppose I should apologise for being an arse…”

 

Neville snorted, “Do you think Draco and Theo had such an enlightening week?”

 

“Merlin knows,” Harry said with a shake of his head as a portal appeared in front of them.

 

On the other side, Sheppard waved at them and gestured for them to come through.

 

 

Stronaba, Scotland.

 

“Do you know something, I’ve kind of enjoyed this week,” Theo mused as they waited to be extracted on Sunday afternoon.

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at him, “Should I be worried about that?”

 

“Not the whole fake boyfriend thing,” Theo reiterated, “But all of these heartfelt chats are good for the soul.”

 

“For you maybe,” Draco muttered, “If you didn’t know all of my business before, you definitely do now.”

 

“I knew most of it before,” Theo said honestly, “But I think this was a good idea anyway. I know how to get inside your head now, partner.”

 

“Don’t call me that,” Draco said with a glare as a portal appeared in front of them.

 

“But you are my partner,” Theo objected, on the other side of the portal Sheppard motioned for them to come through.

 

“I know, but if you ever say it like that again, I won’t be,” Draco said. He shot Theo a smirk and stepped through the portal.

 

Theo shook his head in disbelief, “Honestly, you spill your heart to a guy for two weeks, and what do you get? Abuse! Some things never bleeding change.”

 

 

Harry and Neville reconvened with Draco and Theo almost immediately after entering the lecture hall at the Auror training base.

 

“Woah, who knew you could grow a beard!” Theo exclaimed upon seeing his friends for the first time in two weeks.

 

“Which one of us are you talking to?” Neville asked Theo.

 

“The chosen git, obviously,” Theo said, “You’re like a little boy who has become a man!”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “I’ve been able to grow a beard for a while, Theo. I just shaved it while I was on the run in the war because it used to irritate me.”

 

“Why grow it this time then?” Theo asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“For the same reason I didn’t grow a beard,” Draco said, “It didn’t irritate him, it irritated Hermione.”

 

Harry nodded sheepishly, “Yeah, she hated it.”

 

“What’s your excuse, Theo?” Neville asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“He just can’t grow anything more than bumfluff,” Draco said with a smirk.

 

Harry and Neville sniggered at that as they settled down in the front row and waited for the others to return to the hall.

 

“So where did you spend your holiday?” Neville joked.

 

“The bloody Cairngorms,” Draco said with a roll of his eyes, “With a couple of Muggles who were actually plants from the Auror office.”

 

“And I sort of panicked when they started talking about how magical the place was,” Theo said sheepishly, “And said I was there with my boyfriend so Draco and I had to pretend to be a couple for the whole two weeks.”

 

Harry and Neville guffawed shamelessly upon hearing this, all the while Draco shook his head and glared at his sheepish best friend.

 

“Where did you spend your two weeks then?” Draco asked once the pair had finished laughing at them.

 

“Oh the most nostalgic place you could imagine,” Neville said sarcastically, “For Harry anyway.”

 

Draco frowned, “Surrey?”

 

“No,” Harry said a little tentatively, “The Forest of Dean.”

 

“Right,” Draco said awkwardly.

 

Theo looked between the two of them, “Am I missing something here?”

 

“You usually are Theo,” Neville said, he patted his friend on the back and added, “I’ll fill you in later.”

 

“You don’t have to,” Draco said, “Theo, the Forest of Dean is where Harry and Hermione had sex during the war.”

 

“Oh!” Theo realised.

 

“Anyway,” Draco continued, “I did a lot of soul-searching, Harry, and I’ve decided it's pointless to dwell on the past. You and Hermione have history, just like Daphne and I have history. It doesn’t matter, the future does.”

 

“You say that like you came up with it all by your fucking self,” Theo muttered, “You’re a dick, you know that?”

 

“He’s your dick though,” Neville said, waggling his eyebrows at the two Slytherins.

 

“Silence in the hall!” Sumner barked as he walked into the lecture hall.

 

They all fell silent instantly. Following orders here came much more naturally to Harry than it had while he was at Hogwarts.

 

“I hope you all enjoyed your isolation. Nobody tried to kill their new partner, so that’s always a sign that we paired you together well,” Sumner began, “We observed some of you closely by planting disguised Aurors in there with you, and we observed some of you from a distance. We were happy with how everyone did, and I hope that you now feel at ease with your new partner. I will say one thing now; however, we noted some tension of a sexual variety between a pairing and we do not tolerate relationships between co-workers here. If you are found to be sleeping with your partner then we will have to take action, I hope that’s clear.”

 

“I hope he’s not talking about us,” Theo whispered to Draco.

 

“We don’t have sex, we’re fine,” Draco said, shooting him an amused look.

 

“It’s got to be Max and Emily,” Harry whispered.

 

“Hey, don’t judge,” Neville muttered, “It could be Blanche and Ophelia.”

 

“Oh, it could be,” Theo agreed, “Blanche wouldn’t know a dick if it slapped her in the face.”

 

Draco snorted, “Theo,” he hissed.

 

“What?” Harry asked in confusion.

 

“She fucks women, Harry,” Draco said, shooting his friend an amused look.

 

“Oh,” Harry realised, “Right!”

 

“So! Down to business then. You are going to get a couple of days off to wind down before the real training starts. However, I expect to see all of you in here sharp at 8 am on Wednesday,” Sumner said.

 

Sheppard then stepped into the lecture hall with an armful of parchment.

 

“Auror Sheppard is going to hand you a list of things you will require for this year,” Sumner said, “As well as your timetable.”

 

“It’s like being at school again,” Theo whispered, a little too loudly.

 

“Trust me, Nott, it’s much harder than school,” Sumner said harshly, “Now, I am sure that you are all eager to hear the course breakdown so here it is. Year one will probably be the most boring for a lot of the thrill-seekers here because there will be no field training. You will attend classes on the base here, some practical and some where you will need to tap into your academic side. I’m sure that will be easier for some of you than others,” he said as he looked directly at Harry’s group of friends, “Although at least you three dunderheads have Nott to help you through.”

 

Theo grinned proudly at this while Harry and Neville nodded, they knew they weren’t the most academically inclined. Draco, on the other hand, looked thoroughly insulted.

 

Sumner continued, “You will also continue with your physical training, and we will be giving you additional flying lessons so that you are all skilled fliers rather than competent fliers.”

 

Neville looked a little sheepish upon hearing that news.

 

“As you will see on your timetable Wednesday afternoons will be reserved for practising your healing magic. This will be a shared class with the trauma healers in your year because they will be the healers you will be working with on an everyday basis when you graduate.”

 

Neville looked up as soon as Sumner began to talk about shared classes and his face lit up.

 

“And Longbottom, if you lay a hand on your girlfriend while you’re at training, I will break it, and I will make you mend it,” Sumner barked, “These trauma healers are often women, pretty women. We don’t want you getting mixed up with the pretty women because then they get feelings and feelings are complicated when their job is to save your sorry arse when your guts are hanging out. Are we clear?”

 

“But she’s my girlfriend, sir,” Neville pointed out.

 

“Not when she’s here she’s not,” Sumner snapped, “When she’s in this building you are Recruit Longbottom, and she’s Trainee Trauma Healer Moon.”

 

“I’m pretty sure I’ve had that dream,” Neville whispered to Harry.

 

Harry had to bit his lip to hide his amused grin.

 

“As you can also see on your timetable, Friday afternoons will be reserved for the use of the simulation room,” Sumner continued, “That is what we used to conduct your tests. It can become anything, and as you know, the scenarios depicted are very realistic. We will be giving you mock missions every Friday, and sometimes you will be competing with the other pairs, but sometimes you will be working together as part of a large team.”

 

Sumner paused and looked around, “Are there any other questions about the first year?”

 

Harry raised his hand, “Can we stay off base now that isolation is over, sir?”

 

“Yes Potter, you may,” Sumner said, “There are dorms here for those who require them, but you may commute in as you would with any other job. Any other questions?”

 

Nobody raised their hand, so Sumner said, “Right, year two then. At the moment we call you Recruits, but in your second year, you become Trainees. You will be permitted to observe Aurors in the DMLE and also Hit Wizards if any of them take a liking to you and want to drag you along on a case. You can provide assistance, but you will never be working on your own, and you certainly won’t be going out into the field without at least two Aurors present. There are limits to the sorts of cases that you can work as well. The big cases will be completely off-limits. Understood?”

 

Everyone nodded.

 

“In year three, you are still a Trainee Auror, but you are effectively on probation,” Sumner continued, “You will be free to work unsupervised on any cases that you are assigned, but you will be tested and observed at varying points by myself or another Senior Auror. If at any point you fail to meet the standards we require, we can kick you out. Do you all understand?”

 

Everyone nodded once more.

 

“After you finish your third year, you will be given your badge, and you will officially become a fully qualified Auror. At that point, and that point only, you will have job security. Is that clear?”

 

“Yes, sir,” Everyone in the room echoed.

 

Harry supposed that to some people that was scary, to some people, it meant a lot of pressure. Luckily for Harry, because of his family money and the family money owed to Daphne upon her marriage, he could afford to lose his job without devastating his family. He did know that his family money wouldn’t last forever though, and Daphne’s inheritance relied on whether her Uncle Phineas would grant the request. Given the fact that she hadn’t seen him in years, she was doubtful.

 

“Alright then,” Sumner said, “Get yourselves home and showered, Potter shave that ridiculous thing off. Enjoy your free time, and I will see you all on Wednesday morning.”

 

There was a lot of noise as everyone got up to leave the room, amongst it the four boys chatted amongst themselves.

 

“Have you seen this timetable? It is literally just like school, look at all of these lectures!” Theo complained, “Disguise, Tracking, Interrogation Training, Stealth, Law & Ethics!”

 

“Oh look, Theo, your favourite subject is on here!” Neville exclaimed, “Muggle Relations!”

 

Harry and Draco sniggered at this while Theo glared at Neville, “Very funny.”

 

“I actually like the look of this timetable,” Neville admitted, “There’s even Herbology lab.”

 

“I don’t see what plants have to do with being an Auror,” Theo muttered huffily.

 

“Well knowing your plants is kind of crucial when it comes to potion brewing,” Draco pointed, “And I also noticed that Potions lab was on the timetable. I assume they want us to be able to select potion ingredients and make potions ourselves in case we’re ever stranded somewhere and need to do it.”

 

“That would make sense,” Harry said as he scanned the timetable, “Some of the stuff on here looks interesting like Code Deciphering, that could be fun.”

 

“I bet you’re gonna love Monday afternoons,” Draco said sarcastically.

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “Because it’s mind magic? Very funny. As long as nobody pokes around my head and looks at my dreams just to taunt me like Snape did then I think I’ll be just fine.”

 

“He makes a good point,” Neville said.

 

“Of course you’re going to side with him!” Draco argued as the group left the building, “You’re his Auror partner!”

 

And the bickering that had commenced lasted all the way to the gate.

 

 

“Come on, Teddy, we’re going to be late,” Daphne said as she grabbed the little boy and threw some floo powder into the fireplace. She held him tightly to her as she said, “The Burrow.”

 

They whizzed through chimney after chimney before they reached their destination. Daphne stepped out into the kitchen and smiled at Molly, “Can I help with anything, Molly?”

 

“No, no dear,” Molly said cheerfully, “The others are all outside setting up. These lunches won’t be outside for much longer though.”

 

Daphne nodded and steered Teddy through the kitchen, “That’s true, the weather will turn soon,” she said as they stepped outside.

 

She scanned the garden a little nervously and chuckled when she saw Bill, Charlie and George fighting with the three picnic tables that they were supposed to be setting up for their mother.

 

“Welcome to the family, Daphne.”

 

Daphne jumped and turned around. She hadn’t seen Ron standing so close to the backdoor, “Oh, hey Ron.”

 

Ron smiled slightly, “How are you guys getting on?”

 

“Good,” Daphne replied, “Or at least we will be when Harry is finally freed from his isolation. How are things with you and Katie?”

 

“As good as they can be,” Ron said honestly, “We aren’t together, we gave it a good try, but it was a one night stand. We only tried to make it work because of the baby, and that’s not healthy.”

 

“No,” Daphne agreed, “You can be good parents without being together as long as you can work as a team.”

 

“That was what we agreed,” Ron said with a nod, “Speaking of parenting, you seem to be doing a good job.”

 

Daphne smiled down at Teddy, “We do what we can, but things are hectic right now with our new jobs. Everything is up in the air; once things are a bit more stable, everything will become a little more official.”

 

Ron’s eyes sparkled with realisation, “Oh, so that is happening?”

 

“It’s happening,” Daphne said, “Just not yet. Why are you standing here looking so broody by the way?”

 

“Ginny has been glaring at me since I got here,” Ron said.

 

Daphne turned around and followed his line of sight. On the other side of the table fight, Ginny stood next to Blaise, and she did indeed look incredibly pissed off with her brother.

 

“Is she still pissed that your mother was so angry when she got pregnant but so okay with you becoming a father?” Daphne asked. She grabbed Teddy’s hand as the little boy tried to toddle towards the table fight.

 

“No, she’s over that,” Ron said, “At the moment she’s pissed off because she thinks I’m stealing her thunder. Katie is due on the 24th of October, and Ginny is due on the 7th of November. If Katie goes late and Ginny goes early, the babies could be born really close together.”

 

“Well, to be honest, I don’t really blame her for being pissed off about that,” Daphne said with a slight smile, “When you think about it, do you?”

 

“No, I get it,” Ron said honestly, “But she’s being irrational about it.”

 

“She’s pregnant and therefore very hormonal,” Daphne said as the table fight came to an end. It looked like Bill had won, “Give her time,” she said.

 

Ron nodded and walked away to talk to one of his brothers. Shortly after he had done so, Hermione stepped through the backdoor.

 

“Good afternoon Daph. Are you ready?”

 

Daphne nodded, “As ready as I’ll ever be,” she admitted.

 

“Why don’t you take Teddy over to Fleur and settle him?” Hermione asked gently, “I’ll go and grab Bill. I’ll ask if we can go somewhere alone and then you can come and meet us in the orchard where everyone plays Quidditch, okay?”

 

“Okay,” Daphne said a little shakily, “Come on, Ted, let’s go and see Auntie Fleur.”

 

Hermione strode across the garden to the spot where Bill was holding an open bottle of beer and laughing about something with Charlie, “Bill, I need to talk to you.”

 

Bill held out a bottle of beer, “Talk to me. I’m right here.”

 

“I mean in private,” Hermione said, “Somewhere secluded like the orchard.”

 

Bill whistled, “I know you had a crush on me when you were little Hermione, but I’m a happily married man now.”

 

“I’m serious, Bill,” Hermione said sternly, “And for the record, it was Charlie I had a crush on.”

 

Charlie grinned, “Yes, give me five Mione!”

 

Hermione chuckled and hi-fived him. When she turned back to Bill, he was no longer smiling, “You’re serious, aren’t you?”

 

“Yes, I am,” Hermione said.

 

“Alright, let’s go,” Bill said as he handed Charlie his beer, “I would tell you to look after that until I came back, but I know you’ll just drink it so be my guest.”

 

“It will be gone before you hit the gate!” Charlie called after them.

 

Bill shook his head in amusement and asked, “Is it Harry? Is something wrong?”

 

“Harry is fine,” Hermione said, “Or at least, I think he is. He, Draco, Neville and Theo have been in isolation for the last two weeks, but I would have thought they would have informed me if they weren’t okay.”

 

“What is going on then?” Bill asked, “Because you don’t get all serious for nothing, Hermione. Not these days anyway.”

 

“Something is going on,” Hermione said, “But I’ll explain when we get to the orchard.”

 

Bill nodded and said no more. They reached the gate and slipped through it. Then they made their way to the orchard where the leaves had just started to fall from the trees.

 

“Come on, what’s going on?”

 

“It’s not my story to tell,” Hermione said as she glanced behind, “We’re waiting for someone else.”

 

“You’re acting all cloak and dagger here,” Bill said, he frowned, and for the first time he looked suspicious. It was one of the few times when Hermione could tell that he was a serious Curse Breaker with a vital job and a sense of paranoia that came from the war.

 

When he heard shuffling in the woods, he reached for his wand but sighed with relief when Daphne walked into the clearing.

 

“Daphne? What on earth is going on?” Bill asked as he looked between her and Hermione.

 

Hermione looked pointedly at Daphne; after all, she had to be the one to tell Bill.

 

“Look I don’t think there’s an easy way to say this Bill, so I’m just going to say it,” Daphne took a deep breath, “But Stuart Fawley has been blackmailing me ever since you made him my mentor and on Friday, he sexually assaulted me.”

 

“What?” Bill asked sharply.

 

“I know it’s probably hard for you to believe,” Daphne said quickly, “You trained together and you’ve worked together for years, but I swear Bill, I’m an honest person, I wouldn’t lie about this-”

 

“No, stop right there,” Bill said, “I don’t know what the hell Fawley told you, but he and I don’t share some special bond just because we trained together. He was a prick when I first met him, and he’s still a prick now so please Daphne, don’t worry about me not believing you. Just tell me what he did.”

 

Daphne breathed a little shakily, “To begin with he just made inappropriate comments and rubbed my leg against his. Then he started stroking my leg with his hand but on Friday…”

 

Hermione grabbed Daphne’s hand, “It’s okay.”

 

“He took me to this cursed cottage,” Daphne said, “And when I stepped inside, this wave of magic washed over me. It felt like the imperius curse, he kissed me, and he started to…to take my clothes off, and I couldn’t control it.”

 

“That despicable piece of shit,” Bill growled, “Please tell me he didn’t rape you?”

 

Daphne shook her head and looked down, “He didn’t get that far. I managed to snap out of it but he…” she cleared her throat, “He went too far.”

 

“Yeah, he fucking did,” Bill said, turning away from Daphne as his eyes flashed angrily.

 

Hermione stepped forward carefully and whispered, “When is the moon?”

 

“Tonight,” Bill muttered.

 

“Bill,” Hermione said, tentatively placing her hand on his arm, “You need to calm down.”

 

Bill breathed in deeply and counted to ten. When he opened his eyes, they were blue again, and Hermione breathed a sigh of relief, “You’re in the clear.”

 

“I’m sorry, Bill,” Daphne said quietly, “I didn’t mean to make you angry, especially today.”

 

Bill shook his head, “Don’t apologise, okay? You have nothing to apologise for. He is in the wrong here, nobody else.”

 

“So I won’t lose my job?” Daphne asked, looking up at him.

 

“Of course you won’t,” Bill said, “Do you have any evidence to support the fact he took you to that cottage knowingly?”

 

Daphne held out the letter. Bill scanned it and swallowed hard, his eyes flashing amber once more.

 

“Bill,” Hermione warned him. It was the same tone you would take with a dog that wasn’t obeying orders.

 

All the same, it worked. Bill took a deep breath once more and blew it out, “Sorry.”

 

Daphne looked at him nervously, “It’s okay.”

 

“Merlin,” Bill said with a shake of his head, “I am so sorry, Daphne.”

 

“It wasn’t your fault Bill.”

 

“And it wasn’t yours either,” Bill told her, “It was entirely his fault, and he will pay for this!”

 

“What will happen, Bill?” Hermione asked, “Daphne hasn’t been in the job long, and she’s still in training. Does she have a right to legal representation?”

 

“Of she does!” Bill exclaimed, “It doesn’t matter how long you have worked for us or in what capacity. Everybody who works for Gringotts is entitled to legal representation.”

 

“Surely that means that Fawley is entitled to it too?” Hermione pointed out.

 

“Yes, he is,” Bill said, “But I’m the one who sits at the head of the review board, so trust me, that doesn’t mean shit. He is going to go down for this; he will never work in a respected institute or be allowed to be in a position of power again.”

 

“Does that mean it has to go to the courts?” Daphne asked anxiously.

 

“There are two ways that we can do it,” Bill said, “It can go through the courts, and he might well receive jail time. The other option is to do it through an independent review within the bank.”

 

“If it was an independent review, would there be any press coverage?” Daphne asked.

 

“No, it would be completely private, and the record would be sealed,” Bill replied, “But the worst that could happen is that he could be dismissed without a referral. Is that enough for you?”

 

Daphne nodded, “That’s fine. I don’t want the press to find out. The longer I can keep it from Harry, the better.”

 

“I understand why you don’t want to tell him,” Bill said, “I know what his temper is like but let me give you a word of advice. Harry is going to find out sooner than later, and it would be much better if it came from you.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said quietly.

 

“And when you do tell Harry,” Bill added, “Which will be tonight, let him know that Fawley likes to spend his Sunday evenings gambling in Knockturn alley.”

 

Daphne looked up in surprise.

 

Bill smirked rather wickedly and tapped his nose, “But you didn’t hear it from me.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “I heard nothing.”

 

“Good,” Bill said, “Now, first thing tomorrow morning we will have the review then you can go home for the rest of the day. I can give you the whole week off if you need it.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “No, I’ll be back first thing on Tuesday. But…does this mean I need to go back to the cursed room?”

 

Bill shook his head, “Your talents were wasted there, don’t worry. You’ll be doing the same job. I’ll just find you a competent mentor.”

 

“Thank you, Bill,” Daphne said gratefully.

 

Bill shook his head, “Don’t thank me, I’m just doing the right thing. You should have come to me sooner. I feel terrible that you let it get this bad.”

 

“I’m sorry, I just…I didn’t know how to, and I was so afraid I would lose my job,” Daphne said.

 

Bill nodded, “I understand why you didn’t, and I promise, I will sort all of this out. Just come to my office at 9 am on Tuesday, and we’ll make sure Fawley never sets foot in Gringotts again.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


The moment Theo stepped into the dimly lit kitchen of the home that he shared with Sadie, he was almost knocked off his feet.

 

“Oomph – Sadie!”

 

“Sorry,” Sadie said sheepishly as she grabbed his arm to steady him, “It’s just been the most awful two weeks, and I’ve missed you so much.”

 

Theo pulled her closer and kissed her on the top of the head, “I’ve missed you too, but I want to know why you’ve had an awful two weeks. Are you okay? Did something happen in Egypt?”

 

“It’s fine Theo, you don’t want all my doom and gloom,” Sadie said offhandedly as she pulled back from the hug, “Why don’t you just tell me all about isolation instead?”

 

“I don’t want to talk about the two weeks of hell I had to endure with Draco,” Theo began to joke as he pulled away from her, “So – lumos – why don’t you tell me about, holy shit Sadie!”

 

Sadie jumped in alarm, “What?”

 

“You look ill,” Theo said, he stepped closer to her and cupped her face with his hands, “You’re lying, about something happening in Egypt.”

 

“Nothing happened in Egypt,” Sadie promised, “It just disagreed with me.”

 

“Forget about my two weeks,” Theo said as he shoved her into a kitchen chair, “Tell me why you look like you need to be admitted to St. Mungo’s.”

 

Sadie sighed, “Well, I probably look a little grey because I’m struggling to keep anything down. It’s just the Egyptian food; it really made me ill. You know that I can’t handle spicy food or exotic food in general, I’ve been feeling better since I got home, but my stomach still hasn’t settled yet.”

 

Theo didn’t look entirely convinced by that, “And there’s nothing more to it than a funny belly? Because there’s a sparkle in your eyes that’s missing.”

 

Sadie sighed again and glanced down to avoid his gaze, “Honestly, Theo, it’s Egypt. I hate it. I hate everything about it. The class division is disgusting, there are beggars all over the streets, and then you have the wizarding buildings which are literally paved with gold. Then there are the people on the course, they are horrible! Every single one of them has a famous daddy who invented some shitty invention or a famous mummy who is going to be Australian Minister for Magic one day. I don’t fit in with them at all.”

 

Theo smiled slightly, “Love, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but your daddy invented the sneakoscope, and he’s pretty famous for that. And your mummy is a pretty famous criminal law attorney.”

 

“Yeah but I don’t go around rubbing that in everyone’s face, Theo!” Sadie snapped, “Ugh, you just don’t get it! I’m not a privileged bitch. I’m not!”

 

“Sadie, calm down,” Theo said quickly, “I didn’t say that.”

 

“You were thinking it!”

 

“No, I wasn’t,” Theo said gently, “You know me pretty well, but you don’t always know what I’m thinking. Are you sure you’re feeling alright?”

 

“I’m fine!” Sadie said irritably, “I just hate Egypt! The course isn’t even what I expected, and I hate it!”

 

She got to her feet in the middle of her rant and began to take her frustration out on Theo. With every point she hit him in the chest, “I hate the thought of going back there!”

 

“I hate being surrounded by those people!”

 

“I hate being away from you for two weeks at a time!”

 

“I hate it!”

 

“Alright, alright,” Theo said, he grabbed her hands and pulled her into a hug so that she couldn’t hit him anymore. Her voice had begun to shake towards the end of her rant, and Theo could tell that she was crying against his chest. He could feel her body shaking, he shut his eyes and whispered, “It’s alright, you don’t have to go anywhere for the next two weeks, and I’ll be here to look after you. Okay, baby?”

 

Sadie nodded against his chest, “Okay,” she whispered.

 

“And at the end of those two weeks, if you don’t want to go back then we’ll look at your options,” Theo promised her, “If you hate it then there’s no point making yourself miserable for the next year.”

 

Sadie pulled back and looked at him with bloodstained eyes, she shook her head, “I can’t back out on it now that I’ve started.”

 

“We’ll just have to find a way to make you love it then,” Theo said as he drew her closer again and kissed her lips softly, “I’m sure we’ll find a way.”

 

Sadie smiled tearfully, “I love you, and I’ve missed you so much.”

 

“I’ve missed you too,” Theo said, and it came from the heart, “I’ve just spent two weeks spilling my heart to Draco. I think we probably know everything there is to know about each other now. But all I wanted was to tell you about it, and you weren’t there. I hated it too baby, I really did.”

 

Sadie nodded; she buried her face into his shirt and sighed, “What are we going to do?”

 

“I don’t know,” Theo said honestly, “But we’ll work it out. We always do, don’t we?”

 

She nodded again and held him tightly, “Yeah, we always do.”

 

 

When Neville stepped into the kitchen of Longbottom House, he felt utterly exhausted. He wanted a hot bath then he wanted to collapse in his lovely, comfortable king-size bed. Sleeping on a bunk bed with Harry’s loud snoring keeping him awake wasn’t his idea of fun.

 

He yawned as he trudged through the dark, empty kitchen. He dumped his bag by the door; he knew that their lovely house elf would do his laundry even though he never asked her to do it. Lilly had picked a good one there. He felt a pang that was becoming very familiar when he thought about Lilly. He knew that all of his friends were going home to their other halves tonight, but Neville wasn’t expecting to see Lilly until the following weekend. After all, she was only allowed to leave the training centre between 9 pm on a Friday, and 7 am on a Monday. Then there was her travel time to consider between those times as well, so Neville knew that it wasn’t worth her time to come over for one night.

 

There had been a tiny glimmer of hope that had died when he stepped into the empty kitchen. It didn’t mean anything anyway; he kept telling himself that as he made his way upstairs in the house which had become very familiar to him.

 

By the time he reached the door to his bedroom, he couldn’t be bothered with the bath that he had previously been looking forward to. Instead, he decided just to collapse into his bed, he opened the door and lazily murmured, “Lumos.”

 

The light flew from his wand into a lamp on the bedside table.

 

“Hey.”

 

Neville jumped out of his skin and fell back against the door. He should have been able to feel that something was different, but he was just too tired to notice, so he really hadn’t expected to turn on the light and find somebody in his bed.

 

That somebody was, of course, Lilly and she was currently cackling.

 

Neville picked himself up and tried to slow his racing heart, “Coming home to find you naked in our bed would have been hot if you hadn’t just about killed me and the cackling is a definite turn off.”

 

Lilly grinned and threw a pillow at him, “I came all the way from France just to shag you tonight so watch your mouth, Longbottom! I can quite easily just go back to France and leave you frustrated for another two weeks.”

 

“Oh no, no,” Neville said as he walked towards the bed, “No way Lillian Moon. You don’t get to come in here trying to give a man a heart attack then run off without apologising.”

 

Lilly chuckled, as soon as he was close enough, she grabbed him and pulled him onto the bed, “How was isolation?”

 

“Isolating, and totally not what I want to talk about right now,” Neville said as he pulled his t-shirt off.

 

“What if I want to hear about it?”

 

“I’ll tell you about it later,” Neville said, he slipped his jeans off and threw them across the room.

 

“Did you and Harry bond?” Lilly asked, raising an eyebrow at him.

 

“Do you really wanna talk about Harry right now?” Neville said, taking his boxers off and climbing into bed with her, “Because I don’t. I want to enjoy the only night I’m going to get with you for two weeks.”

 

“I think I can live with that.”

 

 

Neville kept his promise, as he lay in bed with Lilly wrapped up in his arms, he told her about isolation, “I spent two weeks straight with Harry in the Forest of Dean. We had a lot of heart to hearts and a couple of fights, and we ate way too much bloody rabbit. I never want to eat it again if I’m honest.”

 

Lilly smiled slightly, “I think you secretly enjoyed it.”

 

“It’s no secret,” Neville said with a smile, “I did enjoy it. Harry said I was his best friend.”

 

Lilly frowned, “Uh…yeah? Everyone knows that.”

 

“I didn’t know that,” Neville said as he looked down at her, “I thought Ron and Hermione were his best friends. As it turns out, it’s a whole other thing between him and Hermione, but he said that I’m his best friend.”

 

“So you’re just replacing me now that I’m shagging you, huh?” Lilly teased, “All those Spice Girls concerts and Quidditch World Cup games just mean nothing now, I guess.”

 

Neville laughed heartily at that and kissed the top of her head. He shut his eyes and smiled at the smell of her hair, it was stupid, but he wanted to remember all of these little details for the times when they were apart, “I love you so much Lil and I can’t tell you how happy I am about this whole Wednesday afternoon joint class.”

 

Lilly’s eyes lit up, “Oh, I know! We will have to work but still, getting to see you will be amazing. It also means that we’ll get to work together in simulated situations before we graduate which means you’ll be able to see that I’m not going to get myself killed on my first day on the job.”

 

Neville doubted that anything would ease his worries, but he didn’t want to tell Lilly that. Instead, he smiled and said, “I hadn’t thought about it like that, but that’s true. Anyway, how is your new life in Amiens?”

 

“It’s pretty amazing,” Lilly admitted, “I just wish I could move it all to England so that I could see you every day, but I love it. My mentor is called Clara Selwyn, and she’s from Britain too. She ran away to France because her brother was a Death Eater and she’s been there for years, but she’s getting kind of sick of it because her fiancé works over here-”

 

“Yeah, I know, her fiancé is Sorenson,” Neville cut in, “Sadie’s brother.”

 

“How did you know that?” Lilly asked in surprise.

 

“Because I spoke to her for ages at Sadie and Theo’s wedding while you were getting drunk with Daphne and Hermione,” Neville said as he shot a grin her way.

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Great, that’s really embarrassing. I felt bad that I didn’t know that, being so close with Sadie and all but Clara didn’t seem bothered by it. She’s really nice; I get to shadow her so I see all of the operations she does and I also help with her rounds in the wards. Once she’s satisfied with my scores in the written tests and my answers during observation, she’s going to let me assist on operations.”

 

“It sounds like you love it,” Neville said with a small smile.

 

“I do,” Lilly said eagerly, “After the first six months are over I’ll get to come home to you boys and observe or assist in the field too. To be honest, the only thing I don’t like about the course is Marcel.”

 

“That sounds like a sleazy name.”

 

“It belongs to a sleazy guy,” Lilly said distastefully, “He’s French, and he flirts with me all of the time. When I say all of the time, by the way, I literally mean all of the time. The other day we were getting ready to go and observe a guy getting life or death surgery. We were getting prepped to go in, and I was trying to get ready to see someone die in front of me then Marcel started flirting with me.”

 

“Just threaten him and tell him to leave you alone,” Neville said as he ran his hand along her spine, “You’re short but scary, I’m sure it would work.”

 

“No, he just doesn’t seem to get the message,” Lilly said with a roll of her eyes, “I tried to tell him to stop every single time, but he kept doing it. I spoke to Clara, and she said if he kept making comments, she would have a formal word with him about it.”

 

“I’ll have a ‘formal’ word with him about it too,” Neville said with a mischievous glint in his eyes, “I’ll see him when I come to visit you next weekend.”

 

“You’re going to threaten him, aren’t you?”

 

“Yep,” Neville chirped, “Do you have a problem with that?”

 

“Nope, I think it’s pretty hot,” Lilly grinned.

 

“Good, because I’m going to tell him if he doesn’t leave my girlfriend alone, that I happen to know where to find the sword of Gryffindor and how to use it.”

 

Lilly’s grin widened, “Oh, you definitely know how to use that sword,” she whispered as she caught his lips in a kiss.

 

 

Daphne had been sitting in an uncomfortable chair in the kitchen for the last half an hour. Her eyes kept flickering over towards the fireplace as she waited for Harry to get home. She had it all planned out. She would offer him a cup of tea, ask about his week and then calmly explain everything to him.

 

All the same, she hadn’t felt this nervous in a long time. She was strong; she was calm; she was cool; she was the ice queen. This shouldn’t have upset her as much as it had, she kept telling herself that she was being silly, but that didn’t make her feel any less sick to her stomach about the events of the past week.

 

When the floo did eventually whir to life, Daphne jumped out of her skin because the room had been entirely silent up to that point. She watched the flames warp anxiously, and after what felt like forever, Harry stepped out.

 

He looked around the room, probably expecting it to be empty but then his eyes fell on Daphne. He started to smile, but then a frown began to form on his face, “Daph, what’s wrong?”

 

The look on her face told him that something was seriously wrong and his first thought was to panic.

 

“What’s happened?” Harry asked as he pulled her to her feet and enveloped her in a hug. The moment he wrapped his arms around her, she began to cry quietly. As a whole Daphne didn’t sob. The only exception had been when she finally let herself break down over Tracey’s death.

 

“Daph,” Harry whispered as he held her tightly, “Please tell me you’re okay. Did someone hurt you? Tell me what’s going on, please.”

 

Her body shook in his arms, and he closed his eyes tightly. His worst fear had been realised, he had been gone for two weeks, and someone had hurt her. He hadn’t been there to protect her; it was just like he had told Neville that he feared.

 

“I’ve been so scared,” Daphne said breathlessly, “I don’t know how to tell you and…I…I…please don’t leave me, Harry, I’m so sorry.”

 

“Daphne, calm down,” Harry said in the most soothing voice that he could muster, “What are you talking about? I would never leave you, why would you say that?”

 

“Because of what he did,” Daphne said through a sob.

 

Harry’s entire body went tense, “What? What who did? What happened, and who did it?”

 

Daphne pulled back from the hug, her eyes were red and bloodshot, and she couldn’t look him in the eye, “I…about a week ago I got paired up with a mentor at work and…and…”

 

“And what, Daphne?”

 

Daphne shut her eyes tightly. Harry sighed, he could tell that it was tough for her to say what she needed to say, so he picked her up and sat down in one of the kitchen chairs with her on his lap.

 

Daphne instantly hid her head in his chest and said very quickly, “He sexually assaulted me and blackmailed me all week. It started with just comments, and he would rub his leg against mine underneath the desk…”

 

She told him the entire story, and throughout it all, Harry did not say a single word. He listened with a face that gave nothing away and Daphne spilled it all out. She cried, and she stumbled over her words, and she didn’t look him in the eye once because she just couldn’t face the shame and disappointment that she knew she would see there.

 

When she had finally told him how the story ended, how she had eventually told Bill earlier that day and that Fawley would be punished, she looked up at Harry with wide, terrified eyes.

 

“Why are you looking at me like that?” Harry asked in an emotionless tone, “None of this is your fault.”

 

“But it still happened.”

 

“It happened to you Daphne,” Harry said as he got up and set her down on the chair, “You didn’t make it happen.”

 

Daphne looked at him, warily, “But he…”

 

“He violated you,” Harry said, rage creeping into his voice, “He used you, and he hurt you. Nobody gets to treat you like that, do you understand me? Because you might have thawed, but you are still a queen to me. You are selfless, you have a beautiful soul, you are kind, you are intelligent, you are brave, and you are perfect.”

 

Daphne blinked the tears out of her eyes and hugged him tightly, “I love you.”

 

“I love you too,” Harry promised. He wrapped his arms around, “So much, and this does not change that. Do you understand?”

 

She nodded, but there was nothing else that she could say to him. Harry put an arm around her waist and gently led her upstairs. He said she needed sleep because she looked exhausted and truth be told, she felt it.

 

He sat silently by her dresser while she changed and got ready for bed. Then he lay with her, and she was asleep faster than she had been in weeks. The comforting beat of his heart, the familiar smell of him and the circular motions that his hand was rubbing on her back lulled her into a peaceful sleep.

 

Once she was asleep, Harry got to his feet and tiptoed out of the bedroom. He walked into the drawing-room, and his eyes were drawn to the drinks cabinet.

 

“Don’t you dare, Harry James Potter.”

 

“I won’t,” Harry told his mother, who was watching him suspiciously from the frame of her portrait. He threw some floo powder into the fire and said, “11 Grimmauld Place.”

 

Sadie’s face appeared in the fire quickly, “How is she?”

 

“She’s asleep,” Harry said quietly, “Can you come over to keep watch? There’s something I need to do.”

 

“Harry,” Sadie began to say, “If you kill him-”

 

“I’m not going to kill him, Sadie,” Harry snapped, “But it is taking everything ounce of self-control that I have right now not to open the bottle of Ogdens in that cupboard. So I need to go to the person who keeps my temper in check and makes sure that I don’t kill fucking bastards like this!”

 

“Neville,” Sadie said softly.

 

Harry bowed his head, “Yeah. But I can’t leave her alone, Sadie.”

 

“I know,” Sadie said, “Stand back, I’m coming through.”

 

“Before you do, tell Theo to get Draco and be here in ten minutes. Okay?”

 

Sadie nodded, and Harry stood back from the fireplace. A few minutes later, she stepped out of the fire.

 

She kissed him on the cheek and said, “Don’t do anything stupid.”

 

Harry sighed but nodded. “Make yourself at home, okay?”

 

Sadie just nodded in response.

 

As soon as she left the room, Harry conjured a Patronus and said, “Neville, you remember that chat we had in the Forest of Dean about how I should come to you if I felt like I was going to do something stupid that would put me in Azkaban? Well, I’m testing your loyalty. I need you right now.”

 

He sent the Patronus to Neville and sunk into one of the hard wooden chairs. How could he have let this happen? This was all his fault if he had just been here…if he had been able to help her, if-

 

“Floo signature, Neville Longbottom.”

 

“Access granted,” Harry said, he hadn’t expected Neville to arrive so quickly.

 

The floo roared to life, and Neville folded himself out of the fireplace.

 

“Good, you’re wearing a cardigan. I need the cardigan-wearing Neville right now.”

 

“What’s going on, Harry?”

 

“Can you please stop me killing someone?”

 

“Woah, rewind,” Neville said quickly, “Who are you killing and why are you killing them?”

 

“Floo signatures, Draco Black and Theodore Nott.”

 

“Access Granted.”

 

The floo roared to life for the second time, and Draco stepped through with Theo hot on his heels.

 

“What’s going on? Theo just said I was urgently needed here,” Draco said as he frowned around at all the serious faces.

 

“Is someone hurt?” Theo asked nervously.

 

“I don’t want to get into it in detail,” Harry said, “But Daphne got paired up with a mentor at work, and the fucking bastard tried it on with her, got told no and then blackmailed her and sexually assaulted her.”

 

“What?” Theo hissed, “By sexual assault do you mean-”

 

“Not that far but pretty fucking unacceptable all the same,” Harry said, “So we are going to go and deal with him.”

 

“And by deal do you mean kill?” Theo asked, “Because if so I would suggest we take him to muggle ground, somewhere isolated where they wouldn’t think to send cadaver dogs.”

 

“Or we cut him up and portkey his body parts into different oceans,” Draco said, “The muggle authorities are useless when it comes to working together so they would never be able to solve it.”

 

“Right Bonnie and Clyde, we’re here to stop Harry murdering this guy, not to help him,” Neville told them.

 

“Why? He hurt Daphne; he deserves to fucking die,” Theo said.

 

Draco and Neville looked at him in disbelief.

 

“She’s my family, guys,” Theo said, “I know we act like we don’t like each other, but she’s my cousin, and nobody treats my family like that.”

 

Draco gripped Theo’s wrist, “Calm down, Theo. She means a lot to all of us, but landing ourselves in Azkaban isn't going to help her. Is it?”

 

“Guys,” Harry said, his voice shook, “We need to do something. I’m going to flip, you have no idea how close I am to losing it right now,” Harry said in a dangerous tone of voice.

 

“Okay, Harry, I’m sorry. How do we find him?” Draco asked.

 

“He gambles in Knockturn on a Sunday night,” Harry said.

 

“So we want to catch him on his own and whizz him away to somewhere isolated,” Theo said, “How about I lure him into the bathroom, and Draco knocks him out then we side apparate him to St. Kilda?”

 

“Where?”

 

“Scottish island, it’s in the middle of nowhere with no inhabitants,” Theo said, “Once we get him there, we bind him, and then we wake him up and hex him within an inch of his life.”

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah, I like that plan. Let’s go.”

 

“You aren’t going to Knockturn Alley right now,” Neville said, he grabbed his friends arm, “If someone dodgy so much as looks the wrong way at you, you would knock them out.”

 

“You’re right,” Harry admitted grudgingly, “Draco, Theo; would you two mind playing fetch?”

 

Draco and Theo smirked at each other, “It would be our pleasure,” Draco said maliciously.

 

“We’ll meet you on St. Kilda,” Neville said, “Bring him to us in one piece. Harry deserves to destroy this guy, not us.”

 

“Yes boss,” Theo joked as he and Draco headed for the front door so that they could apparate down to Knockturn Alley.

 

 

When Stuart Fawley woke up, the first thing he was aware of was that he was freezing. The second thing was that he couldn’t move his hands or legs. He jolted awake sharply and looked around; he was tied to a chair in what appeared to be the middle of nowhere. He could hear the ocean crashing against the shore, and there was the distinctive salty aroma of seaweed in the air.

 

There were no street lights, only the dim light of the full moon. His sense of dread kicked in when he heard a distant howl.

 

“Don’t try and work out where you are,” A voice from the shadows said, “You never will and knowing won’t help you anyway.”

 

“Who are you?” Fawley asked. He sounded far less afraid than he was.

 

“I’m glad you asked that,” The voice said as it got closer, “My name is Theodore Nott which probably means nothing to you, but it should because – Lumos – Daphne is my cousin, but I love her like a sister.”

 

Fawley swallowed as he looked into Theo’s enraged face, “Look, man, this has been a misunderstanding.”

 

“Oh, there is no misunderstanding here,” Another voice said, a smoother one, “We know exactly what you did to Daphne.”

 

“We?” Fawley asked. The panic was beginning to show in his voice now.

 

“I’m Draco Black, formerly Malfoy. I suspect you have heard of me. My Father is rotting in a commonwealth prison for torturing scumbags like you and – Lumos – I’m one of Daphne’s best friends, not to mention her first love.”

 

Fawley already looked terrified, which pleased Draco and Theo immensely because they were only the warm-up act.

 

“It’s not what you think, really,” Fawley said quickly, “I just kissed her, how was I to know that she wasn’t into it?”

 

“Of course you knew that she wasn’t into it,” A third voice said from the darkness, “But you forced yourself on her anyway.”

 

“Oh for the love of Merlin,” Fawley muttered, “Who are you people?”

 

“I’m Neville Longbottom. If the name rings a bell it’s because I got famous when I beheaded Voldemort’s snake last year and – Lumos – I’m here because I have one vital job to do tonight.”

 

“What was that job again, Neville?” Theo asked.

 

“To stop me from doing something that will land me in Azkaban,” A fourth voice said, “You see Fawley, I have a bit of a temper.”

 

“And who are you, my would-be assassin?”

 

“My name is Harry Potter and – Lumos – nobody fucks with my fiancé.”

 

 

“Harry!” Daphne exclaimed when Harry got back.

 

“She woke up not long after you left,” Sadie said by way of explanation, “All the tea in the world couldn’t calm her down when she realised where you were.”

 

Harry pulled Daphne into his arms, and Sadie eyed his bruised and scratched knuckles, “Are you okay?”

 

Harry nodded, “Everyone is fine, and Fawley is alive,” he promised his fiancé.

 

Daphne drew back. She wasn’t crying anymore; her ice queen façade was back up. He knew that would bring its own challenges, she bottled everything up, but if she carried on that way, she would explode.

 

“What did you do to him?” Daphne asked, her eyes searching his.

 

“Let’s just say he’ll be spending quite a bit of time getting acquainted with four white walls in St. Mungo’s,” Harry said cryptically.

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow, “You’re not going to tell me any more than that, are you?”

 

“I don’t think you need to know the ins and outs of it,” Harry said, “More to the point, I don’t think you want to. After all, it’s not going to make what he did to you go away, is it?”

 

“No,” Daphne agreed. Her icy blue eyes met his, “Nothing short of being obliviated can do that, but knowing that he suffered would give me satisfaction.”

 

Harry met her eyes, “Would it?”

 

Sadie stepped over and grabbed Daphne’s hand, “Would it?” she echoed, “Or would it just make you realise quite how dangerous your future husband is?”

 

“I know how dangerous he is, Sadie,” Daphne said, her eyes on Harry’s, “I know what he would do for the people that he loves… so what did you do to him?”

 

Harry let go of her arms and took a step back, “Okay, you want to know what I did to him? I had Neville hold him down while I stood on his crotch until he was screaming for mercy, I did that so he can never treat a woman the way he treated you, ever again. Then I let Theo beat the shit out of him for what he did to you.”

 

Daphne swallowed as a dark look passed through Harry’s eyes, “Then I broke his leg and told him that it would be better for everyone if he went to St Mungo's and told them he had a bad fall down the stairs because if he didn’t, I would find him and I would kill him, slowly and painfully. Starting by cutting off his balls and finishing by expelling his entrails while he was still alive.”

 

Sadie sighed and looked at her best friend, “Are you happy that you asked?”

 

“Yes,” Daphne said honestly, “I needed the closure. I needed to know that he got what he deserved.”

 

“I’m sorry,” Harry said, “I know I took it too far. Most guys would have just knocked him out.”

 

“You are not most guys,” Daphne said as she wrapped her arms around him, “You’ve lost too much.”

 

Harry melted into her embrace and glanced at Sadie, “You should go home. Theo made a real mess of his hands.”

 

Sadie nodded, “She’ll be okay now that you’re home,” she said.

 

And without another word, she disappeared through the floo.

 

“I’m sorry,” Harry murmured against Daphne’s neck, “I’m sorry for failing you.”

 

Daphne frowned at him, “You didn’t fail me, what are you talking about?”

 

“I promised myself that I would always protect you and Teddy,” Harry said, “When Neville and I were out there in the Forest of Dean I promised myself that. I failed because if I had been here, you would have told me and it wouldn’t have gotten as bad as it did.”

 

“The Forest of Dean? I thought you were in isolation on the base,” Daphne said.

 

“No, we had to spend two weeks doing survival training. They ditched all the Auror pairs in the middle of nowhere,” Harry said quickly, “But that wasn’t the point you were supposed to take away from what I just said.”

 

“I know, but frankly, I think you’re being stupid,” Daphne admitted, “I get that you have your whole hero complex and you think you’re Atlas, walking around carrying the woes of the whole wizarding world on your bloody shoulders but you are being stupid if you think this was your fault. You were working and I…I let it get that bad, I should have told someone sooner.”

 

“No, don’t you dare go down that road,” Harry said, “It wasn’t your fault, none of it was your fault. He blackmailed you; he twisted your thoughts so that you would be too scared to talk to anyone about it. That’s what sick bastards like him do; you acted exactly the way he planned for you to act.”

 

Daphne sighed, “And why? I’m supposed to be strong. They called me the ice queen. Why did I let this happen to me?”

 

“You didn’t let it happen to you,” Harry said firmly, “It was a shitty thing that happened to you; it wasn’t something that you could control. You’ve wanted to be a Curse Breaker since you started Hogwarts, I bet that’s in your employee file. Fawley used that to prey on you because that’s exactly what he is, a predator.”

 

Daphne nodded slowly, “You’re right; it wasn’t my fault. He’s just a sick bastard.”

 

Harry smiled slightly and reached out to grab her hand. When he touched her, she flinched, and he looked up in surprise.

 

“I’m sorry,” Daphne said quickly, “It was just a…reflex.”

 

Harry held his hand out to her, “You don’t have to be afraid of me. I would never do anything to hurt you.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said. She took his hand and looked into his eye, “But you will do terrible things to protect me, and I…I’m scared that one day if something does happen to me….you’ll turn, you’ll go down a dark path.”

 

“Not as long as I have Neville,” Harry said, he sat down and motioned for her to sit next to him.

 

“Oh no,” Daphne said with a slight smile, “You spend two weeks camping in the Forest of Dean. Is this the point when you tell me you’re more like Draco and Theo than you realised?”

 

“Well, we are,” Harry chuckled, “But not to that extent.”

 

“So you didn’t shag him then?” Daphne teased.

 

Harry shot her an amused look, “Hilarious.”

 

 

When Sadie stepped into the kitchen of her house, she wasn’t surprised to find it empty. She walked through the door to number 12 and made her way up into their kitchen. When she reached it, she heard the sound of soft mumbling.

 

She yawned and stepped into the doorway. Theo was sitting in a kitchen chair. Hermione was kneeling by his side, dabbing a cloth into a murky green liquid then applying it to his hands. Theo was hissing in pain as she did so, and Draco stood behind him, his hands on his best friends shoulders.

 

“So Harry didn’t kill him.”

 

They all looked up when they heard Sadie’s voice.

 

Hermione shook her head, “No, but Theo gave it his best shot.”

 

“You have made your disapproval clear, Mione,” Theo said through gritted teeth.

 

“She’s nearly done,” Draco said, tightening his grip on Theo’s shoulder.

 

“Well,” Sadie said. She cleared her throat and pulled a bottle of Ogden's out of the cupboard, “I said that I wanted him to suffer.”

 

“And I told you that our boys would make sure that he did,” Hermione agreed.

 

Sadie poured out four glasses of firewhiskey, “You did.”

 

“I wasn’t expecting Theo to break four fingers doing so,” Hermione said, looking at Theo in exasperation.

 

“He hurt Daphne,” Theo said by way of explanation.

 

“And he deserved whatever he got,” Hermione said, “But physical violence is beneath you, Theo.”

 

“She’s right,” Sadie said, putting a glass of firewhiskey on the table in front of him and handing one to Draco, “You’re better than that,” she sipped from her glass.

 

“You are,” Draco agreed, “But sometimes you let your temper get the better of you. Sometimes you are hot-headed enough to be a Gryffindor, Theo.”

 

“When it concerns the people I love, I guess I am,” Theo said simply.

 

“Alright,” Hermione said, she pushed herself to her feet, “You’re done.”

 

“There you are, Hermione,” Sadie said, handing her a glass of firewhiskey, “I know its not your drink of choice, but it does steady the nerves.”

 

“I don’t need-”

 

Sadie gripped her wrist, “Look at your hand.”

 

Surely enough, Hermione’s hand shook. The dark-haired girl nodded and accepted the glass. She took a sip and made a face at the bitter, sharp taste.

 

“I hated seeing Daphne so vulnerable,” Hermione said. She sank into a chair opposite Theo, “I’ve never seen her like that.”

 

“We have,” Theo said.

 

“Just once,” Draco said with a frown, “During the war.”

 

“Was that when she was under the nightmare curse?” Hermione asked.

 

The three Slytherins nodded. Hermione asked, “Do you know what she saw there?”

 

“Her worst fear,” Sadie said, “Which at the time was becoming like the people she despised most in the world.”

 

“Her parents?” Hermione asked.

 

“The Death Eaters, my aunt in particular,” Draco replied. He remained standing behind Theo’s chair, but Sadie had sunk into a seat next to Hermione.

 

“Bellatrix?” Hermione asked, her hand automatically pulling the sleeve of her top down.

 

Sadie noticed and grabbed Hermione’s hand, “You don’t have to hide it from us. It’s just a scar, one that reminds you of what you are fighting for every time you walk into the Ministry and one that made you stronger. What happened to Daphne, it’s going to leave a scar too, just not one that we can see.”

 

“But she will get past it,” Theo agreed, “She’s one of the strongest people I know.”

 

Sadie nodded.

 

“And while we’re on the subject of difficult truths,” Theo said. He looked up at his best friend, “Draco, you have something you need to discuss with Hermione. If you want us to stay, we will. Equally, if you want us to go, we will.”

 

Draco shook his head, “Stay,” he said.

 

Hermione frowned as her fiancé took a seat next to his best friend.

 

“We talked a lot when we were in isolation,” Draco said honestly, “I mean you do when you spend two weeks straight with someone. I thought we knew everything about each other, but it turns out that there are always things you can learn about another person because we all change and evolve, every day.”

 

Sadie nodded thoughtfully.

 

“As it turns out, Theo’s actually pretty wise,” Draco said with a slight smile, “And one of the things he told me is that I need to be completely truthful with you if I want our relationship to work.”

 

Hermione’s frown deepened, “But I thought I already knew everything about the war?”

 

“Not quite everything,” Draco confessed, “I haven’t told you the whole truth about Pansy. You know that I was in love with her and that she died, but you don’t know why. You don’t know that behind her cold exterior, she had a wicked sense of humour. You don’t know that she bullied people to cover up her own insecurities. You don’t know that she had a way of cheering me up when everything felt hopeless, and that’s my fault. You don’t know any of that because I was too afraid to tell you, because of the way she was to you at school.”

 

“I never told you the good parts about Harry for the same reason, for a long time,” Hermione admitted, “I understand more than you think.”

 

“You don’t understand all of it though,” Sadie said, looking pointedly at Draco.

 

Draco nodded, “Sadie’s right. The reason I don’t like to talk about Pansy is because it still hurts to think about her death and that’s not because she was the great love of my life. I did love her, but I lost a lot more than a girlfriend when she died because she was…” his voice caught.

 

“She was pregnant when she died, Hermione,” Theo finished.

 

Hermione’s eyes widened, “Oh…Merlin…”

 

Draco cleared his throat and looked down at the table, “I told her it would be okay, and I betrayed my friends to keep her and the baby safe. I went back to Voldemort, I left Theo and Sadie, Daphne and Tracey…I left them in that bathroom to starve because I selfishly only thought of that baby.”

 

The room was silent as Draco took a breath, “I re-pledged myself to Voldemort. I tortured Luna Lovegood to do that, and I…I lost myself if I’m honest. For a little while, I lost myself, and Theo shunned me which he was perfectly within his rights to. It was Daphne who kept me alive that summer after the war, which is why I stood by and let Theo beat Fawley within an inch of his life tonight.”

 

Hermione reached across the table and took his hand.

 

“I loved Pansy, but the reason I fell apart after the war,” Draco blinked away a couple of stray tears and took a shuddering breath, “It was because I was mourning that baby and the life I could have had. I was in a very dark place, and that baby was the light at the end of the tunnel, the thing I clung to. It was the hope of a better world.”

 

“There is a better world,” Hermione said softly as she walked around the table so that she could hug him, “Not the world you envisioned, but a better world all the same and you helped build that.”

 

Draco breathed in deeply, “I didn’t want to tell you. I didn’t see the point in bringing up something I buried a long time ago, but Theo felt that you ought to know the truth.”

 

“And he was right,” Hermione said, smiling sadly at Theo, “I did need to know.”

 

Theo nodded.

 

“Thank you,” Hermione mouthed as she held Draco tightly.

 

Theo smiled and got to his feet. He pulled Sadie up and said, “Now that all is right with the world again. Can we go home, love?”

 

“Yes,” Sadie sighed, “I’m exhausted.”

 

Draco nodded. He got to his feet and rubbed his eyes, “Thanks, Theo.”

 

“For what?” Theo asked from the doorway.

 

“Everything over the last two weeks,” Draco said genuinely, “And everything before that too.”

 

Theo smiled, “Anytime, Draco,” he said as he put his arm around Sadie’s shoulders and led his wife out of the house.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


Daphne felt sick on Monday morning. She knew she would only have to face a few hours at work because Bill had said that she could go home after the review. All the same, the thought of having to go through it all with Bill wasn’t a pleasant one.

 

Harry tried his best to make her forget about it. He made her pancakes which she couldn’t eat because her stomach felt so unsettled and he made her a cup of tea which went cold before she could try to will herself to drink it.

 

“It’s going to be okay, Daph,” He told her, “Fawley won’t be there if that’s what you’re worried about it.”

 

Daphne shook her head and got to her feet, “I just don’t want to have to go through it all again. I know that I have to for Fawley to be punished, but that doesn’t mean that I have to look forward to it.”

 

Harry sighed and hugged her, “I understand that. If it helps, think about what we’re going to do afterwards. As soon as you’ve gone through everything with Bill, you get to come home by which point Teddy will be here. Then we’ll have a great afternoon at the Puddlemere match, and then we’ll all go out for a family dinner.”

 

“Then we go to Sadie and Theo’s and get drunk,” Daphne said with a small smile, “A perfect family day followed by a piss-up. You’re right, that’s exactly what I need.”

 

Harry smiled back at her, “Good luck.”

 

“Thanks,” Daphne said.

 

“Can I kiss you?” Harry asked tentatively. After everything that had happened, she was a little jumpy, so he was somewhat cautious when it came to physical contact.

 

Daphne nodded. Harry stepped forward and kissed her gently. At first, she tensed up, but then he cupped her face with his hands, and she sighed with relief. She had been terrified to kiss Harry after what Fawley had done. She had been scared that it would flash her back to that moment, but it didn’t. Harry kissed her so gently. He poured so much love and affection into that kiss. So much so that she felt emotional when she pulled back.

 

“I love you.”

 

“I love you too,” Harry said, resting his forehead against hers.

 

Daphne managed a small smile, “You better have Teddy in that little Puddlemere shirt I bought him when I get back.”

 

Harry smiled at her retreating form as she walked towards the front door.

 

 

When Daphne stepped into Bill’s office and saw a rather surly looking official sort of wizard sitting next to Bill at the desk, her pulse began to race.

 

“Good morning Daphne,” Bill said with a warm smile, “There’s no need to be alarmed, this is my colleague from the legal department of the bank. His name is Mr Gibbs, and he will be taking down notes today.”

 

Daphne nodded and sat down in the seat opposite of Bill and Gibbs.

 

“Now, normally Mr Fawley would be here as well, but unfortunately, he is in St. Mungos after having an accident over the weekend. As such, we will have to conduct his part of this review separately. So I will just outline what I need from you today Daphne. I understand how difficult it is for you to talk about this, but I need you to go through everything with me again,” Bill said calmly, “You can do it in your own time, and you can take as many breaks as you need. I just need you to start at the beginning and tell me everything with as much detail as you can remember.”

 

Daphne nodded once more. She took a deep breath, and she began to recount the whole hideous affair. She felt a little bit more like the ice queen once more as she coolly and calmly went through it all again. Mr Gibbs scribbled away furiously, and Bill kept his gaze downwards so that Gibbs couldn’t see the anger in his eyes. After all, he didn’t want to be accused of being anything less than impartial.

 

When Daphne had finished, Mr Gibbs nodded and thanked her. There was silence in the office as he gathered his papers and put them in his briefcase. When he left the office, Daphne let out a sigh of relief and relaxed a little.

 

Bill smiled at her, “You did great Daphne. Do you want coffee?”

 

Daphne nodded, having everything out in the open officially made her feel like a weight had been lifted from her chest. She felt the greatest sense of relief, and now, she could see the light at the end of what had been a very long, dark tunnel.

 

She was pulled out of her daze when Bill placed a cup of coffee down in front of her.

 

“Fawley is in St Mungos,” Bill said as he glanced down at a sticky note on his desk, “He has three broken ribs, six broken fingers, two broken twos, a fractured nose and a cracked knee cap. He says he had too much to drink and fell down the stairs last night.”

 

Daphne nodded and glanced down, “Does he?”

 

“He does,” Bill said, “But I know what happened and you know what happened. I think it’s fair to say that he had a little bit of help falling down those stairs, isn’t it?”

 

Daphne held onto the coffee cup and looked up at Bill, “I think that would be a fair judgement, yes.”

 

Bill nodded, “I don’t often advocate that people deserve horrific injuries. Not after this,” he gestured at his face, “But in this case, he did.”

 

Daphne smirked into her coffee cup, “So the hospital report didn’t mention any injuries to his groin then?”

 

Bill raised an eyebrow, “No, I suppose he elected to keep that to himself.”

 

“I suppose he did,” Daphne said smoothly. She sipped her coffee and said no more.

 

Bill sat down on the edge of his desk, “I often wonder why you were in Slytherin, you know? The Greengrass family are notoriously associated with Ravenclaw after all, and you do fit the bill, but then I see it.”

 

Daphne smiled, “I’ll take that as a compliment.”

 

“It was intended as one,” Bill said calmly, “Now, are you sure you want to come back to work tomorrow? I wouldn’t begrudge you needing an extra day to gather your wits.”

 

“My wits are gathered,” Daphne promised him.

 

“Well then I suppose I should tell you where to report to,” Bill said, “Since you have a new mentor now.”

 

Daphne looked up, “You assigned me one then?”

 

“Yep,” Bill said, “And I think you’ll be a little bit more satisfied with this one than the last. I did think about assigning you a woman to avoid any difficulties in the future, but then I realised that you would get pissed off with me if I did that, so your new mentor is another man.”

 

“That’s fine as long as he’s not a sleazy bastard,” Daphne said.

 

“He has definitely never been accused of that,” Bill promised her.

 

“And he’s competent? He’ll let me go out in the field?”

 

“He’ll let you go out in the field, but I’m not sure how competent he is to be completely honest,” Bill said, “He can be a bit of an immature twat at times.”

 

Daphne smiled broadly at that, “It’s you, isn’t it?”

 

“Which part gave it away?” Bill asked with an amused smile.

 

“The immature twat part, with all due respect boss,” Daphne added the last part as an afterthought.

 

“First rule of this partnership, I’m your mentor, not your boss,” Bill said, “And second rule, if you want to go out in the field, bring me snacks because my wife has me on a permanent diet and she literally locks me in the dog house if she catches me snacking in the house. Can you handle those conditions?”

 

Daphne smiled, “Yeah, I think those conditions are fair.”

 

“Perfect,” Bill said cheerfully, “Now get your arse home. Enjoy a little bit of downtime and be here ready to work tomorrow.”

 

“I will,” Daphne promised as she got to her feet, “I’m taking Teddy out to the Puddlemere game with Harry this afternoon then I’m getting hammered with my friends tonight, so permission to be a little hungover tomorrow please?”

 

“Bring me a coffee and a breakfast pastry, and it’s a deal.”

 

Daphne grinned, “Thanks, Bill, see you tomorrow.”

 

“See you tomorrow,” Bill said with a fond smile.

 

 

Daphne found herself breathing a little bit easier as she walked through Diagon Alley. She felt lighter, and she knew now, having done it, that telling Bill was the right thing to do. It made her feel stupid for being so scared to do it in the first place, but it had been dealt with now, and that was what mattered. She left the alley and apparated back to Potter Manor; she felt a smile slip onto her face the moment she stepped over the threshold into the garden because she could hear Teddy laughing.

 

She followed the laughter around the house and found the two boys in the back garden. Harry was dangling from his broom upside down making silly faces at Teddy while the little boy clapped and laughed in amusement.

 

Daphne shook her head and didn’t bother hiding the amused smile that was plastered on her face. The moment Harry saw her, he righted himself and smiled slightly nervous at her, “Was it okay?”

 

“It was fine, just like you said it would be,” Daphne said honestly, “I told them everything, a scribe wrote it down then Bill told me that I had been assigned a new mentor.”

 

“Hopefully not a sleazy you know what,” Harry said, for the benefit of Teddy’s little ears.

 

“Nope,” Daphne said with a smile, “My new mentor is Bill, he wants to get out in the field again.”

 

Harry laughed and dismounted his broom, “Why do I get the feeling you’re going to love your job just a little bit more now?”

 

Daphne laughed too, “Yeah, I think you might be right. But now is not the time to talk about work, now is the time to talk about Quidditch! Is my little munchkin in his Puddlemere strip?”

 

“Yes, he is,” Harry said, he picked the little boy up, “As requested by Daphne and we always do what Daphne wants don’t we, Ted?”

 

Teddy beamed at Daphne and held his arms out to her, “Daffee!”

 

Daphne’s smile widened as she took Teddy from Harry, “Hey Teddy, I have missed you so much!”

 

Harry smiled at the two of them with a mixture of fondness and sadness. He loved these moments; he loved that they felt like a real family, but he knew he would see less of both of them now that Auror training had started.

 

Daphne caught his look and smiled, “You’ll see plenty of him once everything is official. He’ll be there every night when you come in from work.”

 

“I know,” Harry said, “But that still feels like a long way away, and I miss him.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said as she grabbed his hand, “I do too, but let’s not let ourselves mope today. Let’s just enjoy this day, okay?”

 

“Okay,” Harry agreed with a small smile, “Let’s go watch Puddlemere destroy the Appleby Arrows Teddy!”

 

 

The Puddlemere game ran late, which meant that Harry, Daphne and Teddy ended up having dinner late. As a result, by the time they dropped Teddy off back at Andromeda’s, they were late for the post-dinner gathering at No. 11 Grimmauld Place.

 

By the time they got there, everyone was already gathered in the drawing-room. The couple made their way upstairs arm in arm then entered the drawing-room. All eyes turned towards them, and the room fell silent.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “You don’t need to act awkwardly around me just because I had an emotional breakdown last week. For those of you who weren’t entirely in the picture, yes I worked with a sleazy bastard, and yes, he sexually assaulted me. But he’s being punished, and I’m fine so don’t you dare walk on eggshells around me tonight, or I will curse you all into oblivion.”

 

Susan got to her feet and wrapped her arms around her friend, “You’re a queen, and I’ve missed you.”

 

Daphne laughed at that, “Yeah, where the hell have you been for the last two weeks by the way?”

 

“Undercover training,” Susan said with a smirk, “It’s top secret.”

 

“But you’re going to tell her anyway,” Percy said with a discreet roll of his eyes.

 

Susan shrugged, “Yeah, but Daphne can keep secrets, so it’s fine. It was kind of like basic training for bounty hunters. They chuck you in the middle of nowhere with your trainer for a couple of weeks to see what you’re made of.”

 

“And you aced it, I imagine,” Daphne said.

 

“Yep,” Susan said proudly, “Best since Percy Weasley apparently.”

 

“I did tell her that probably wasn’t a compliment,” Ron joked.

 

Daphne snorted, “Hey Ron, how’s Katie?”

 

Ron shrugged, “The same as always, she’s healthy, which is the main thing.”

 

“Good,” Daphne said somewhat awkwardly, she often found it hard to keep a conversation going with Ron. Harry could feel the tension, so he stepped forward, “I reckon we could do with a good catch up mate. What’s going on with the shop?”

 

The two of them started to chat as they walked away. Susan immediately linked her arm through Daphne’s and swept her out onto the balcony.

 

“You are such a bad liar.”

 

“What is that supposed to mean?”

 

“You aren’t fine,” Susan said with a pointed look, “Girls like us act like we don’t care when men treat us like shit, but we do care. I cared about the fact that guys didn’t want anything more than sex from me, but I pretended that I didn’t. You cared that guys saw you as this sexy ice queen who was cold and emotionless, but you pretended you didn’t. Do you see where I’m going with this?”

 

“I know what you’re trying to say Suse, but I really am fine,” Daphne said, “I know that what he did was wrong and I know that I don’t deserve to be treated like that. But at the end of the day, my fiancé, his Auror partner, my cousin and my ex-boyfriend found the guy who did it and put him in hospital and to be honest, that’s enough for me.”

 

Susan smiled slightly, “Fair enough.”

 

Daphne leant over the balcony and said, “How was undercover training? Because I don’t believe you aced it without any consequences. They use psychological tactics with these sorts of things, and you don’t exactly have a pain free past.”

 

“Yeah, you’re right,” Susan agreed, “It was pretty horrific. I had to relieve some shitty things, and it did change me. But maybe I needed that, I suppose I have always been a bit immature and now that I’ve had a reality check…I feel a few years older.”

 

Daphne nodded thoughtfully and looked down at London as it began to come to life, “I feel a little older after the events of the last couple of weeks too.”

 

Susan chuckled as she opened the door into the drawing-room, “Who would have thought that we would all grow up so quickly? I feel like we barely left school.”

 

“Tell me about it,” Daphne said as they re-joined the party. She couldn’t stop thinking about how much she and Harry missed Teddy when they were apart from him at the moment. She felt older, she felt responsible for that little boy, and now that they weren’t in school, it felt wrong to keep him at Andromeda’s.

 

“Oh, there you are!” Hermione called when she saw Daphne and Susan, “The boys have just gone downstairs to the man cave, so it’s just the girls now.”

 

“Which means you’re gossiping?” Daphne guessed.

 

“We were just catching up on the last couple of weeks actually,” Sadie said, “But we can always gossip if you want to.”

 

Daphne laughed, “Not without Lilly; she would never forgive us.”

 

“Talking about Lilly, I assume you heard about her new nickname?” Sadie asked.

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow, “Do we want to know?”

 

“I want to know,” Susan smirked, “Go on, Sadie.”

 

“Well,” Sadie said with a smile, “Obviously her and Neville had that whole stupid “We’re on a break” thing going on over his birthday. Then Neville realised that they were both being stupid, so he ran away to France to tell her how much he loved her. I guess once he got there, he really told her how much he loved her because Lilly’s fellow course-mates now know her as the girl who had loud sex with her hero boyfriend on her first night.”

 

The others all laughed at this, Susan in particular cackled, but then again, she had known Lilly longer than the others.

 

“Well, there are worse things to be known as,” Hermione said, “Behind my back, they call me Harry Potter’s encyclopedia because they think that I think I’m above them. I’m just trying to keep my head down and learn everything that I can so I can do my job well…”

 

“And they are jealous of that,” Daphne said, “So ignore them. You know that you’re far more than Harry’s encyclopedia and you know that he wouldn’t have survived the war without you. It doesn’t matter what anyone else thinks.”

 

Hermione smiled slightly, “I know, but nobody likes being the new girl with all of the office bitches breathing down your neck.”

 

“Tell me about it,” Sadie said with a roll of her eyes, “I don’t think many people on my course like me and I don’t like them much either. I kind of got off on the wrong foot with most of them because they had a go at me for being married since I’m so young. I defended Theo fiercely, and most of them took it the wrong way.”

 

“At least you have some friends though,” Daphne said, “Apart from Bill, I’ve not met anyone at the bank that I like.”

 

“I don’t see other people apart from Perce and the other bounty hunters,” Susan shrugged, “They’re all pretty antisocial, so I get to do my own thing which suits me just fine.”

 

“I’ve met a couple of people I like,” Hermione admitted, “Most of them are junior Aurors, and surprisingly, the hit wizards are nice guys, but my boss is a bit of a cow, to be honest. It really surprised me, I mean I remember her when she dated Percy, and she seemed so nice…”

 

“Merlin, you’re not talking about Penny Clearwater are you?” Susan asked.

 

Hermione frowned, “Uh…yes. Do you know her?”

 

“No but Percy has told me about her,” Susan replied, “She’s a complete psycho! Is she your boss? Oh man, that sucks Hermione.”

 

“Susan!” Sadie exclaimed.

 

Susan bit her lip, “Sorry, but I feel like you should have fair warning.”

 

“Fair warning is great, but you have to explain why you are giving that warning,” Daphne pointed out as she tried to hide her amusement.

 

“Right,” Susan said somewhat sheepishly, “Well when Percy broke up with Penelope, she went mental. She thought they were going to get married one day and then the war happened and Percy changed, he felt responsible for his brother's death, and he wanted a change. So he cut off all ties with his old life, ditched it all to become a bounty hunter and broke up with Penelope.”

 

Susan paused, mostly for dramatic effect. She liked to make sure that she had her audience enraptured before she got to the climax of her story, “But Penelope didn’t take it normally. She stalked Percy for weeks and tried everything to get him to take her back, I mean I don’t blame her. He does look good in those dragon hide trousers that he wears these days…”

 

“You’re going off-topic Suse,” Daphne said with a chuckle.

 

“Sorry,” Susan said with a smirk, “But I have just spent two weeks away from him, so you know…”

 

“Yeah, we all just spent two weeks away from our other halves,” Sadie said quickly, “We get it. Now get on with your story, what else did she do after he broke up with her?”

 

“She tried to learn voodoo magic, I’ve heard it’s just a myth, but apparently she went to this dodgy place in Knockturn Alley and bought a doll that was a replica of Percy,” Susan said slowly to build the tension, “She tried to drown it and stab it, but it didn’t work because voodoo magic is superstitious bullshit. Either way, Percy thinks she’s crazy.”

 

“Jeez,” Daphne said with a grim look, “If I were you, I wouldn’t piss her off, Hermione.”

 

Hermione groaned, “Just what I needed, a psychotic boss!”

 

“You’ll be fine,” Sadie said, “Just keep your head down like you are at the moment.”

 

Hermione sighed and nodded.

 

“It could be worse,” Sadie said, to cheer Hermione up, “You could have spent the last two weeks pretending that your best friend was your boyfriend.”

 

“What?” The others echoed.

 

Sadie grinned, “Theo and Draco spent isolation hill-walking in the Scottish highlands. They met a couple of muggles, and Theo somehow managed to imply that Draco was his boyfriend ‘accidentally’. The hillwalkers spent the next two weeks with them, so they had to keep the story up for the whole isolation period.”

 

Hermione burst out laughing at that, “Did Theo tell you that? Voluntarily?”

 

“I had to coax it out of him a little,” Sadie said with a wicked grin, “But he told me in the end.”

 

“No wonder Draco was so cryptic when I asked him about isolation,” Hermione said through her laughter.

 

“Aren’t you two mildly concerned about how devoted your other halves are to each other?” Susan asked with a raised eyebrow, “Don’t you remember when they used to apologise to each other in school? Sometimes it looked more like a proposal.”

 

“Yes, I remember,” Hermione said with a chuckle.

 

“Seriously though, they built a door in the basement to connect their houses. They spent two weeks pretending to be together, and their bromance always has bordered on a romance,” Susan said with a snort, “Not to mention that they are both Slytherins and we all know that Slytherins are flexible when it comes to sexuality.”

 

“What’s that meant to mean?” Hermione laughed.

 

“Ask any Slytherin, and I can guarantee that every single one will have at the very least kissed someone of the same sex,” Susan smirked, “Right, Daph?”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Yes, you make a fair point.”

 

“And Daphne likes redheads, apparently,” Susan chuckled, “I mean between Ginny Weasley and me.”

 

“You?” Hermione asked in surprise.

 

“When did that happen?” Sadie asked with a chuckle.

 

“At a party in eighth year,” Daphne replied as she sipped her wine.

 

“Eighth year?” Hermione asked, “When you were dating Harry?”

 

“Harry was there,” Daphne and Susan said in unison.

 

“Seriously?” Hermione asked in disbelief.

 

“Seriously,” Daphne said.

 

“Why is that such a shock?” Sadie asked. She raised an eyebrow at Hermione, “Draco and Theo were there when we kissed.”

 

“Woah!” Susan exclaimed, “Say what now?”

 

“The foursome had a foursome after graduation,” Daphne said with a smirk.

 

“Holy fuckery…” Susan shook her head, “That has just blown my mind. I mean of all the Slytherins I know, I thought you were the most innocent Sade.”

 

Hermione snorted, and Sadie glared at her, “Shut up.”

 

Daphne leant forward, “No, Hermione, do tell.”

 

“No, Hermione, don’t,” Sadie countered.

 

Susan burst out laughing, and Hermione shook her head, “For the record, this whole conversation seems a lot like gossiping for a conversation that isn’t supposed to contain any gossip.”

 

Susan chuckled, “You have a point. I wonder what the guys are talking about downstairs. Guys don’t gossip, do they?”

 

“Draco and Theo do,” Sadie said, “Sometimes those two were worse than the girls in the common room.”

 

“They can be bitches,” Daphne agreed.

 

“Well Harry doesn’t gossip,” Sadie said, “So-”

 

Hermione cut her off by sniggering, “Harry doesn’t gossip? You must be joking me; he’s like an old witch half the time. Nine times out of ten when it was just the two of us in the common room late at night, he would start the gossiping, not me.”

 

Susan shook her head in amusement, “So in conclusion, they are gossiping.”

 

“Yep”

 

“Definitely.”

 

 

“So what did you make of what Sumner and Sheppard said at the end of isolation?” Harry said as he helped himself to some of Theo’s rum, “About Harper and Emily?”

 

“Oh, those two were shagging,” Draco said with a nod, “Imagine shagging during isolation training! It was obvious that we were being observed.”

 

“That’s rich coming from you,” Neville said, “If you had known that you were being observed you wouldn’t have spent the whole time pretending to shag Theo.”

 

“What?” Ron asked with an amused look.

 

“Oh, haven’t you heard mate?” Harry asked Ron with a grin, “Theo is shit under pressure and accidentally told a couple of muggles that Draco was his boyfriend. Those muggles stayed with them through isolation, so they had to pretend to be all loved up.”

 

Ron barked out a loud laugh, “And they didn’t cotton on that you were lying?”

 

“Have you seen those two?” Percy remarked, “I believed that they were a couple when I first met them.”

 

Theo snorted, “Nah Perce, we’ve just got stellar acting skills. We did great.”

 

“Yeah, right up until we blew our cover at the end,” Draco added.

 

“How exactly did you blow your cover?” Neville asked.

 

“Ugh!” Draco exclaimed, “That is disgusting!”

 

Harry sniggered, “The same thought ran through my mind, to be honest.”

 

“Filthy Gryffindors,” Theo muttered.

 

“I quite agree.”

 

“Well, you would agree with your boyfriend,” Ron said.

 

“And you do realise that you are massively outnumbered, don’t you?” Percy asked, “Four Gryffindors to two Slytherins.”

 

“And one of those Gryffindors is a bounty hunter,” Harry added.

 

“And another is the man who killed Voldemort,” Percy said.

 

“Not to mention the man who beheaded Voldemort’s snake with the sword of Gryffindor,” Harry said.

 

“Then there’s Ron,” Theo said.

 

Harry half expected Ron to go mental, but the redheaded man just sniggered, “I’m quite happy running my little joke store while you idiots try to kill yourselves, to be honest. I’ll be the one that becomes Headmaster one day because I’ll be the only one that’s still alive.”

 

“He has a point,” Harry said with a chuckle, “But anyway, how did everyone else’s last few weeks go?”

 

“Mine was pretty boring,” Ron shrugged, “Worked, checked in on Katie, the usual.”

 

“I can’t really tell you about my week because of the nature of my work,” Percy said with a shrug, “But I spent most of it in deepest Peru undercover.”

 

“Undercover as what, a bear?” Harry asked.

 

“What?” Percy asked with a frown.

 

Harry shook his head in amusement and smiled at Neville who was sniggering, “Never mind, it’s a muggle thing. I felt shit for being away for the last couple of weeks while Daphne was going through hell…”

 

“Stop thinking like that,” Percy said, “It wasn’t your fault. Just like it wasn’t your fault that people died during the war.”

 

“I feel like we’ve had this conversation before,” Harry said with a rueful smile.

 

“That’s because we have,” Percy remembered, “Last summer, before you went back to Hogwarts…a lot has changed since then, hasn’t it?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry smiled, “It has…”

 

“I agree with Perce, it wasn’t your fault,” Theo said, “But I do kind of know how you feel. Sadie keeps saying it’s just a stomach bug she picked up from the food in Egypt, but it’s obvious that she’s not been well and I feel crap for not being around to help her. She hates that place you know, Egypt, the course, the people on the course and…I think she’s making herself ill because of it. Is that possible?”

 

Harry nodded, “People handle stress differently. Daphne stops eating and withdraws into herself and Hermione-”

 

“Screams at people and starts acting like a psycho,” Draco finished.

 

“I was going to be kinder than that, but yeah, that’s accurate,” Harry admitted while Ron guffawed with laughter.

 

“Do you remember when she beat the shit out of me when I came back during the war?” Ron asked with a shake of his head.

 

“Then hugged you and cried,” Harry snorted.

 

“Sounds like the princess,” Theo said with a grin, “Sadie is more like Daphne than Hermione when it comes to stress but I don’t want her to make herself seriously ill because of this. I told her that if she hates it so much to drop out and find something else that she wants to do, but she’s determined to stick it out.”

 

“Of course she is,” Draco said, “This is Sadie we’re talking about. When has she ever backed out of something after setting her mind to it?”

 

Theo sighed, “I know, but this is different…this is hurting her.”

 

“She’ll be fine, Theo,” Draco said, he rose to his feet, “She’ll either get used to it and adapt or she won’t.”

 

“And if she doesn’t, then what?”

 

“Then she will realise that you were right and she will drop out,” Draco said, “So try to stop worrying about her, I know it’s hard but try.”

 

Theo sighed heavily but nodded.

 

“I’m going to the bar, do you want something?”

 

“Double firewhiskey,” Theo replied.

 

“Make it two,” Ron said.

 

“Three,” Percy said as he raised his glass.

 

Harry got to his feet, “I’ll get myself a glass of water.”

 

“Wimp,” Ron joked.

 

“Recovering alcoholic,” Neville countered.

 

“What?” Ron asked in surprise.

 

“Oh,” Neville muttered, “Fuck.”

 

“Yeah, we haven’t seen each other since Ginny’s wedding,” Harry said with a sigh, “Percy, I assume Susan told you?”

 

Percy nodded, “Yeah, she did, and I think it’s bloody brave of you to face it head-on like that.”

 

Harry shrugged, “I was burying my head in the sand. I would have kept on doing that and lost everything I love if it wasn’t for Neville.”

 

“You just needed a bit of a verbal kick to the nuts, Harry,” Neville said with an encouraging smile, “And you’re doing brilliantly.”

 

Theo nodded, “I’d have gone straight to a bottle if Sadie had been assaulted like Daphne was. The fact you didn’t is incredible.”

 

Draco agreed, “He’s right Harry, you’re doing yourself proud.”

 

Ron got to his feet and pulled Harry into a bear hug, “I’m sorry I didn’t know,” he mumbled.

 

“S’alright, Ron,” Harry said, patting him on the back, “It was a tough couple of weeks, but you’ve got enough going on with Katie and the baby and all. I’m on my way up again now.”

 

Ron patted him on the back, “I’m here if you need me, alright? Even with Katie and the baby, if you need me, I’ll still be there.”

 

“I know,” Harry said with a smile.

 

“Right, this has been heartwarming, but I need someone to help me carry the drinks,” Draco said, nudging his head towards the bar.

 

Harry chuckled and walked over with Draco. They didn’t say much until they reached it. They were out of hearing range of the others now, so long as they spoke quietly.

 

“Do you reckon Sadie’s pregnant?” Draco asked Harry in an undertone.

 

Harry scoffed, “What? No.”

 

“Why is it such an incredulous idea?” Draco asked as he began to pour the firewhiskey out.

 

“Because Sadie is – Jesus, you are light-handed when it comes to measures – smart, she’s the kind of girl who uses all the spells and takes the right precautions,” Harry whispered, “She wouldn’t let something like that happen. Not like…”

 

“Not like Ginny did?” Draco finished with a raised eyebrow, “Are you suggesting that your ex is a looser woman?”

 

“No,” Harry said awkwardly, “Well I mean…she was a little more promiscuous but-”

 

“But she has a brain and look at her,” Draco said quietly, “She fell pregnant before she had even finished school. It can happen to anyone Harry.”

 

“But it hasn’t happened to Sadie,” Harry said, “I just can’t see it Draco. Theo’s right, she’s gotten herself ill because of everything going on with her course. It’s not unusual, Daph gets ill when she’s stressed too. She’s been ill for the last couple of weeks, and I’m not automatically assuming she’s pregnant.”

 

“Fine,” Draco said, “But I just think there’s something more going on than her hating her course.”

 

Before Harry could say anymore, Draco had begun to head over to the table with the drinks.

 

Draco was a little irritated that Harry had shot down his idea, mostly because Harry was usually more than happy to gossip. But Draco had a funny feeling that something was off with Sadie and he did have experience of the changes that women went through during early pregnancy. He had seen it with Pansy, and he saw something of that in the way Sadie had been since she had gotten home from Egypt.

 

 

Hermione left the party earlier than Draco because she had work in the morning and he didn’t. She used the door in the basement and had to admit; it was bloody convenient.

 

She was tired, but she couldn’t go to bed yet because she had promised Lilly that she would floo her and catch her up on all the gossip that she had missed during the evening.

 

Hermione stepped into the kitchen, made herself a cup of tea and then got comfortable in front of the fireplace before throwing some floo powder into the flames and saying, “Centre for Trauma Healing, Amiens.”

 

The flames flickered and then turned amber, “Who would you like to be put through to?”

 

“Trainee Lillian Moon please.”

 

“One moment,” The voice at the other end said.

 

It took a couple of minutes for the call to connect, but when it did, the flames turned green, and Lilly’s face appeared in the fireplace.

 

She smiled broadly at Hermione, “Hey, Hermione!”

 

Hermione smiled back, “Hey! How are things in France?”

 

“Busy, how are things at home?” Lilly asked.

 

“Stressful,” Hermione admitted, “Daphne has been off work for a couple of days. She was sexually assaulted by her mentor, and it’s all going to a tribunal now.”

 

“Sexually assaulted?” Lilly hissed, “How fucking far did he go?”

 

“Not that far, but she’s still a bit shaken up,” Hermione answered, “The guy who did it is in St Mungos with a lot of broken bones. Apparently, he got drunk and fell down the stairs.”

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow, “I see,” she said. They couldn’t talk in any more detail over the floo network because everything that was being said was recorded and kept on record at the Ministry.

 

“So she’s okay?” Lilly asked.

 

“As okay as she can be, all things considered,” Hermione answered, “I’ve just gotten back from Sadie and Theo’s, the first thing I did after making myself a cuppa was floo you.”

 

Lilly laughed, “Is that because you miss me or because you still feel bad for taking Nev’s side during our break?”

 

“Both,” Hermione admitted honestly, “I do still feel bad, but I also miss you. It felt wrong tonight, all of us chatting and you being on the other side of the channel.”

 

“Yeah,” Lilly sighed, “It sucks, but at least it’s only for six months. Why was your night interesting, by the way?”

 

“Well, Sadie told us all about your new nickname,” Hermione joked.

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Yeah, I regret telling Neville about that. I guess he told Theo who told Sadie, who told you?”

 

“No, Theo told all of us,” Hermione admitted with a smile, “The four of us spend most of our time together, to be honest. Ever since Draco and Theo put the connecting door in the basement, it's too easy to drink wine in the library with Sadie while those two research duelling techniques.”

 

“The door in the basement?” Lilly asked.

 

“Yes, our houses are now connected by a door,” Hermione explained, “And no, it’s not warded. It’s just an ordinary door.”

 

“I give up trying to understand you lot,” Lilly snorted, “Did you tell everyone my new nickname?”

 

“No, but Sadie did,” Hermione chuckled, “It is quite funny.”

 

“To you guys maybe,” Lilly said with a raised eyebrow, “Please tell me you didn’t spend the whole night talking about me?”

 

“No, of course not,” Hermione replied, “We spent more time talking about Draco and Theo. During their isolation week, they had to spend two weeks in the Scottish Highlands together, and Theo messed up under pressure.”

 

“No surprises there,” Lilly joked.

 

Hermione laughed, “Well, he said that Draco was his boyfriend, so they had to spend the next two weeks keeping the cover story up. Draco hadn’t told me about it, so I can’t wait to grill him tonight.”

 

Lilly snorted, “I wouldn’t believe it if it was anyone else, but with those two, I can believe that. How’s Nev?”

 

“Lost without you, as expected,” Hermione said with a small smile, “We were all there in couples apart from Ron, so Neville ended up talking to him about boy stuff until the boys disappeared downstairs to the mancave.”

 

Lilly smiled, “I hope we can make it work, but I hate being so far away from him.”

 

“And he hates it too,” Hermione said, “That’s what will make it work. If neither of you cared then it would never last.”

 

Lilly sighed, “That doesn’t mean I enjoy it. Do you have anymore gossip to take my mind off things?”

 

“Not gossip as such,” Hermione said slowly, “But a theory. Have you heard about Sadie being unwell?”

 

“I haven’t heard anything,” Lilly said, “I was back for a few hours, and I spent all of them in bed with Nev.”

 

Hermione chuckled, “And nobody can blame you for that. I’ll fill you in though, Sadie hasn’t been feeling well since she got to Egypt. She thinks she ate something that gave her a stomach bug and she’s only just getting her appetite back now, but when she got back, she looked awful. She was so pale and thin. We were all quite worried. Theo was worried sick; you know what he’s like.”

 

Lilly nodded.

 

“But I couldn’t help thinking tonight when she was talking about it,” Hermione continued, “Do you think she might be pregnant?”

 

“Pregnant?” Lilly asked in disbelief, “No way, this is Sadie we’re talking about.”

 

“I know, but nobody expected Ginny to get pregnant, did they?”

 

Lilly bit her lip, “Uh honestly, I kind of did. She had quite a few sexual partners before she started seeing Blaise and she always did seem a little…uh, promiscuous?”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “I suppose I can see why you would think that, but I never saw Ginny that way.”

 

“Either way, Sadie is nothing like Ginny,” Lilly pointed out, “She’s logical, just like you. There’s no way you would get pregnant just as you were starting an important course that could set up your future career.”

 

“I know,” Hermione agreed, “I’m meticulous, and I’m sure that Sadie is too, but she did just come back from her honeymoon. If there’s ever a time when you might forget about the charm or get lost in the moment, it would be on your honeymoon.”

 

“I suppose,” Lilly said, “But still, Sadie’s not pregnant. It’s just the food, she’s always been funny with spicy food, and Merlin knows how they prepare it over there. You’ve heard all the stories about street food, you’re reading too much into it.”

 

Hermione hummed thoughtfully, “Yeah, you’re right. I guess it’s this baby boom after the war. I’m seeing pregnant women everywhere I look.”

 

“War equals babies,” Lilly said with an amused smile, “And I had better go. Lights out is in five minutes.”

 

“Okay,” Hermione said with a smile, “I’ll see you next weekend? You’re all coming to the house for dinner on Saturday, aren’t you?”

 

“Yep,” Lilly said with a smile, “Can’t wait. See you next week.”

 

“See you later, Lil.”

 

 

By the time Draco eventually crawled into bed, Hermione had been asleep for a few hours. She knew he was back before he reached the bedroom because she heard the basement door slam loudly. Then she heard Draco stumbling through the hall; he managed to knock over every single ornament in the process.

 

Hermione rolled her eyes in amusement as she looked towards the bedroom door. When it opened, she expected to see a drunk mess in place of her fiancé, but in fact, he was just pleasantly tipsy.

 

“Do you have any idea what time it is?” Hermione mumbled from beneath the duvet.

 

“3.58 am,” Draco said as he kicked off his trousers and discarded his t-shirt on the floor, “You told me to be home before 4 am.”

 

“You took that very literally,” Hermione said with a fond smile.

 

Draco climbed into bed next to her in his boxers, “I know what happens when I don’t do what you say, and I don’t like it.”

 

Hermione chuckled and rolled over so that he could wrap his arms around her, “How bad were the others when you left?”

 

“Percy and Ron were fine,” Draco said as he kissed her forehead, “Harry was still sober, obviously.”

 

“What about Theo?”

 

“He didn’t drink that much,” Draco said, “He was worried about Sadie, he went to bed pretty early to make sure she was okay. Harry and I ended up playing beer pong with Ron and Percy, that’s why I’m so late.”

 

“Beer pong, dear god. Harry didn’t drink, though?”

 

“Nah we made him do a dare instead every time he should have taken a drink,” Draco mumbled.

 

“I’m worried about Sadie too, you know?” Hermione said as she nestled into his chest.

 

Draco hummed, “Me too.”

 

“I spoke to Lilly about this earlier, I floo-ed her as soon as I came home,” Hermione mused, “I thought she might be pregnant, but Lilly thought the idea was ridiculous.”

 

“I thought that too!” Draco exclaimed, “I said the same thing to Harry, but he was sure that I was wrong.”

 

Hermione looked up at him in surprise, “I think we might be right, you know? A stomach bug wouldn’t have lasted this long; she would have gotten better since she got home, wouldn’t she?”

 

Draco nodded, “That made me wonder as well, but I noticed a couple of stupid little things. To someone who hadn’t seen it before, the changes are too small to notice, but there were these things with Pansy that seemed weird. Then she told me that she was pregnant and they all made sense…”

 

Hermione nodded, “She’s been more sensitive than usual lately.”

 

“Yeah,” Draco yawned, “She’s always ill in the morning, but then she gets better as the day goes on. I know that morning sickness doesn’t always happen in the morning, Pansy used to get it in the middle of the night, but still…”

 

“It all seems too strange to be a coincidence,” Hermione admitted.

 

“If she is pregnant, Theo has no idea,” Draco said.

 

“If she is pregnant, I don’t think she has any idea,” Hermione added.

 

“Do you think I should say something to Theo?”

 

Hermione shook her head, “No. I know we’re close, but this is very much their business. We need to let them work it out in their own time and, there is a chance that we’re wrong.”

 

“True,” Draco said. He leant over to kiss her, “You’re very wise.”

 

Hermione wrinkled her nose, “Draco, I love you, but you stink of firewhiskey and beer.”

 

“Sorry love,” Draco mumbled as he buried his head in her hair, “Love you.”

 

She smiled because she could tell from his tone of voice that he was nearly asleep, “Love you too,” she murmured as he began to snore.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *



“Do you know what date it is?”

 

“It’s the 17th of August, what’s special about it?”

 

“Well,” Harry said with a raised eyebrow, “Why have you lot been walking about with mandrake leaves in your mouth for the last month?”

 

Theo’s eyes widened, “Animagus!”

 

“The potion!” Neville added excitedly.

 

“I assume it’s ready then?” Draco asked. He, of course, wanted to remain cool and calm, even though the others had seen through that façade months ago.

 

Harry resisted the urge to roll his eyes, Draco could be so predictable, “It’s ready, and it’s in the basement. The question is, are you ready? Do you remember all-”

 

“All the psychological parts? Yes, yes, you went through it all with us,” Theo said with a wave of his hand, “Now can we take it? Please?”

 

Harry sniggered, “I think your animagus form might be a dog, Theo, you do get excited easily.”

 

Neville snorted in amusement and got to his feet, “We are going to take it today though, aren’t we?”

 

Harry nodded and got to his feet too. He began to lead the way down to the basement as he said, “It would make sense to take it today. That way you can write to the Ministry to register yourselves and add it into your file with the Aurors. It looks good, being an animagus. It’s an extra skill, an edge we’ll have over other people.”

 

“Depending on the form,” Draco pointed out, “Some have more uses than others. What use was that rat Pettigrew after all?”

 

“Every animagus form can be useful if you know how to use it,” Harry said, “Pettigrew was a scummy bastard but being able to transform into something small like a rat is useful. You could eavesdrop on important conversations from beneath the floorboards.”

 

“What about a massive animagus form then?” Neville asked, “Like a dragon or a griffin. How would that be any use? It’s hardly inconspicuous.”

 

“Brute force,” Harry said, “My form is particularly useful because it enables me to fly.”

 

“Not to mention the fact it enables you to heal people by crying,” Neville muttered, a little irritably.

 

“Don’t get pissy yet Nev,” Theo said, “You haven’t seen your form yet; it might be even better.”

 

“Better than a bloody phoenix?” Neville said, “That would be difficult since it is literally the coolest animal on earth.”

 

“It is pretty cool,” Harry agreed with a smirk, Neville just rolled his eyes.

 

They entered Harry’s room of requirement where a cauldron was bubbling away quite happily, “Okay so we’re going to do this one at a time. Remember to close your eyes and completely clear your mind as if you were about to try and use occlumency.”

 

The other three had stopped joking around to listen now. At the end of the day, if they didn’t pay attention, this could go wrong, and Harry was the only one who had successfully done it.

 

“After you have taken the potion, keep your mind focused on becoming your animal form. When it starts to work you will feel this weird tingling sensation, and when that stops, you can open your eyes and try to talk,” Harry said, “Obviously it came out a squawk for me, but it will be different depending on your form. Neville, you’re up first.”

 

“Of course your sidekick gets to go first,” Theo said, somewhat huffily.

 

“There’s more than enough to go around,” Harry said with a pointed look, “So wait your turn.”

 

Draco sniggered as Theo crossed his arms like a child would do upon being told off.

 

Neville laughed but truthfully; he felt a little nervous as he stepped up to the cauldron. Harry ladled some of the mixture into a goblet and handed it to him, “You’ll be fine, Nev, just keep your mind focused.”

 

Neville nodded. He took a deep breath and shut his eyes. He cleared his mind, just as Harry had told him to then he drank deeply from the goblet. He felt Harry pull the empty cup from his hand, but he tried not to think about Harry or the others, he focused on becoming his animal form. He felt a great sense of relief when the tingling sensation started because he knew what it meant; it was working.

 

The tingling started in his head and worked its way down his entire body. When it stopped, he opened his eyes a little cautiously and tried to say hello. He scared the life out of himself when it came out as a roar.

 

The others were staring at him in awe, and when Harry transfigured a mirror, Neville realised why. His animagus form was a lion, a huge, fearsome-looking lion.

 

“From the boy who never thought he was a true Gryffindor,” Harry said with a proud grin.

 

Neville would have grinned too, but lions didn’t smile so it just looked like he was baring his teeth. It gave him immense pleasure to see that Theo looked a little bit terrified of him at the moment.

 

“To become human again, close your eyes and shut out the noise,” Harry instructed, and Neville did so, “Now concentrate on becoming human again. The tingling will start to let you know that it’s working.”

 

After a few seconds, the tingling did start. This time in his toes, once it had worked its way up to his head, Neville opened his eyes and was relieved to see that he managed to become completely human again with no consequences, “That was awesome.”

 

“Yeah, it was!” Harry agreed, “A phoenix and a lion, we are going to smash it as Aurors mate!”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “You haven’t seen our forms yet. Don’t get too ahead of yourself.”

 

“I doubt anything can beat a phoenix or a lion, but you’re up next so I suppose we’ll find out,” Harry said.

 

Draco stepped up to the cauldron and accepted the goblet filled with the potion, “You Gryffindors always have had problems containing your ego’s.”

 

Harry snorted, “Just remember-”

 

“Clear my head, concentrate, wait for the tingling,” Draco recited, “I know.”

 

Before Harry could say anything more, he shut his eyes and cleared his mind. Then he drained the potion and handed the goblet back to Harry. Draco didn’t need to concentrate for long before the tingling sensation began. Snape had taught him Occlumency so clearing his mind and focusing weren’t particularly difficult skills for him.

 

Once the tingling had worked its way through his body, Draco opened his eyes and was amazed by what he saw in the mirror before him. He had been worried that his animagus form wouldn’t be up to scratch compared to Harry or Neville’s, but there had been no need for him to worry because he was a dragon. Not a full-sized dragon, but a six-foot, emerald green, fire breathing, flying dragon.

 

He could tell that the others were impressed too because they were all gaping at him. Draco had to admit; he felt rather smug as he shut his eyes and concentrated on becoming human again. The tingling worked its way through his body for a second time, and when he opened his eyes, he was human again.

 

“You were saying?”

 

“Alright, a dragon is pretty cool,” Harry conceded.

 

Neville nodded, “Yeah, it was pretty impressive.”

 

Theo nodded eagerly, “A phoenix, a lion and a dragon? I can’t wait to see what I become!”

 

Harry chuckled as Theo bounded up to the cauldron, “What if you’re a tiny cute little bunny?”

 

Theo scoffed, “As if Potter, give me the potion.”

 

Harry handed the goblet over, “Just remember to clear your mind and concentrate, or it won’t work.”

 

“I know,” Theo said as he shut his eyes, “I’ve studied Legilimency, I’ll be fine.”

 

Like Draco, clearing his mind and focusing came naturally to Theo. He began to feel the tell-tale tingling sensation almost straight away, and he felt his excitement building. Once the tingling had moved from his toes to his head, Theo tried to ask, “What am I?”

 

It came out as a squeak which wasn’t an encouraging sign.

 

When Theo opened his eyes, he was looking for something huge and impressive in the mirror. Instead, what he saw was a tiny little Red Panda.

 

“Aw, Theo!” Neville said with a grin, “You’re so cute, I just want to stroke you!”

 

Theo glared at Neville; only it didn’t work because Red Panda’s couldn’t glare.

 

Theo shut his eyes to focus on becoming human again and heard the others snigger. He blocked out the noise, concentrated and silently fumed while the tingling sensation worked its way through his body.

 

When he was human again, he said, “A Red Panda!? You all become huge, mythical or powerful beasts and I become a fucking Red Panda?!”

 

“At least you’re cute though,” Neville said.

 

“You could use that to your advantage if you ever needed to beg for food,” Harry pointed out.

 

“And you’re the smallest so you can slip through gaps that we can’t,” Draco said, “You can eavesdrop on conversations by hiding on the roof too.”

 

“Red Panda’s are excellent climbers,” Harry added with a nod.

 

“And adorable ones.”

 

“I don’t want to be cute. I want to be a powerful, mythical beast!” Theo said irritably as he stomped towards the door.

 

“Where are you going?” Draco called after him.

 

“Home,” Theo said huffily, “Enjoy your fantastic forms together while I go eat some fucking nuts.”

 

Before anyone could say anymore, he had left the room and slammed the door behind him.

 

“You were a bit harsh there, Nev,” Harry said as he bit his lip, “With the whole cute thing.”

 

“Oh, come on, Harry!” Neville exclaimed, “What do you think he would have done if I’d been the small cute one?”

 

“Neville does have a point,” Draco admitted grudgingly, “Theo would have slagged him rotten for it.”

 

“Still,” Harry said, “He’s having a hard time at the moment. He’s worried about Sadie being ill, and he already feels inferior compared to us.”

 

“I think Harry’s saying that you need to apologise for being a dick, Neville,” Draco said, he smirked in Neville’s direction.

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah, you were a bit of a dick.”

 

Neville rolled his eyes and sighed, “Fine. I’ll apologise! But only because I feel bad for him with Sadie being the way she is at the moment and definitely not because I think he deserves an apology.”

 

“You tell yourself whatever you need to tell yourself, Nev,” Harry said, he shot Draco an amused look as he patted his friend on the back.

 

“Whatever helps you sleep at night,” Draco agreed as he tried not to burst out laughing himself.

 

 

Daphne wasn’t sure what to expect on her first day at work with Bill as her mentor. She didn’t feel nervous about the change, but all the same, she had no idea what Bill would be like as a mentor.

 

When she stepped into his office on Tuesday morning with two lattes in cardboard cups and a brown bag, Bill was whistling while he created a neat second desk.

 

“Ah, just in time!” Bill said when he saw her, “It’s not as big as my desk, but that’s because you’re not as important as me, but I hope it will do.”

 

Daphne smiled, “It’s my own desk, and there’s no sleazy bastard on the other side of it, so it’s perfect. I brought you a pastry, and I didn’t know how you liked your coffee, so I got it black.”

 

“I’ll drink any coffee but for future reference, white with two sugars,” Bill said as he took the cup and bag from her gratefully, “What do you drink?”

 

“Most of the time a latte,” Daphne replied, she put her handbag down on her desk, “But there are some mornings when a strong, black coffee is required, and this is one of them.”

 

“Ah, the gathering last night,” Bill said with an amused smile, “Well, you don’t look hungover and as long as you do your job properly, I won’t bug you about it because I’m that kind of mentor.”

 

“How are you going to mentor me, exactly?” Daphne asked curiously, “I thought you weren’t a field curse breaker anymore.”

 

“Technically I’m head of HR,” Bill agreed with a nod, “But I’ll be honest with you, I hate it. I only took the job because Fleur pushed me into it, she thought we needed more money when we found out we were going to be having a baby. She was right, but sitting at a desk all day is not my forte, so I have hired an HR Assistant. She’s going to be doing a large chunk of the paperwork so that I can focus on training my new protégé.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Your new protégé? Bill, everyone says you’re the best Curse Breaker this place has seen in two decades.”

 

Bill smirked, “Exactly, you have far more potential than you know Daphne. Don’t doubt it; confidence is everything. Now, I am going to take you out in the field today, but there are a few rules that I want to go over first.”

 

Daphne nodded; she was still reeling from Bill’s comment about her being his protégé.

 

“I like to think that Curse Breakers who work together should treat each other the same way as Aurors,” Bill explained, “Auror partners know everything about each other, they share their worries and fears about life with each other because it’s important for them to always know how the other is feeling. Now as Curse Breakers we may not save whole towns from dragons or catch dark wizards, but we do save people’s lives on a daily basis, and there is quite a large element of danger in our job.”

 

“I know that,” Daphne said, “Some of the curses we will be dealing with are going to be nasty.”

 

“That’s part of it,” Bill agreed, “But there are other dangers. Cursed objects are often owned by dark wizards who are reluctant to part with their dark, dangerous cursed object. There are times when the Aurors get involved, and we all work as a team, but most of the time, we just get on with it ourselves. So that is why I believe it’s important to know how our partner is feeling. If you and Harry have had a fight and you’re feeling down, then I need to know. If I’ve been up all night with a screaming baby, you need to know because we need to know that the other isn’t at their best. Do you agree?”

 

Daphne nodded, “Yeah, completely.”

 

“Good,” Bill said, he paused to sip his coffee, “So let’s spend a little while getting to know each other before we go anywhere.”

 

Daphne frowned, “You do know me though Bill…”

 

“I know you’re engaged to Harry,” Bill said, “I know you love Teddy like he’s your own son. I know you and your sister were both in Slytherin even though the Greengrass family are predominantly Ravenclaws. I know your family own the largest wizarding shipping company in the world. I know you’re a proud woman and I know you are an incredibly skilled witch who will be a fantastic Curse Breaker one day, but that’s all I know about you. What do you know about me?”

 

Daphne’s frown deepened, “I know you’re from a big family. I know you’re married to Fleur who you met working at Gringotts. I know you’re a father to a baby girl called Victoire. I know you were a Gryffindor and that your brother Charlie is your best friend. Um…I know you like Quidditch and…”

 

Bill raised an eyebrow at her, “See?”

 

“Alright,” Daphne conceded, “We don’t know each other very well.”

 

“So tell me something about yourself,” Bill said, “Tell me about your childhood.”

 

Daphne snorted and sat down heavily at her new desk, “Are you sure you want to hear that sob story?”

 

“I need to know what makes you, you,” Bill said, “And our childhood defines us.”

 

“Well,” Daphne sighed, “For a start, my sister and I are in Slytherin because we’re very similar to our mother, who was a Crouch.”

 

“I see,” Bill smiled.

 

“I grew up in this horrible place called Greengrass House with my mother, father and my little sister. Our family have always been pureblood which is why we’re included in the sacred 28. But we only really rose to prominence in the last 200 hundred years or so with the launch of Greengrass Shipping which became Greengrass Industries over time.”

 

Bill nodded, and Daphne continued, “So my house is quite new, but they wanted to seem like they had been around for longer, so they built this horrible modern house and tried to make it look like it had been around since Tudor times. I have no good memories of that place…apart from this one room, at the top of the tower. I think it was once a bell tower, but my sister and I used to use it as a hideaway. It was pretty cold and all we really had up there were beanbags and blankets, but we still loved it.”

 

Bill smiled, “Charlie and I built a treehouse near the orchard where everyone plays Quidditch. When the house was too loud because of all of our younger siblings screaming or fighting, we used to escape out there. It was on the grounds of the house so we could use magic with an old wand of my grandfathers and the Ministry couldn’t tell. We used to create fires and cook on them, sometimes the two of us would spend whole weekends out there.”

 

Daphne chuckled, “Astoria and I used to fall asleep up in the tower a lot. We would wake up shivering and huddling together for warmth then we would sneak back downstairs to our bedrooms. We had to sneak because my father had a temper and he wouldn’t have approved of us staying up late.”

 

“Your father was Cygnus Greengrass, wasn’t he?”

 

Daphne nodded, “He was 28 when he married my mother. She was only 18, she had just finished Hogwarts, and she had all of these dreams and aspirations for her life. She wanted to become a Healer and work with kids in St. Mungo’s, but the marriage was arranged so she had to marry Cygnus when he demanded it and he demanded it as soon as he could,” she paused to take a breath, “My mother hated my father. He was an icy man, and he could be a ruthless man too. My mother…she had a foolish heart, she would fall in love so easily, and I don’t know how many affairs she had over the years. I remember the men I would see around the house, she would tell me they were lawyers here to survey the house or relations that I had never heard of but the older I got, the more I realised what was really going on. Mind you; a couple of them were her relations. She’s a pureblood, and the Crouch's weren’t much better than the Blacks.”

 

Charlie snorted in amusement, “We might be blood traitors, but my mother was a Prewett. She and my father are related, second cousins once removed, I think.”

 

“Like Harry and I,” Daphne said with an amused smile, “Anyway when I was six, my father worked out that my mother had been betraying him for years,” Daphne said, “He got angry then he got drunk, and he set fire to the house with all of us in it. My mother got us all out with nothing more than minor burns, and while we were in St. Mungo’s, I begged her not to go back to my father, but she said that she had no choice. She begged my father to take her back, and he did, after beating her within an inch of her life.”

 

Bill flinched slightly at those words, although he was trying his best to remain neutral.

 

“My father made her swear to stay faithful to him. He said that if she did, then he would provide for her and me and Astoria even though…” Daphne sighed and looked up, “Harry doesn’t even know this part, Bill.”

 

Bill nodded, “I’ll keep it in confidence.”

 

“He said he promised to provide for her and her daughters even if one of them wasn’t his,” Daphne said as she cast her eyes down once more, “He was always kinder to me than Astoria, and there was a part of me that wondered about the difference in appearance between us. I have blonde hair and blue eyes like both of my parents, Astoria has the same eyes as me but dark hair so it wasn’t difficult to work it out. Astoria doesn’t know, and as far as I’m concerned she doesn’t need to know…” she trailed off for a moment, “But anyway, my father died in a somewhat noble way, ironically enough. He wasn’t a good father or a nice man, but he wasn’t a Death Eater, they killed him when he refused to join.”

 

When Daphne looked up at Bill, he said nothing and his face gave nothing away. She laughed humourlessly, “I did say that you didn’t want to hear my sob story. I bet you have no idea what to say now, right?”

 

Bill shook his head slowly, “I’m glad that you told me because I feel like I understand you on a different level now. I was quiet because I was debating whether I should tell you something that nobody apart from my brother knows about me, not even my wife.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “I thought you Weasley’s were all about honesty.”

 

“We are,” Bill said, “But there are some things that even us Weasley’s don’t like to talk about. After everything that you just told me though, I think you deserve to know something about me that nobody knows.”

 

Daphne sipped her coffee and watched him with interest, “I’m listening.”

 

Bill, who had been sitting on the edge of his desk, got to his feet and walked over to the window. Since Bill had a nice office, there was a lovely view out over Diagon Alley, so this place was a real step-up from the cupboard she had been stuck in with Fawley.

 

“When I was a kid, it was just me and Charlie against the world,” Bill began, “Don’t get me wrong, our parents loved us, but they just had so many kids in quick succession that it was hard to give a lot of attention to any of them. I was six when Percy was born, and after that, Charlie and I were left to our own devices most of the time. I’m two years older than him, so Mum always trusted me to look after him, she wasn’t worried about letting us out of the house as long as we didn’t leave the grounds because Voldemort was around, gathering support. The Order of the Phoenix was terrified that he would strike. I remember growing up in fear…I was eleven when Voldemort disappeared, the night he tried to kill Harry, I had just started Hogwarts.”

 

“Merlin,” Daphne breathed, “I can’t imagine that, growing up with that around you only to have to relieve it as an adult when he came back.”

 

Bill nodded solemnly but said no more on the subject, “Charlie’s birthday is in December, and he always loved when it would snow on his birthday, but it didn’t happen very often. The first year that it did happen was his fifth birthday, I had just turned seven and I promised to take him out in the snow. Mum said it was fine as long as we didn’t go any further than the orchard, but we knew that there was a lake just beyond there…Dad had taken us fishing there once.”

 

Daphne listened to Bill’s tale with as much attention as he had listened to hers.

 

“Charlie kept bugging me, he said he wanted me to use Grandads old wand to make his shoes into ice skates,” Bill said quietly, “He wanted to skate on the pond because it was frozen over and he just kept nagging until I said that it was okay. I transfigured our shoes then we left the orchard, and as we were no longer on the grounds of the house, we were no longer protected by all of the enchantments that the order had put on the place.”

 

Daphne had a horrible feeling that she knew where this was going, but she stayed silent and nodded as Bill continued, “At first, it was worth it because the minute Charlie got on the ice, it was obvious that he loved it. I didn’t skate much, I just watched him and warned him to stay away from the thin patches of ice, he was a clever kid, so he knew where to skate,” he paused for a breath and glanced over at Daphne, “And this is the bit where you wait for me to tell you that the ice broke and he fell in, isn’t it?”

 

Daphne nodded, “Is that what happened?”

 

“No,” Bill said, a dark look flitted across his face briefly, “Something worse than that happened. We heard noises coming from the woods by the orchard; we knew it wasn’t Mum or Dad because the orchard is the only part of those woods in our property and the entrance was right in front of the lake. I called Charlie off of the ice and told him to pull his skates off in case we had to run, I told him to be very quiet as we crawled back to the orchard so that nobody would see us. We nearly made it, but when we got close, somebody came out of the woods.”

 

Daphne felt tense just listening to the story, so she didn’t blame Bill for having tensed up entirely. He shut his eyes tightly and said, “I now know that the people I saw were Bellatrix Lestrange and the two Lestrange brothers, but back then, I didn’t. Charlie and I hid behind the trees while they dragged a bloody body out of the woods, Bellatrix was cackling, and the two brothers were looking around to make sure that nobody was watching them. I still don’t know who that man was, but I remember them stringing him up in the forest naked, I told Charlie to look away, but I know he saw more than a five-year-old should have seen. I’ve never been able to get the image of that man hanging from the tree, naked and with his head on a spike above him, out of my head. I still have nightmares about it, and I still hate going out in wooded areas alone at night time because every silhouette looks like the shadow of that man. Charlie and I ran home afterwards, and I made him promise not to tell anyone what he had seen, and he never did but…”

 

Bill opened his eyes and sighed, “It left a mark on him. He couldn’t connect with people for such a long time; animals were his solace because he found them easier than people. His love for dragons was stronger than his love for people, and it cost him so much happiness. I never really forgave myself for that. Not when it lost him Dora…not when it made him move across the world to work with dragons. This last year, having him back and seeing him falling in love with Aurora all over again…well, it’s the first time I’ve allowed myself to stop feeling guilty for what happened all of those years ago.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “I can understand that, all of it. Astoria saw horrible things; she was terrified after the fire. Then again, so was I. It took Harry to cure me of my fear of fire and fireworks, but even though it wasn’t my fault, I never stopped blaming myself for not being able to shield Astoria from everything that my father did.”

 

Bill sighed, “If I tell you something Daphne, you have to promise to keep it to yourself.”

 

Daphne nodded, “Don’t worry, I’m very good at keeping secrets. I have to be; Harry has a lot of them.”

 

“I can imagine,” Bill said thoughtfully, “What you said about me having a good childhood…well, that’s not entirely true. I never really had a childhood if I’m honest, I had so many siblings, and my dad worked so much that I became like a surrogate father to the younger ones. I remember spending my summer holidays looking after Ron and Ginny so Mum could sleep because she was so exhausted. I don’t want to resent them for that, but I do, and because I had to basically raise them, I find it hard to connect with them. Charlie is the only one who really feels like my younger brother. Does that make any sense?”

 

“Kind of,” Daphne admitted, “But I only have one sister, so I am finding it a bit hard to follow.”

 

“I just never had much in common with my siblings,” Bill admitted, “We all love Quidditch, but beyond that, there isn’t much. Percy was always too academic for me to connect with, and Fred and George always did their own thing together. Ron irritated me, and I found him to be quite childish because, at the end of the day, he is ten years younger than me. Then Ginny…she’s always been my baby sister, but I’ve never connected with her on a deeper level than that. This is a horrible thing to say because I know families shouldn’t have favourites, but I do, I feel like my favourite siblings are Charlie and Harry.”

 

“Harry?” Daphne asked with interest.

 

Bill nodded, “I know it’s not by blood, but I relate to Harry, more than my actual siblings. He’s everything I wanted my younger siblings to be. Nobody else really had the same thirst for adrenaline and danger as me. It’s a horrible thing to prefer an adopted sibling to most of your blood ones, and it’s even more horrible to resent your siblings for stealing your childhood away.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “It’s not horrible to resent the people who stole your childhood. I never got to have a normal childhood; I spent most of it protecting Astoria from my Fathers rage after he drank too much. I never got to do normal things until I went to Hogwarts, Tracey took me to my first Quidditch game in my third year.

 

Bill smiled, “I remember taking Harry to his first Quidditch game. We all went to see Bulgaria play Ireland and I never realised how big a deal it was for him. I had grown up seeing Quidditch with my dad, so I took it for granted, but it was a pretty awesome thing to see his reaction to his first professional game.”

 

“It’s all about making sure that you don’t make the same mistakes as your parents when you’re raising your own kids,” Daphne said thoughtfully, “We take Teddy to every match we can, and he’s not old enough to take it in yet. He just likes the atmosphere and the fact he gets ice cream after, but it’s important to Harry.”

 

“What’s important to you?” Bill asked curiously.

 

“Making sure that he gets fun holidays and an ordinary life,” Daphne replied, “We have this cottage in Devon, and I love taking him there. I love taking him to the beach or letting him play in a park because I never got to do any of that. I want him to be able to enjoy being a kid while he can because it’s all over so quickly and the real-world sucks.”

 

“Ah, it’s not so bad all of the time,” Bill said with a smile, “When you love what you do, that helps.”

 

“Love helps in general,” Daphne said in a contemplative way as she sipped her coffee.

 

“For those of us who are lucky enough to find true, pure love then yes, it does,” Bill agreed.

 

“I’m lucky,” Daphne admitted, “I never believed in love if I’m completely honest. I thought it was a trick, a rush of pheromones that trick the body into reproducing, natures way of ensuring the human race survives another day. I was sceptic because of what I had grown up seeing, and I never wanted to fall in love, I never wanted to experience pain like my mother had, but then I met Harry, and all of my preconceptions went out of the window. The kind of love he has for me and I have for him…it’s nothing that I’ve ever experienced or that I could ever have imagined and I suppose if we’re going to be doing the whole complete honesty partnership thing, I should tell you that I’m marrying him, soon.”

 

Bill smiled slightly, “How soon?”

 

“This New Year,” Daphne replied, “It’s a surprise. We’re having a New Years party, but it’s actually a wedding. You’re the only person who knows, apart from Harry and Astoria.”

 

“In that case I’m honoured,” Bill said with a broad smile, “And I’m happy that you managed to end that conversation on a happy note because it was getting very doom and gloom for a moment there.”

 

Daphne laughed weakly, “Yes, it was,” she agreed.

 

Bill cleared his throat and got to his feet, “I don’t know about you, but I feel like we are rather well acquainted now.”

 

Daphne chuckled, “I feel the same. Does that mean we get to go out on a job?”

 

“It does indeed,” Bill said, “Now I spoke to a couple of colleagues yesterday about the guidelines concerning trainee Curse Breakers, and they said that foreign jobs are off-limits until you have been here for six months. So we are stuck in the UK, but I made sure I got the top-priority list of jobs in the UK so we should have the interesting cases, not the cursed toilets that were biting Muggles arses.”

 

Daphne grinned, “What kind of interesting cases?”

 

“Well,” Bill said as he pulled a brown file out of a drawer in his desk, “Our first case is rather interesting indeed. It concerns a Miss Penelope Van Houston from Cambridge. She claims that a 1,206-year-old family heirloom is cursed. Every time it gets a new owner, that new owner has suffered.”

 

“Interesting,” Daphne said as they left the office together, “What is the item?”

 

“It’s a wine cabinet,” Bill replied, “Apparently everyone who comes into possession of it starts having horrible nightmares then bad things happen to them. The last few owners have been known to get mysterious diseases or have died sudden deaths.”

 

“You’re right, much more interesting than a cursed toilet seat,” Daphne said with a smile, “Thanks Bill, for being my mentor and for opening up to me.”

 

Bill smiled at her, “Thank you for playing along with my rules. Now, I don’t know about you, but I’m ready to do some real work now.”

 

Daphne grinned, “Me too.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“How was Daphne’s first day with the new mentor?”

 

Harry glanced up at Draco, “Oh, it was great. Bill is the best Curse Breaker in 20 years, and he called her his protégé, and they got to go out on this case with a 1,000year-old cursed wine cabinet. She wouldn’t stop talking about it for two hours last night.”

 

Draco snorted, “Are you worried yet?”

 

Harry shook his head and smiled, “Nah, I trust her completely, and even if I didn’t, Bill’s not that kind of guy. I do think its funny that she’s acting like a fangirl though, I’ve popped that in my blackmail bank in case I need it later.”

 

Draco grinned, “I’ve taught you well.”

 

Harry sniggered at that, “Where on earth are the other two? It’s 5 to 8, Sumner won’t be happy if they show up late for their first real day on the job.”

 

“They won’t be late,” Draco said, his eyes flicked towards the clock, “Theo is never late for anything important.”

 

As if on cue, the lecture hall door opened and Theo walked in with Neville in tow. When the two of them sat down in the seats that Harry and Draco had saved for them; they were immediately questioned.

 

“Is it a coincidence that you two arrived at the same time?”

 

“No, I was apologising to Theo for being a dick yesterday,” Neville said with a pointed look at them, “Since you two ganged up on me and basically forced me to.”

 

“And you just accepted his apology?” Draco asked Theo in disbelief, “Just like okay, thanks for apologising? Because I have to buy you broomsticks or literally beg for your forgiveness on my knees when I piss you off.”

 

Theo smirked, “That’s just because I like to see the lengths you will go to for my forgiveness Draco.”

 

Neville sniggered and said, “Typical Slytherin,” while Draco shook his head in disgust at his Auror partner.

 

“I didn’t just accept his apology anyway,” Theo added, “I made him buy me breakfast.”

 

“So that’s why you were nearly late,” Harry said with an amused smile, “How did you apologise exactly, Nev?”

 

“I just told Theo about the merits of Red Panda’s,” Neville answered, “I spent hours researching them last night. Did you know that Lilly has a book for everything?”

 

“No, but that doesn’t surprise me,” Draco said in amusement, “Being engaged to Hermione Granger and all. If there’s an answer she can’t find in a book, she has a nervous breakdown about it.”

 

Neville snorted, “Yeah, no wonder her and Lil are friends.”

 

“So what are the merits of Red Panda’s then?” Harry asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

Neville launched into a rather lengthy explanation, “They don’t eat nuts, contrary to Theo’s belief. They actually eat bamboo, eggs, birds and insects. They are solitary animals, active at night time and mostly sedentary during the day-”

 

“No wonder I’m a Red Panda,” Theo cut in with a suggestive look, “Active at night time.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, and Harry sniggered while Neville continued, “They are very territorial animals, and they are generally quiet.”

 

Draco snorted, “Quiet? That’s definitely not like Theo. Territorial sounds about right though.”

 

“I’m not that territorial,” Theo snorted. He lowered his voice to a whisper and said, “I shared Sadie with you, didn’t I?”

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at him and whispered back, “More like you shared her with Hermione.”

 

“What are you two whispering about?”

 

“Nothing,” Draco and Theo said in unison.

 

Neville raised an eyebrow, “As I was saying, Red Pandas are also very sensitive to heat. They can’t tolerate temperatures over 25°C.”

 

“Like Theo when there was a heatwave in Paris during his honeymoon,” Harry said with a grin.

 

“That sunburn still hurts!” Theo objected.

 

“So what have we learned? You don’t like heat, you’re territorial, and you’re active at night time?” Draco asked with an amused look, “I mean, I could have just asked Sadie a few pointed questions to work that out.”

 

“Shut up Draco.”

 

Neville hid his amused smile, “Did you also know that Red Pandas have a fight or flee mechanism when threatened like humans do? They either climb a rock column or a tree to escape or they stand on their hind legs to make themselves appear larger. Then they use their sharp claws to defend themselves.”

 

“So I am useful, I have sharp claws, and I can defend myself,” Theo said with a pointed look, “If I lose my wand then that could be useful.”

 

“So long as there aren’t wards stopping you from transforming,” Harry added.

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “Well, obviously.”

 

Before they could talk, or bicker, on the issue any further, the door to the hall opened, and Sumner stepped in.

 

“Alright recruits! Today the real hard work begins!”

 

 

The real hard work really was hard. They spent the first part of the morning flying around the obstacle course in the grounds of the base then they were thrown right into the deep end with interrogation training. They had to work in their Auror pairs taking turns being the interrogator and the victim. Theo gave the whole room, including Auror Lorne, a laugh when the interrogation topic that he chose was, “Why did you steal the last sandwich at my party? You know cheese and cucumber is my favourite!” 

 

As Harry had expected, he was better at being the interrogator than Neville. Still, then again, Neville also hated roleplay situations like this because they made him feel insecure and nervous.

 

After interrogation training, they had a lecture, and by that point, everyone was pretty tired, so they were quite pleased to be able to sit down for a while. Auror Carter spent the next hour lecturing them about stealth and questioning them on all of the ways you could stealthily sneak into enemy territory. Once all of the obvious ones had been shouted out (disillusionment charm, change of appearance with glamour charms, use polyjuice potion) Harry and his friends began to call out the more obscure ways.

 

“Use an invisibility cloak,” Harry said.

 

Auror Carter smiled in the way someone smiled politely when they thought somebody had said something stupid, “Well yes but they are scarce and expensive Mr Potter. Not many people have access to them.”

 

Harry just shot his friends an amused look. Auror Carter then asked if they had any other ideas, and Theo shot his hand up in the air, “Use your animagus form and sneak in.”

 

“Again Mr Nott,” Auror Carter said politely, “Becoming an Animagus is a challenging thing. One must be a very skilled witch or wizard, so not many people have that option available to them.”

 

“And even if they did,” Ophelia cut in, “Surely some animagus forms would be no use for stealth purposes?”

 

“A phoenix would be useful if you need to heal someone and it can also fly,” Harry pointed out.

 

“Or a lion would be useful if you were in a jungle,” Neville added.

 

“Or the zoo,” Draco said.

 

“A dragon is pretty useless though,” Theo said, shooting Draco a smirk, “Not at all stealthy.”

 

“Unless you wanted to sneak into a dragon reserve,” Draco pointed out.

 

“A Red Panda is very stealthy,” Theo said, “And small and cat-like.”

 

“Alright boys,” Auror Carter said in a slightly raised voice, “Yes, some animagus forms can be stealthy when used in the right environment. However, it is too rare an option for us to consider in great detail. Now, let’s talk about polyjuice potion. We don’t teach you how to make it at schools in the UK, so I don’t expect you to know any of this yet, don’t worry. Does anyone know what any of the key ingredients are in a polyjuice potion?”

 

Harry grinned, he was in his element, his hand shot right up into the air.

 

Carter looked surprised. She probably knew from his application that Potions wasn’t his best subject, “Yes, Mr Potter?”

 

“Shredded boomslang skin, lacewing flies that have to be stewed for 21 days, leeches, powdered bicorn horn, knotgrass and fluxweed, oh and that has to be picked at the full moon,” Harry rattled off, “Then, of course, there’s the piece of the person you want to turn into. They used to be brutal and rip off people’s toenails or fingernails, but now generally people just use hair.”

 

Harry revelled in Carter’s surprised look, “Uh…yes. That is spot on. Would anyone happen to know anything about the complex way in which it is made?”

 

Harry raised his hand again.

 

“Yes, Potter?”

 

“It is brewed in two parts. Each part has two steps,” Harry said, “First you have to add fluxweed and knotgrass then let the potion brew for an hour and a half. Then you add leeches and lacewing flies and heat briefly. After that you add boomslang skin and bicorn horn and heat briefly, you have to let it brew for 24 hours after that part. Then during the last part, you add some more lacewings, stir and add the piece of the person you want to become.”

 

Carter frowned at him, “Mr Potter, have you brewed this potion before?”

 

“No,” Harry said honestly. It was the truth, he had watched other people make it, but he had never brewed it himself.

 

“Then how exactly do you know how it is made?” Carter asked, “This is a highly advanced potion. It is never taught at N.E.W.T level, and the only books about it in Hogwarts are in the restricted section.”

 

“I was always rather adept at getting into the restricted section without a teachers note, Ma’am,” Harry said with a slight smile.

 

Carter raised an eyebrow at him, “And you did so just to read up on potions?”

 

“I needed all the help I could get,” Harry said.

 

It was clear that Carter didn’t believe him, but she merely smiled slightly and said, “I see. Now, as with all potions, there are restrictions. You must never use the potion to transform into an animal form rather than a human form. The consequences can be very severe, chiefly you could be trapped in that form forever, or you could be left with animal-like tendencies.”

 

“Does Hermione have any cat-like tendencies?” Theo whispered to Draco, “Can you make her purr?”

 

Draco snorted in amusement and Harry said, “She definitely has claws.”

 

Draco winced, “Don’t remind me.”

 

“This is cute, you two comparing notes about your-”

 

“-don’t say it,” Harry and Draco echoed.

 

“-pussy.”

 

“Fucking idiot,” Neville muttered as he hid an amused smile.

 

Carter gave the boys a pointed look and raised her voice, “I assume that everyone here knows that the Ministry has restrictions concerning the brewing of polyjuice potion. The justice department can use it at their discretion for undercover jobs and the like. However, it is not to be abused by the public. Can anyone tell me why that might be?”

 

People started to spout out answers such as, you could turn into someone and sleep with their girlfriend which is technically sexual assault or, you could turn into someone then go into their home and steal all of their money. While these answers were spouted out, Draco whispered, “By the way, how did you remember all of that?”

 

“I am not as shit a friend as you seem to think,” Harry murmured, “Ron wasn’t bothered about keeping Hermione company while she slaved over that potion for weeks, but I was.”

 

Draco raised an eyebrow at him, “Congratulations, you’ve just earned another grain of respect.”

 

Harry snorted at this and focused his attention on Auror Carter once more.

 

 

By the time the lecture was over, Harry was starving, and he couldn’t wait to get some lunch.

However, before he got to the hall, he was pulled aside by Auror Sheppard, “Potter! Do you have a minute?”

 

Harry nodded, “Yes, sir.”

 

“Great, we need a word with you in the office,” Sheppard said, “It’s just along the corridor.”

 

Harry’s heart began to thump harder and faster than it had when he had been flying that morning. They wanted a word with him in the office? On his first day? He started trying to work out what he had done wrong.

 

Thankfully, the office was a short walk away, so he didn’t have to contemplate for too long. He stepped in, and his mouth went dry when he saw Auror Sumner sitting behind the desk looking rather solemn. Sheppard shut the door behind them and leant against the counter.

 

“I assume you know why you’re here, son,” Sumner said.

 

Harry shook his head, “No…I’m sorry, but I don’t.”

 

Sumner sighed and glanced down, “I understand that you’re a powerful wizard and that you killed Voldemort. But that doesn’t give you the right to put Curse Breakers in hospital.”

 

Harry’s heart sank, “No sir, you don’t understand-”

 

“What I understand is that your magical signature showed up on the tiny little island of St. Kilda along with a few others on Sunday night. The next thing we know, Curse Breaker Fawley is in St. Mungo’s with serious injuries claiming that he had a bad fall. Do you care to explain that?”

 

Harry bit back his fear of being thrown out of the program and nodded, “Yes sir, I can explain it. Stuart Fawley sexually assaulted my fiancé. He was made her mentor because she’s a Trainee Curse Breaker at Gringotts. He abused that position by touching her, kissing her without her consent and then taking her to a cottage that he knew had an ancient lust curse on it. She managed to break free, minutes before he planned to rape her.”

 

Sumner and Sheppard's stoic facades fell away as genuine disgust showed on their faces.

 

Harry took a breath, “Frankly, sir, I would have killed him if it wasn’t for the fact that I had Neville there to make sure I didn’t. Fawley deserved to pay for what he did because you know as well as I do that he wouldn’t have been prosecuted for it because it wasn’t rape. You also know as well as I do that the woman gets the blame in the majority of cases like this. So someone had to show that sick bastard what happens when you violate a woman like that.”

 

Sumner and Sheppard caught each other’s eyes for a moment then Sumner nodded, “I completely understand. The justice system has gaps, and men like that…they tend to fall through those gaps more often than not.”

 

“It’s wrong sir, with all due respect,” Harry said.

 

Sheppard nodded, “It is wrong, but we’re working on fixing it. Right now, cases like that, they get handled by the Domestics department, which is overworked and understaffed. Our guy there does the best he can, but with all of our efforts focused on rooting out corrupt Aurors and tracking down the last few Death Eaters, men like Fawley do fall through the gaps right now.”

 

Harry gave a short nod but said nothing more.

 

“This would usually be investigated by a higher power,” Sumner admitted, “But Sheppard and myself both have wives. I know how I would react in your situation, and I expect Sheppard feels the same.”

 

Sheppard nodded.

 

“So it will remain within the walls of this office,” Sumner finished, “But you must learn Potter, you are not above the law because you killed Voldemort. If anything like this happens again, we will follow the procedures that we are required to follow by law and Auror or not; you will be prosecuted.”

 

“I understand sir,” Harry said with a solemn nod, “It won’t happen again.”

 

“I believe you,” Sumner said honestly, “But thankfully, we don’t need to worry about that because Shep took a statement from Curse Breaker Fawley last night. What did he say to you again, Shep?”

 

“That he was drunk and fell down the stairs, sir,” Sheppard replied calmly, “Caught himself real nastily in a sensitive place too, so I hear.”

 

“That’s unfortunate,” Sumner said, “Dismissed Recruit Potter.”

 

“Thank you, sir,” Harry said. He stepped out of the office with Sheppard, and the older man put a hand on his shoulder.

 

“You alright, Potter?”

 

Harry nodded, “Yes, sir.”

 

“And your fiancé?”

 

“She will be,” Harry replied.

 

Sheppard nodded, “Good. Next time, cover up your wand signature.”

 

Without another word, he walked away down the corridor.

 

 

Neville was nearly bouncing off the walls as the group of friends walked to the hospital wing after lunch.

 

“Jeez Neville, I know you’re excited about seeing Lilly, but you aren’t going to jump her the second we walk in, are you?”

 

Neville whacked Theo around the head, “Shut up, Theo. You have your other half back now. Mine is still stuck on the other side of the channel.”

 

“When mine is gone she’s further away though,” Theo pointed out.

 

“It’s not a competition,” Draco drawled.

 

“Everything is a competition,” Theo said, “And I need to win something. I certainly didn’t win the Animagus form competition.”

 

“Oh, Harry wins that,” Neville agreed.

 

“Hey! I can fly too, and I have super strength just like he does,” Draco objected.

 

“Yes, but can you heal people with your tears?” Neville asked.

 

“No, but I can breathe fire,” Draco said.

 

“So Harry heals, and you destroy,” Neville said thoughtfully.

 

“Quite accurate really,” Theo remarked when they reached the hospital wing.

 

“You’re supposed to be on my side, you idiot,” Draco muttered, he whacked Theo around the head for good measure, and the two of them bickered into the hospital wing.

 

Harry shook his head in amusement and looked over at Neville. He was scanning the room for Lilly, and when he saw her, his eyes lit up. She grinned and waved him over.

 

“Hey, stranger.”

 

“Hey,” Neville said with a stupid smile, “I hate the fact I can’t hug you or kiss you right now.”

 

“Self-control is an excellent trait to train yourself up on,” Lilly said with a grin, “How’s your first day going?”

 

“It’s busy,” Neville said honestly, “How’s France?”

 

“Busy, stinking of onions, the usual,” Lilly joked.

 

“And Marcel?”

 

“He’s backed off since Clara spoke to him,” Lilly promised, “So you don’t need to march over to France and kick his arse this weekend, don’t worry.”

 

“Damn, I was kind of looking forward to it,” Neville admitted with a grin.

 

“Longbottom! Quit acting like a lovestruck puppy and get back to your partner!”

 

Lilly chuckled, and Neville shot her an amused look before walking back to Harry. The person who had barked the instructions didn’t look intimidating, but Harry had a feeling that would turn out to be a false first impression.

 

“My name is Auror Frasier,” She began. Frasier had short mousy brown hair and kind looking brown eyes. She was barely 5 foot, but Harry imagined she could pack a punch when she needed too, just like Lilly, “And I am the Senior Trauma Healer in charge of this hospital wing. It will be me you will have to answer to if I see you in this place more than twice a year. Does anyone envision that being a problem?”

 

Harry raised his hand.

 

“Oh, you do, Potter, do you?” Frasier asked, “Why would that be?”

 

“Uh…in school I averaged out at about four trips to the hospital wing a year,” Harry admitted sheepishly.

 

“Then you need to get better at dealing with your own injuries,” Frasier said curtly which of course made his friends snigger, “And this is what Trainee Trauma Healer Lillian Moon will be teaching you. She will graduate at the same time as you lot; she will be patching you up in the middle of duels, so you’re going to owe a lot to her. The sooner you learn to respect the people that keep you alive in this job, the better.”

 

Harry nodded, that sounded more than fair.

 

“That is the purpose of these afternoon sessions,” Frasier continued, “You will be set tasks, and if anyone has any questions, you are to go to Miss Moon, and she will help you. If she can’t help you, which I doubt because she seems like a very competent young woman, then she will come to me or one of my colleagues for help. Do you all understand?”

 

Everyone nodded.

 

“Good,” Frasier said, “I’m going to introduce you to the other hospital wing staff, and then I’m going to leave you to it. This is Auror Carson; he is an Auror first and a Healer second which means that he does most of the fieldwork around here.”

 

Auror Carson had a kind, shy face and bright blue eyes. He smiled and said, “Hello,” in a broad Scottish accent.

 

“And this is Trauma Healer Keller, she mostly stays on base, and she does the bulk of the training,” Frasier said, “So acquaint yourselves with her because you will see a lot of her over the next few months.”

 

Keller smiled. She was a beautiful woman with long, dark blonde hair and kind eyes. Everyone here had kind eyes; Harry had a feeling that Frasier was a bit like Pomfrey, a softie at heart.

 

“Hi everyone,” Keller said, “Today's first task is simple. I want you all to practice basic healing charms, so we’re talking about things like sealing a minor cut and soothing a slight burn. We don’t want to throw you in at the deep end, that’s never a good idea with people who have no experience of healing magic. Can I just start by asking you to raise your hand if you have any experience?”

 

Harry, Neville, Draco and Theo all raised their hands.

 

Keller smiled, “I’ll just ask you to summarise what you know for me. Starting with Recruit Potter?”

 

“I learned the basics during the war,” Harry admitted, “But I was never any good. Herm – my friend – told me that my hand shook too much.”

 

Keller chuckled, “That’s common for beginners, but it will go away when you feel less nervous about performing healing magic. Recruit Longbottom?”

 

“I’m pretty good with the after-care charms for the cruciatus curse,” Neville said, “I used them a lot during the war when my fellow students and I were being tortured in school. I can heal a shallow cut or a first-degree burn too, Lil -  I mean Trainee Trauma Healer Moon – taught me during the war.”

 

Lilly shot Neville a sympathetic smile, and Keller nodded, “That is good to know. Recruit Nott?”

 

“I know the basics. I can heal cuts, bruises, burns, etc,” Theo answered, “I taught myself in school.”

 

Draco nodded and looked down, “Yes, I’m in the same boat as Theo.”

 

Harry and Neville both knew why their friends were good with healing magic. They had learned it while looking after themselves or in Draco’s case, his mother. It was the consequence of growing up in an abusive situation; Daphne was also very adept with healing magic.

 

Keller obviously sensed this too because she smiled sympathetically at the boys and continued, “Thank you for that summary guys. In that case, work in your Auror pairs. Inflict slight injuries on yourselves and then try to heal your Auror partners injuries. Myself and Miss Moon will be floating about observing you all and correcting your technique, so just ask if you need any help at any point. Is that all clear?”

 

There was a chorus of, “Yes, Ma’am.”

 

“Does Trainee Trauma Healer Moon need to help you perfect your technique, Nev?” Theo asked with a grin.

 

“There’s nothing wrong with my technique,” Neville snorted as he and Harry made their way towards their work station.

 

Harry sniggered at Neville’s expense, and the taller boy said, “Oi, watch who you’re laughing at. I saw that look.”

 

“What look?” Harry asked as Neville sealed up a cut on his arm.

 

“The look on your face when you saw Keller,” Neville said, smirking at his friend.

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “There was no look.”

 

“Yeah right,” Neville scoffed, “Tall, blonde bombshell. She’s totally your type.”

 

“I am happily engaged,” Harry reminded Neville.

 

“That doesn’t stop you from finding other people attractive,” Neville pointed out, “You think she’s hot.”

 

“I do not,” Harry objected, “Ouch!”

 

“Stay still then,” Neville said.

 

“Shut up about Keller then,” Harry bit back.

 

“Admit that you think she’s hot and I will,” Neville said.

 

“Fine,” Harry muttered, “She’s pretty fit. You happy now?”

 

“Oh yeah,” Neville smirked as he looked over Harry’s shoulder, “Hi Healer Keller.”

 

Harry’s cheeks went scarlet, “Neville, can I inflict your next injury, please?”

 

Keller walked around to the front of their work station and smiled, although her cheeks were slightly pink, “I would advise against that Mr Potter. Great work there, Mr Longbottom, the wound just needs to be sealed a little more tightly. Do you mind if I demonstrate?”

 

“Not at all,” Neville said, he shot Harry a slightly wicked smirk and took a step back. Keller sat down in front of Harry and took his arm with one hand, with the other she held her wand steadily and began to tighten the wound while it sealed.

 

“Is that at all painful?” She asked Harry.

 

Harry shook his head, “No Ma’am,” he said while keeping his head down.

 

“There we go,” Keller said kindly, “Do you see how much tighter that is Mr Longbottom? That will reduce the risk of infection greatly.”

 

Neville nodded, “Thank you, ma’am,” he said as Keller walked away to see how Ophelia and Blanche were getting on.

 

“You are a fucking dick,” Harry muttered the moment Keller was out of earshot.

 

“I haven’t seen your cheeks that scarlet since the days of Cho Chang,” Neville joked.

 

“If I were you, I would shut up before Lilly gets over here,” Harry said, “Because you forget that I shared a dorm with you for seven years and spent two weeks in the wilderness with you.”

 

“I really don’t see the significance of that,” Neville said calmly, he inflicted a small cut upon himself and held his arm out.

 

“Don’t you?” Harry asked casually. He took Neville’s arm and held his wand, a little shakily, in the direction of the cut, “Because the thing is Nev, you talk in your sleep, you always have done, and you’ve said some pretty interesting things over the years.”

 

Neville snorted, “You’re bluffing, I’d know if I talked in my sleep.”

 

“If I was bluffing would I know about a certain reoccurring dream you spent two years having about Professor Sinistra?” Harry asked as he began to seal the cut up.

 

Neville’s eyes widened.

 

Harry smirked, “Or about that little curious phase you went through in sixth year when a certain Slytherins name came up in your sleep-”

 

“Oh fuck off,” Neville muttered, “No fucking way.”

 

“No, it was more like, Theo fucking Nott,” Harry grinned.

 

“I hate you,” Neville muttered, “But I remember the Cedric dreams.”

 

“Nightmares.”

 

“And the Draco Malfoy ones,” Neville said with an evil smile, “Definitely not nightmares. Not from the noises-”

 

“Once!” Harry hissed, “It was once!”

 

Neville raised an eyebrow at him, “Shall we just agree that I’ll keep all of your dirty secrets if you keep mine?”

 

“Deal,” Harry said quickly, “Pleasure doing business with you.”

 

Neville rolled his eyes, “You spend too much time with Draco these days,” he grumbled.

 

Before Harry could say anymore, Lilly had reached them, “Harry, you are massacring my boyfriend’s arm.”

 

“I know,” Harry said irritably, “But I just can’t keep my wand steady when I’m doing healing magic. I don’t know why because I can hold it steady fine for other sorts of magic.”

 

“It’s because you’re nervous,” Lilly said, “You have this preconception that you’re bad at healing magic because Hermione told you so during the war. It’s that preconception that is making your hand shake.”

 

Lilly took his arm gently and steadied it, “Now, close your eyes and tell yourself that you can do this, then open them again.”

 

Harry did as she said. When he opened his eyes, Lilly let go of his hand, and it had stopped shaking, “Woah Lil! How did you do that?”

 

“I didn’t do anything,” Lilly said with a smile, “You did. Now seal up this cut and let me see how tight it is.”

 

Harry finished sealing up the cut, in a straight line this time. Lilly smiled and nodded, “Great job. You just need to have more faith in yourself.”

 

Neville smiled at her, “You’re good at this whole, being an authority figure thing.”

 

Lilly shot him a suggestive look, “Does it turn you on?”

 

“Oh Merlin, I do not want to be in the middle of this conversation,” Harry said with a vaguely amused look.

 

Neville snorted in amusement, “Fat chance of any flirting going on with you here.”

 

“Sorry to kill the mood, but we are supposed to be working,” Harry pointed out.

 

Lilly laughed, “Harry has a point. I’m going to check how Draco and Theo are getting on. See you two in a bit.”

 

“See you later,” Neville said as Lilly walked away. The moment she was out of earshot Neville muttered, “Thanks for being a cock block.”

 

Harry grinned, “What were you going to do? Have a quickie in the fucking supply closet?”

 

Neville kicked him under the table, “You’re a prick.”

 

 

“Very impressive, I can barely see where the cut was.”

 

Theo looked up and smiled, “That would be because I used a glamour laced healing charm to avoid scarring.”

 

Lilly looked impressed, “Very good. Who taught you that?”

 

Theo’s smile wavered, “I taught myself everything I know Lil, including healing magic.”

 

Lilly knew enough about his past not to question that so she just nodded, “How is Sadie, by the way?”

 

“Better,” Theo said honestly, “She’s eating now, not quite three square meals a day yet, but we’ll get there.”

 

“Now she’s home, her stomach will finally be able to settle,” Sadie said with a nod, “What’s she going to do when she goes back out there? She can’t let herself feel that ill for two weeks at a time.”

 

“I don’t know,” Theo said honestly, “We’ll work that out when it comes around, I suppose. At the moment I’m just glad she’s got her colour back.”

 

“And her attitude,” Draco said with an amused look Theo’s way, “I heard that she had to roar at you to get you out of bed this morning.”

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “When you say you heard, you mean Neville told you.”

 

“Why was Neville in your house this morning?” Lilly asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“Because he was a dick to me yesterday after we found out what our animagus forms were and he came to apologise,” Theo replied.

 

“Hold up a second; you found out what your animagus forms were yesterday? And Neville didn’t think to floo me to tell me about that?” Lilly asked in disbelief.

 

“In Neville’s defence, he did tell us not to mention it to you,” Draco said, with a pointed glare at Theo, “Because he knew you would be pissed off if we did and he wants to tell you in person.”

 

“Well I’m here, in person and he still hasn’t mentioned it,” Lilly pointed out.

 

“Give him time, he will,” Draco promised, “And we said nothing.”

 

Theo nodded sheepishly, “Sorry.”

 

“Idiot,” Draco muttered, it almost sounded affectionate.

 

Lilly would generally have laughed at the two of them, but she found herself feeling too irritated to do so. She circled the room again and ended up back with Harry and Neville about half an hour later.

 

“Good job with the burn healing,” Lilly said to Harry, “Much better than your first attempt with the cut.”

 

“I got a lot of burns when I broke into Gringotts,” Harry said casually.

 

Lilly snorted, “Only Harry Potter could say that casually and have it make sense.”

 

Neville sniggered, “That’s accurate. Hey Lil, since Keller isn’t lurking nearby this time, I have something to tell you.”

 

Lilly felt her irritation at Neville ease with those words. At least he had a reason for not mentioning it straight away, “What’s that?”

 

“We found out what our animagus forms were yesterday,” Neville said in an undertone, “And mine is awesome, can you guess what it is?”

 

“A bear?” Lilly guessed.

 

Neville shook his head, “Bigger, better and stronger.”

 

“Go on then,” Lilly said with a slight smile.

 

“A lion,” Neville said proudly, “A huge lion.”

 

“That is pretty awesome,” Lilly agreed, “I mean, I guess you definitely are a true Gryffindor too.”

 

“That’s what Harry said,” Neville said with a grin, “Draco is a dragon which I suppose makes sense.”

 

Lilly nodded, “Yep, his name does mean dragon. What’s Theo?”

 

Neville tried not to snigger as he said, “A Red Panda.”

 

“Aww,” Lilly said, “Red Pandas are the cutest animal ever!”

 

“Don’t say that to Theo,” Harry advised, “He wasn’t happy that everyone else was a powerful or magical creature while he was a cute little Red Panda.”

 

“Well it makes sense, Theo doesn’t have much luck with magical creatures,” Lilly said, “We wouldn’t want him setting fire to himself or something, would we?”

 

“You make a good point,” Neville chuckled.

 

“Red Pandas are solitary animals, they sleep all day and avoid predators,” Lilly added, “They look all cute and fluffy, but they are super territorial. When someone threatens their young or their mate, they get fierce so if you think about it…Theo is kinda like a Red Panda.”

 

“That’s true,” Harry said, “I had never thought about it like that.”

 

“I knew everything you just said because after I was a dick to Theo about his animagus form, I had to apologise to him,” Neville said, “The other two ganged up on me and called me a douche. Anyway, I researched Red Pandas, so I could tell Theo how awesome they were. Do you have a book for everything by the way?”

 

“Not quite everything,” Lilly said, “But I do love Red Pandas.”

 

“Should I be concerned about this newfound love for Theo?” Neville joked.

 

“Maybe,” Lilly countered with a slightly wicked smirk, “If you’re going to keep being a dick to people, then maybe you do need to be concerned.”

 

Neville narrowed his eyes at her to try and work out if she was serious or not.

 

“Speaking of lovely, cute, fluffy Theo,” Lilly said mischievously, “I had better go and see how he’s getting on.”

 

As Lilly walked away, Neville said, “She’s joking, right? About the Theo thing and the me being a dick thing?”

 

“She’s joking about the Theo thing,” Harry replied, “But not about the you being a dick thing.”

 

Neville groaned, “When did you become the smart one who gives advice about girls? You used to be clueless.”

 

“Daphne opened up my eyes,” Harry joked with a grin, “And you’re supposed to be burning yourself so stop looking at your girlfriend’s arse.”

 

 

“So I hear that you have the best animagus form,” Lilly said as she reached Draco and Theo’s workstation.

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “Very funny. I expected that from Nev, but I didn’t expect it from you, Lilly.”

 

“Watch the attitude!” Lilly exclaimed, “I was serious! I’d much rather be a Red Panda than a lion or a dragon. A phoenix is different, I mean, who wouldn’t want to be a phoenix?”

 

“I wouldn’t want to be a phoenix,” Draco muttered, “Poncy fancy birds.”

 

“Coming from the guy who keeps peacocks?” Lilly quipped.

 

“I have one peacock, one!” Draco defended himself, “And I only kept that one because I raised it from a baby.”

 

“He’s very attached to Princess,” Theo smirked.

 

“Princess?” Lilly grinned, “That’s what your peacock is called?”

 

“Okay firstly, fuck you, Theodore,” Draco said with a roll of his eyes, “Secondly, I was four when I named her.”

 

“Just saying, peacocks are fancy poncy animals,” Lilly said in a sing-song voice, “Lions are cool and yeah, they can rip someone to pieces in seconds, not that Neville would use it for that. But they are also kind of douchebags.”

 

“How exactly is a lion a douchebag?” Theo asked with an amused smile.

 

“Yeah, I’m dying to hear this one,” Draco said, leaning forward slightly.

 

“Well,” Lilly explained, “Lions live in prides. There are normally one or two lions to a few lionesses and their offspring with those lionesses. The thing is, the male lion doesn’t do much. The lionesses hunt to feed themselves, their young and the male while the male sits and does nothing for like 20 hours a day.”

 

“I think I can sense where this is going,” Theo said with a grin, “And I don’t think it paints Nev in the best light.”

 

Lilly shrugged, “I’m not saying he’s lazy, he’s worked hard to get where he is. What I am saying is that the lion doesn’t do much until his pride is threatened then he fights off the opposition. Lions are very territorial, jealous creatures and they are very arrogant, proud creatures.”

 

“No wonder he’s a bloody lion,” Theo joked.

 

“Exactly,” Lilly said with a smirk, “As for dragons…”

 

“Oh come on, what did I do to piss you off?” Draco asked.

 

“Nothing, I just thought you would like to understand how you relate to a dragon,” Lilly said honestly, “But if you’d rather not then I’ll just go over to Blanche and-”

 

“No, no,” Draco said quickly, “I would like to know, please.”

 

Theo sniggered because of how difficult it had been for Draco to say please just then. Lilly smirked again and said, “Well dragons are proud, not unlike yourself. They are also associated with wisdom because although they aren’t able to talk, studies have shown that they are vastly more intelligent than us. You have a thirst for knowledge; it’s why you and Hermione are so good together and that in itself makes you very similar to a dragon. There’s also the fact they breathe fire when they get pissy, that sounds familiar.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “That was sounding so good until you finished it with an insult.”

 

Lilly smirked and glanced at the clock; there wasn’t long left until their afternoon of practising healing magic was over, “Somebody has to keep you all humble. See you guys at the weekend.”

 

“I don’t know how Neville puts up with that,” Draco muttered as she walked away.

 

Lilly turned around and smirked, “It’s for the sex, Draco.”

 

Theo sniggered and was swiftly whacked around the back of the head for doing so.

 

 

When Theo got home on Wednesday night, he was exhausted. It hadn’t even been a particularly physical day, but his brain had been active from 8 am to 5 pm and that in itself was tiring.

 

He smiled when he stepped into the kitchen. The smell of something wonderful hit him straight away, and Sadie was singing along to the radio as she cooked it.

 

“Hey!” She chirped, “I feel a lot better today; I even managed to make spaghetti bolognaise, do you know how much I missed simple, tasty food that isn’t loaded with spices while I was in that place?”

 

Theo laughed, “Hey, it smells amazing, but you didn’t have to cook. I told you to rest.”

 

“I did rest,” Sadie promised, “I slept until 10 am then I did some coursework, and since I felt hungry for the first time in days, I cooked.”

 

He kissed her on the cheek, “Thank you. I’m starving.”

 

“Sit down then, it’s ready,” Sadie said.

 

Theo took a seat and watched her plate up their dinner. He found himself feeling more grateful than ever for her after the time they had spent apart.

 

“So, how was your first day?” Sadie asked eagerly.

 

“Tiring, but good,” Theo replied, “Except Lilly is one harsh teacher.”

 

Sadie laughed, “Does that really surprise you? She managed to keep Ron Weasley in line.”

 

Theo laughed too, “True. I always forget that she dated Ron before Nev…it seems like they’ve been together forever.”

 

“They just sort of slotted into the whole relationship thing really fast,” Sadie agreed, “But then again, so did we.”

 

“Let’s face it, Sade, that’s because we’d basically been a couple for years, just without the sex,” Theo said, he shot her a grin.

 

“That’s true; we did spend about 90% of our time together all the time,” Sadie chuckled.

 

Theo smiled and said, “This is amazing by the way. How did you have time to do this on top of your coursework?”

 

“The coursework was ridiculously easy,” Sadie admitted, “I had finished it and sent it over to Egypt via an open floo channel in about 3 hours. After that, I was just looking for things to do, to be honest.”

 

“No wonder you’re finding it boring if it’s that easy for you,” Theo said, “I’m finding bits of Auror training easy, but some parts are tough.”

 

“What bits are you finding hard?” Sadie asked curiously.

 

“Well flying this morning was tiring but not difficult. We had to do interrogation training though, and I was rubbish at that, I just made a joke out of it to cover up the fact that I don’t enjoy shouting at people and threatening them to get information,” Theo said, “My father used to do that to me as a kid, and I hate having to treat someone else like that. I mean we had to roleplay, so it was hard to be like that with Draco. I hope it will be different when I know the person across from me is a bad person.”

 

Sadie nodded and reached across the table, “I’m sure it will be, and there’s no shame in not enjoying being horrible to people you know.”

 

“I know,” Theo said with a small smile, “We had a lecture about stealth as well. It was all stuff I knew though, how to make polyjuice potion and the best way to cast a disillusionment charm, you know?”

 

Sadie nodded, “What was healing magic like?”

 

“Good,” Theo said honestly, “It was pretty easy actually. Draco and I thought it was a bit of a skive, and we mostly spent the afternoon chatting while the Healing Aurors weren’t looking. You seem so much better today though, I’m relieved.”

 

“So am I,” Sadie admitted, “I felt like death those last two weeks, it was awful. I’m so glad to be back to normal, and I’m so happy to be home. I’m dreading having to go back to Egypt…”

 

Theo squeezed her hand tightly, “Well, it’s ages away yet, so don’t let it bother you now.”

 

“I’ll try,” Sadie promised.

 

*~ TBC ~ *


“I have one piece of advice for you about marriage.”

 

Daphne glanced over at Bill, “Okay…what is it?”

 

“Make sure you talk to your other half about kids before you marry them,” Bill said as he picked up a rug and looked underneath it, “Anything under the floorboards over there?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “Nothing. You sound like you’re speaking from experience by the way.”

 

“That would be because I am,”Bill said, he moved a tapestry aside, “How difficult is it to hide a wine cabinet? Surely it’s pretty big.”

 

“I told you, I think it will be in the basement, but you seem convinced that it’s in the drawing-room,” Daphne said, “Are you going to explain that comment by the way?”

 

“Yeah,” Bill said slowly, “But I think you’re right. Come on, let’s try the basement.”

 

They were still searching for the supposedly cursed wine cabinet. It was a family heirloom that had gone missing five years ago when the homeowner's mother had died; she was convinced that it was hidden somewhere in the house, and she wanted it gone.

 

As Daphne and Bill walked out into the hall, Bill said, “Fleur and I didn’t discuss kids before the wedding. We kind of rushed into it to be honest because there was a war on, and we were both scared about what that meant.”

 

“That’s understandable,” Daphne admitted.

 

Bill hummed thoughtfully, “Rushing into the wedding isn’t a regret for either of us but not talking about kids is. The thing is, you know how I feel about my siblings and-”

 

“You don’t want to have too many kids and have them grow up feeling the way you did,” Daphne guessed

 

“Exactly, I think two would be okay, but Fleur wants at least four,” Bill said, “I hoped after she’d gone through labour once she would rethink that, but she hasn’t. The problem is, I can’t tell her why I’m so against having more kids without telling her about my resentment of my family, and she won’t understand that.”

 

“You don’t know she won’t understand if you don’t give her a chance to,” Daphne pointed out as they reached the basement door, “Do you think we’re safe to just go in or should we cast any charms?”

 

“Always assume the worst,” Bill said, he cast a few revealment charms, and nothing happened, “It looks safe, and you sounded like such a woman just then by the way.”

 

“Well shockingly Bill, I am a woman,” Daphne said sarcastically, “And I also know what it's like not to tell someone something because you’re scared of how they will react. It took me a long time to open up to Harry about my past, and in the end, he took it a lot better than I was expecting.”

 

“Well, we all know our other halves, and I’m fairly sure I know how mine would react,” Bill said, “Do you want to be on light duty or searching duty?”

 

“This basement is creepy and full of old shit, so I’m going to go with light-duty,” Daphne said.

 

Bill snorted, “If you think this is old and creepy, wait until you first go into an Egyptian tomb.”

 

“Hey, that reminds me – Lumos – do you know the truth about King Tuts tomb?” Daphne asked as they descended the basement stairs.

 

“Do you mean, do I know if the curse was real or not?” Bill asked.

 

“Yeah, did the Muggles imagine it or was there a curse?” Daphne asked as they looked around the basement.

 

“The Muggles – Merlin’s balls, that is horrific – did not imagine it,” Bill said, he got distracted halfway through his sentence by a terrifying Victorian doll that was staring at him with the one eye that it had left.

 

Daphne looked at the doll with disdain, “Yeah, it is creepy. So there was a curse? A proper, ancient curse?”

 

“Yep, a proper ancient Egyptian curse,” Bill said, “Shout if you see anything that looks remotely like a wine cabinet.”

 

“How did they break it?” Daphne asked, “And is that a wine cabinet?”

 

“No, it’s a chest of drawers,” Bill replied, “It took six Curse Breakers to break it back in 1925. All of the deaths that they said were caused by the curse after that were just incidental.”

 

“So Lord Carnarvon was cursed then?” Daphne asked eagerly, “Is that why his dog died at the same time as him?”

 

“His dog didn’t die at the same time as him; it died 4 hours after him. Nobody bothered taking the time difference into account,” Bill said as his eyes searched the basement, “And it’s common for animals to die when their owners do so I doubt the dog was a victim of the curse. What’s that?”

 

“Uh…a box with some grapes on it,” Daphne said.

 

“Don’t touch it, that’s our cabinet!” Bill said sharply as Daphne edged closer.

 

She raised her hands, “What are we going to do with it then?”

 

“Levitate it into the hall upstairs and break the curse there, we need decent light,” Bill said, “You go on up, I don’t want to risk it touching you.”

 

Daphne followed his orders and waited for him in the hall. He put the cabinet down on the floor very gently and said, “Since I know you want to know and therefore won’t concentrate properly until I tell you…George Jay Gould who died of fever and Prince Ali Kamel Fahmey Bey who was shot by his wife, both in 1923, were victims of the curse. Aubrey Herbert, Carnarvon’s half-brother, who died from blood poisoning in 1923 was also a victim of the curse as was Archibald Douglas-Reid, a radiologist who x-rayed the mummy and died of a mysterious illness in 1924; and Sir Lee Stack, the Governor of Sudan who was assassinated in 1924. After that, the curse was broken.”

 

“That is amazing.” Daphne said in awe, “This isn’t going to take six Curse Breakers, is it?”

 

“No,” Bill scoffed, “It’s nowhere near as old. It’s going to take all of me with a bit of help from you, can you manage that?”

 

“Definitely, just tell me what to do,” Daphne replied.

 

“First things first?”

 

“Diagnostic charm,” Daphne replied.

 

Bill nodded and cast the charm. It encased the box in bright yellow light, and then a heap of numbers spewed out into the air, “Okay so every Curse Breaker has a different method, so I’ll show you how I like to do this. I don’t like working directly with the curse because I’m used to ancient Egyptian curses. Curse Breakers who don’t work with anything older than 1,000 years or so will almost always mess about with the curse directly while it sits in front of them like this. However, ancient Egyptian curses are normally booby-trapped so that if you do the wrong thing, you suffer for it.”

 

Daphne nodded and took in everything that he was saying.

 

“So I like to be sure of myself before I even touch the curse,” Bill said. He waved his wand and conjured up a blackboard and a heap of chalk, “I use a blackboard because I like being able to rub out one or two numbers when I make a mistake. I knew a guy who used a quill and parchment; he used to get so confused with crossed out numbers everywhere that he was pretty much useless.”

 

“I like that idea,” Daphne said as she looked at the chalkboard, “I would never have thought of it to be honest. I probably would have worked directly with the curse too.”

 

“Like I said, only Curse Breakers who have broken a lot of Ancient Egyptian curses tend to do things this way,” Bill said as he grabbed a piece of chalk and began to copy the numbers of the curse onto the blackboard, “And most of us learn the hard way.”

 

“Did you learn the hard way?” Daphne asked curiously.

 

Bill nodded and lifted his shirt enough to show a dark pink scar on his back, “Yep, a bastard of an Egyptian curse gave me kidney failure. I’m only alive today because Char gave me one of his.”

 

“Holy shit,” Daphne muttered, “No wonder the two of you are so close.”

 

“That’s my sob story for the day over,” Bill joked, “Let’s get back to work. This is where all of those charts you memorised in arithmancy come in handy. Did Fawley let you do anything like this?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “He only let me observe.”

 

“Out of curiosity, did he work directly with the curse?” Bill asked.

 

Daphne nodded, “Yep.”

 

“Idiot,” Bill muttered, “I warned him against that years ago in Egypt. It’s a miracle that the bastard is still alive. I’m going to let you do a little bit more than observe, but this is complex for a British curse so I’ll do this part. So that you know, I’m going to let you know how I work. Obviously, our job here is to unravel the curse, undo it if you will.”

 

Daphne nodded, “In a simple curse, the numbers spell out the curse that was used. In a more complex curse, the numbers are jumbled, so it’s harder to find the words and therefore understand the curse.”

 

“Exactly, and this curse is very jumbled,” Bill said, “So I envision it taking a while. Once I have worked it out, I will need to share your magic to undo it. That’s why I said it would take all of me and a little bit of you. I need to borrow some power.”

 

“That’s fine,” Daphne said with a nod, “But I’ve never done magic sharing before. Well – not on purpose anyway – so you’ll have to show me how.”

 

Bill shot her an amused look, “I can guess the way you accidentally shared magic. We’ve all been there as teenagers.”

 

Daphne didn’t even blush, “Yeah, it was…interesting, to say the least.”

 

“I really didn’t need that image of the guy I think of as a little brother, but hey, there it is,” Bill said sarcastically.

 

“Sorry,” Daphne said sheepishly, “The first two words of the curse are a name by the way. 1 (1, 9, 10) is VAN and 4 (15, 16, 31) is HOUSTON.”

 

Bill smiled, “I worked that out 5 minutes ago, but I’m impressed that you got there so quickly. Talk me through your process?”

 

“The first number is the final number,” Daphne said, “Then there are the numbers in the brackets. 1 is the heart number aka the value of the vowels in the name added up. The only vowel in “VAN” is the “A” which has a value of 1. The number 9 is the social number, aka the value of the consonants in the name added up. V has a value of 4, and N has a value of 5, which makes 9. The 10 is the character number which is the heart number, and social number added together. When the value of the final number is greater than 9, you add the numbers together until you get a single-digit, so 1 + 0 = 1. Therefore 1 = VAN.”

 

“Just so you know, I’ll only say this if I mean it,” Bill began, “I am impressed.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “Knowing that the first two words are “VAN” and “HOUSTON” doesn’t really help us, though.”

 

“No, it doesn’t,” Bill agreed, “But I’m still impressed by your raw talent. Now if you don’t mind, I’m going to need silence to work out the rest.”

 

Daphne shook her head to say that she didn’t mind and said no more. It took Bill somewhere between an hour and two hours to work it out. The first three words were “VAN HOUSTON CURSE”, and the last three words were the incantation used to curse the object, “Familarum Pati Punire.”

 

Once Bill knew the curse, he could work out the counter-curse, “Okay, time for a quick masterclass in magic sharing. First of all, do you know occlumency?”

 

Daphne nodded, “Yes, I know the basics.”

 

“Thank Merlin,” Bill said, “This would be much more difficult otherwise.”

 

“Okay, what does Occlumency have to do with it?” Daphne asked curiously.

 

“I need you to shut your eyes, clear your mind and focus on your magical core,” Bill instructed, “Let me know when you’re ready, and I will draw on your magical power. It will feel bizarre like I’m tugging inside your head, but it won’t be painful.”

 

Daphne nodded a little nervously, “Alright.”

 

“And yes, it can have consequences if the person borrowing your magic does it wrong,” Bill said, “But I’m pretty good at this.”

 

Daphne glanced up at him, “Draco has a theory about his Aunt Bellatrix. He thinks she went mad because she used to let Voldemort share her magic.”

 

“I know,” Bill said honestly, “And I think Draco is probably right, but Voldemort wasn’t a gentle or considerate man. He used Bellatrix and abused her trust. I bet he took more power than he should have and that he borrowed her magic far too often. I won’t do that to you, trust me, Daphne.”

 

Daphne let out a breath and nodded, “Okay,” she said as she shut her eyes.

 

She cleared her mind and focused on her magical core like Bill had told her to. She could see the dim golden glow in her mind, and she could feel the rhythmic humming.

 

“Nod if you are ready,” Bill’s voice said, it sounded far away and echoed around her head.

 

Daphne managed a minuscule nod. Almost immediately she felt what Bill had meant, it was like he was trying to pull something out of her head, and although it wasn’t painful, it was uncomfortable.

 

There was a flash of light inside of her head that made her gasp sharply and open her eyes. When she did, it was to see the yellow glow around the wine cabinet explode and rain down as sparks.

 

Bill grinned at her, “That was fantastic. Was that really your first time letting someone do that?”

 

“Intentionally, yes,” Daphne said with a smile, “Was it because of me that you were able to do that?”

 

Bill nodded, “If I had tried that on my own it would have drained my magical power completely, but that little bit of magic that I borrowed from you made that happen. It was so small that you won’t even feel the effects of it.”

 

“Wow.”

 

“And that,” Bill said, “Is why we work in pairs. Shall we go and tell Miss Van Houston the good news?”

 

Daphne nodded and grinned, “Thanks for becoming my mentor Bill. This is amazing. I mean learning from you is like a dream come true; you really are the best Curse Breaker this country has seen in the last 20 years.”

 

“Don’t say that to your fiancé,” Bill joked as they began to walk towards the stairs together, “He’ll get concerned.”

 

“Nah, he’s secure enough,” Daphne chirped, “I can’t wait to tell him about today.”

 

 

Daphne got home later than Harry that night, so when she stepped into the kitchen, he was adding the finishing touches to dinner.

 

“I had the best day ever!” Daphne said, she dumped her bag on the floor and grinned at him, “We finally managed to find the wine cabinet and Bill showed me how he breaks curses. He is such a genius, Harry! I’m literally learning from the best, and I could watch him all day, the way he works is just so fascinating. I even helped decipher the curse, Fawley never let me near that part of the job. Then he borrowed some of my magic to break the curse, and it was amazing, the curse around the cabinet exploded because of our combined magical power-”

 

“Woah,” Harry said sharply, “You did magic sharing, with Bill?”

 

“No, no, Harry not like that,” Daphne said quickly, “It was very professional. Did you know that both parties have to know occlumency to do it?”

 

“How the hell did we manage it then?” Harry asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“I suppose some of what Snape taught you must have stuck,” Daphne said with a shrug, “But anyway, I had to clear my mind and focus on my magical core. I actually saw my magical core, did you know that was possible?”

 

“I’m sure I read that somewhere,” Harry replied.

 

“Well it was pretty cool,” Daphne said, she was so excited, and Harry found it quite cute, “Then Bill borrowed my magic and it was like a flash migraine, I could feel him tugging inside my head which was weird but not painful. I just love it so much, Harry; I love my job!”

 

Harry grinned, “I love seeing you so happy and to be honest, I love my job too.”

 

“Oh shit,” Daphne muttered, “I was so eager to tell you about my day that I forgot to ask how yours was.”

 

Harry shook his head, “Don’t worry about it. My first day was pretty great though.”

 

“Tell me all about it then,” Daphne said, perhaps a little sheepishly.

 

Harry smiled, “We flew in the morning then we had interrogation training which was fun. There was a lecture about stealth, and the lecturer shot me down when I suggested using an invisibility cloak because apparently, they are too rare to be considered for use.”

 

Daphne snorted, “I bet you wished you could tell her that you own the original invisibility cloak from the Tale of the Three Brothers.”

 

“So badly,” Harry admitted with a grin.

 

Daphne laughed, “Did you see Lil in the afternoon?”

 

“Yep, much to Neville’s delight,” Harry joked.

 

“How is she?”

 

“She came in, bossed us all around and was a sassy bitch.”

 

“So she’s fine then,” Daphne said in amusement, “I’m looking forward to seeing her at the weekend. What’s happening with Teddy by the way?”

 

“We have him on Sunday, we’re taking him to the Burrow,” Harry replied as he put a plate of food down in front of her, “Saturday we have dinner at the Notts.”

 

“I can’t wait to see Ted,” Daphne admitted, “Do you think we should maybe-”

 

“Talk to Andi about the adoption?” Harry asked.

 

Daphne nodded, and Harry sighed in relief, “I’m really glad that you said that because I’ve been thinking about it all week.”

 

“I was just thinking…” Daphne said thoughtfully, “It would be nice to have it all happen at the same time. What do you think about explaining to Teddy just before the wedding that he’s going to live with us all of the time like he wants to?”

 

“Assuming everything goes through in time for that, I would be okay with that plan,” Harry replied, he smiled at her, “And I can’t wait you know, to come home to both of you.”

 

Daphne smiled, “I can’t wait to see him every night rather than just at the weekends.”

 

“It’s going to be perfect,” Harry said as he leant across the table and kissed her.

 

 

Thursday morning brought another lecture taught by Auror Carter. This time it was about tracking which Harry thought was rather similar to stealth. After all, you had to be stealthy to track someone.

 

After a basic description of what the class would entail, Carter began to question them about the different methods one could deploy to track someone. Between them, Ophelia and Blanche shouted out the more obvious options like a four-point spell and simple old-fashioned concealing yourself and following them.

 

“Does anyone have any other ideas?”

 

Harry raised his hand and Carter looked at him cautiously, “Yes, Mr Potter?”

 

“What if you had a magical map that showed every room of the building and everyone who was in that building?” Harry said.

 

Carter sighed, “Mr Potter, your ideas are rather far-fetched. Does anyone have any sensible ideas?”

 

Harry scoffed under his breath, “Far-fetched, I’d like to show her.”

 

Neville hid an amused smile at this but said nothing. Nobody had come up with any further ideas, so Harry raised his hand again.

 

Carter sighed in a long-suffering way, “Yes, Potter?”

 

“What if,” Harry began slowly, “You had a time-turner, so you knew what the person was going to do. Then you could go back in time and track them to stop them from doing it.”

 

“Time-turners are not widely available Mr Potter,” Carter said sharply, “In fact, they are rather rare. If no one has any further suggestions, then let’s move on. Can anyone tell me some things that you should do while tracking someone?”

 

Draco raised his hand.

 

“Yes, Mr Black?”

 

“Remember to use a charm to cover up your scent,” Draco said, “Otherwise the person you’re tracking might smell you even if he doesn’t see you.”

 

“Very good,” Carter agreed. A few more ideas were thrown out, and then she asked, “Does anyone have any tracking experience? It doesn’t matter if it was a human, even tracking an animal could be useful.”

 

Draco and Theo both said that they had hunted animals on their estate. Harry raised his hand, and Carter narrowed her eyes at him, “I presume you have tracking experience from the war Mr Potter?”

 

“No, I didn’t track anyone during the war,” Harry said, “But I did track someone while I was in school. I thought they were a Death Eater, so I wanted to see what they were up to.”

 

“Stalked,” Draco corrected, “That is stalking.”

 

Carter looked between them and smiled, “Was it perchance Mr Black that you stalked, Mr Potter?”

 

“Tracked,” Harry corrected while Ophelia and Blanche sniggered.

 

“How exactly did you do this? With a magical map and a time-turner?”

 

The sniggering got louder, Harry wanted to say, ‘well yes I did use a magic map actually along with the invisibility cloak that you think doesn’t exist,’ but he didn’t. He just sighed and said, “No, ma’am.”

 

“Then please stop telling ridiculous stories,” Carter said sharply, “Now, let’s move on to the practicalities when tracking someone…”

 

“I hate these classes,” Harry grumbled irritably as he snapped the tip off of his quill.

 

 

“Mr Potter.”

 

Harry looked up; he was putting his things back in his bag after the tracking lecture when Carter called his name.

 

“Yes, ma’am?”

 

“Stay behind please,” Carter said.

 

Theo whistled, “You’re in the shit mate,” he muttered as he and the others vacated the classroom.

 

Carter walked over to Harry and said, “I am beginning to have concerns. Is there a reason you are telling lies and coming out with far-fetched theories?”

 

“I’m not lying!” Harry snapped, “And I don’t like it when people accuse me of that. Don’t you know that a woman who was supposed to be my teacher made me use a blood quill to carve “I must not tell lies” into my own hand? Do you know what she accused me of lying about?”

 

Carter shook her head.

 

“Voldemort being back,” Harry said, “It was my fifth year, right after I had watched him rise from the dead and she made everyone think I was a liar! I do have an invisibility cloak; in fact, it’s the original one. I’m descended from the Peverells, and that cloak has been in my family since at least my great grandfather, and it is still in perfect condition. I also have a magic map of Hogwarts, my father and his friends made it, and it shows every single person in that castle. It shows how they move, it shows every room and it even sees through disguises like polyjuice potion.”

 

Carter’s eyes widened slightly as Harry continued, “And as for time-turners not being widely available. Well, they gave my best friend one in third year so she could take extra classes. Then I used it to go back in time and save my godfather from getting the Dementors kiss when he was an innocent man so I would appreciate it if you stopped calling my ideas far-fetched!”

 

“I don’t appreciate the tone that you just took with me, Mr Potter.”

 

“Sorry, ma’am,” Harry said quickly.

 

“However,” Carter continued, “I apologise for being condescending. In my experience, all of the things you mentioned were too rare or far-fetched to be considered, but I can see now that they are not rare for you.”

 

Harry nodded, “I apologise for being rude ma’am.”

 

“Apology accepted,” Carter said with a nod, “Now run along, you don’t want to be late for swimming.”

 

Harry was glad to get off without too much trouble, so he nodded and left the room as swiftly as possible.

 

 

“How many kids do you want?”

 

“What?” Harry asked sharply.

 

“It’s just a question,” Daphne said.

 

It was Thursday night, and they were sitting in the drawing-room together. Daphne was reading a book about the Curse of King Tut, and Harry was looking over some of the books he had bought for Auror training.

 

“It was a loaded question,” Harry said, “You’re not pregnant, are you?”

 

“No,” Daphne scoffed, “It was just something Bill said the other day…”

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at her, “You do realise that you’re going to have to elaborate, right?”

 

Daphne sighed, “Fine, but Bill told me in confidence. He said not to tell anyone, but since I tell you everything, you don’t count. It just means you need to-”

 

“Keep it quiet,” Harry said with a nod, “You know I’m good at keeping secrets when I need to Daph.”

 

Daphne nodded, “Did you know that Bill doesn’t like being part of such a huge family? He told me that he felt like he had to be a surrogate father to everyone younger than Charlie and that he resents them for it because he feels like they robbed him of his childhood.”

 

“Shit,” Harry muttered, “That’s a horrible way to feel.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said, “He feels awful for feeling like that, but he can’t help it. He said that families shouldn’t have favourites, but he does, and his favourite brothers are Charlie and you.”

 

“Me?” Harry asked in surprise, “But I’m not his brother, not by blood.”

 

“Yeah, he said it was horrible to say he preferred an adopted brother over most of his blood family but that he did,” Daphne continued, “He relates to you because none of his siblings have a dangerous job or a thirst for adrenaline like he does.”

 

“Wow,” Harry said, “Well…I’m honoured.”

 

Daphne hummed thoughtfully, “But the whole thing about kids…Bill and Fleur didn’t talk about how many kids they wanted before they got married. Then they got married, and now Fleur wants at least four kids, and Bill doesn’t want a big family because of the way he feels about his.”

 

“Ah,” Harry realised, “So you want to make sure our family goals are compatible before we get married?”

 

“Exactly.”

 

“Well,” Harry said slowly, “I’d like two.”

 

“Is that including Teddy?” Daphne asked.

 

Harry thought for a moment, “Yeah, Teddy and one of our own.”

 

“I want four,” Daphne said.

 

“Four?”

 

“I’ve always wanted four,” She said, “Growing up with just me and my sister, I always wished that there were more of us. But I don’t want an odd number.”

 

Harry smiled, “I’d like a big family but Daph, after the way I grew up, any family will make me happy. We’ve got Ted, and you definitely want at least one of our own so either way, they will have what I didn’t, a brother or sister.”

 

“And two loving parents,” Daphne added.

 

“So let’s not plan out our whole lives,” Harry said, he reached across and took her hand, “Let’s just see where life takes us.”

 

Daphne smiled, “You’re such a Gryffindor, living all spontaneously in the moment.”

 

Harry grinned, “Admit it, you love it about me.”

 

Daphne’s smile widened, “Yeah, I do,” she admitted.

 

 

On Friday, the boys had a lecture about Curse Breaking. Draco and Theo didn’t seem particularly concerned about this because they claimed it was essentially just Advanced Arithmancy and they had both taken that at school.

 

Harry and Neville, on the other hand, had never studied arithmancy and had no idea what to expect.

 

“Good morning, Recruits!” Auror Mitchell said cheerfully as he sat down on the desk at the front of the small classroom, “I’m going to start by asking one simple question. Who has studied arithmancy?”

 

All hands rose into the air except for Harry and Neville’s.

 

“Great,” Harry muttered.

 

“Why is it always me?” Neville moaned under his breath.

 

Mitchell chuckled, “Alright, in that case. Everyone else draw in your books or daydream or sleep for the next half an hour while I teach these two the basics. After that, I’ll tell you what we aim to teach you over the next year in this class.”

 

Harry and Neville were forced to sit at the front of the class while the others did their own thing in the back. Mitchell smiled, “There’s no need to look terrified, arithmancy is fairly easy. How are you with maths?”

 

“Okay,” Neville admitted.

 

“Terrible,” Harry said sheepishly, “I failed it through primary school.”

 

“Ah,” Mitchell said, “Well, in that case, this might be a bit challenging. But once you get the hang of it, you should be okay. Let me start with the basics, arithmancy is when we assign numbers to words or phrases, and it’s how spells are created. If you were to see the pure form of a spell, you would see numbers.”

 

“So you have to know Arithmancy to make spells?” Harry asked.

 

Mitchell nodded, “Spells, curses, hexes, etc. You have to know arithmancy to make anything new, and you also have to know it for Curse Breaking. You ought to know that Mr Potter, your fiancé is a Curse Breaker, isn’t she?”

 

“Trainee Curse Breaker,” Harry said with a nod, “But to be honest, I have no idea what she does, technically speaking.”

 

Mitchell laughed, “Well Curse Breakers undo curses. To do that, they have to unravel the curse using arithmancy to work out the counter-curse. Let me start with an easy example.”

 

On the blackboard behind him, he wrote, “Stupefy.”

 

“Now, if we were to see the pure numerical form of this spell it would look like this…” Mitchell said. On the board, he wrote, “4 (8, 23, 31).”

 

“Does that mean anything to either of you?” Mitchell asked. It looked like he knew the answer.

 

“Nope,” The boys echoed.

 

“Alright, so let me show you this chart,” Mitchell said, “This is how we assign numbers to a letter.”

 

The chart looked like this,

 

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

H

I

J

K

L

M

N

O

P

Q

R

S

T

U

V

W

X

Y

Z

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“So the word STUPEFY. We begin by finding out the heart number, which is the value of the vowels added up. You can see from this chart that the value of U is 3, and the value of E is 5. So the heart number is?” Mitchell asked.

 

“8,” Neville replied.

 

“Exactly,” Mitchell said, he jotted this down on the board, “Now we work out what the social number is. That is the value of the consonants in the word added up. In this case, the value of S is 1, T is 2, P is 7, F is 6 and Y is 7. So the social number is?”

 

“23,” Neville said quickly.

 

“Correct,” Mitchell nodded, “Now to find the character number we add the heart and social number together to get?”

 

“31,” Neville said.

 

“So the three numbers in brackets are these numbers, 8, 23 and 31,” Mitchell explained, pointing to the blackboard as he did so, “Do you know what the 4 means yet?”

 

Neville shook his head, and Harry stared at the board with a blank expression on his face.

 

“If the character number is higher than 9 then we need to add the two values together until we get a single-digit number,” Mitchell explained, “So the final number here is 4 because?”

 

“31…3+1 = 4,” Neville said.

 

“Exactly,” Mitchell said, “So as you see, once you know what to do it is fairly easy. Everybody else, listen up!”

 

The class focused on Mitchell once more, and he continued, “So our main goal for this class will be to teach you how to break basic curses. There will be times when the Curse Breakers can’t get there fast enough, and you will need to act as our front-line defence. As those of you who studied arithmancy will know, to break a curse we need to unravel it. Can anyone tell me how we would work out the counter curse to Stupefy if we saw it in numerical form like this?”

 

Harry looked at the board and just saw a swathe of numbers. He couldn’t work out how “4 (8, 23, 31)” made a spell.

 

Theo raised his hand, “Yes, Mr Nott?”

 

“Once you work out that the equation spells “STUPEFY” then you can work out that the counter curse is Reenervate. Once you know that, you know how to undo it,” Theo replied.

 

Mitchell nodded, “Precisely. However, this is just a simple spell. Real curses can be jumbled so you can make out the words but not the order. Sometimes the whole equation is jumbled, and it’s like one giant maths puzzle. Let’s have a look at a simple curse, to begin with, and see how we get on…”

 

As Mitchell continued, his voice became a drone and Harry didn’t manage to take in anything else that he said.

 

 

“You still look dazed after that Curse Breaking masterclass,” Draco said to Harry with an amused smile. They were walking to their next class which was on Law & Ethics.

 

“I have no idea what it was all about,” Harry admitted, “And I feel bad for underestimating Daphne. I mean, I know she’s smart, but I didn’t realise how smart she was, how can she understand that and do that?”

 

“Because she’s brilliant with numbers,” Draco replied, “So is Hermione actually. She loved arithmancy, and I used to love watching her in that class. She would screw up her nose and concentrate then she would just beam this delighted smile when she worked it out…”

 

“Holy shit, you sound sappy,” Theo snorted.

 

“I have a whole new level of respect for anyone who finds that easy,” Harry said with a shake of his head, “I just thought Curse Breakers were like Indiana Jones, I didn’t realise they were mathematical geniuses. I mean Bill is practically Bill Gates!”

 

“Do you have any idea what he just said?” Theo asked Draco and Neville.

 

“Not a clue,” Draco replied.

 

“I got the Indiana Jones bit,” Neville said, “But not the rest.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “I really need to educate you lot on Muggle stuff,” he said as they reached the classroom and slipped inside.

 

They were the last ones there, so they sat down at a large table at the back of the small room. The lecturer teaching this one was Auror Weir who most of them thought was the nicest Auror around. She was always smiling and chatting away to them in corridors; the others could be pretty harsh most of the time.

 

“Good morning recruits,” Weir said with a smile, “This class is called Law & Ethics, so I presume you can all work out what it’s about. By the end of this class, you should all have a basic grounding in wizarding and muggle law, but we will also be discussing some ethical and theological issues. Does anyone have any questions about that?”

 

Draco raised his hands, “Why do we need to learn about Muggle law ma’am?”

 

“Good question Mr Black,” Weir said, “Somebody always asks that question and usually, it is a pureblood like yourself. As Aurors, we need to be aware of the differences between our legal system and the muggles system because there will be times when our work crosses over into their work. Could anyone suggest a situation when Aurors may have to work with muggle law enforcement?”

 

Harry raised his hand.

 

“Yes, Mr Potter?”

 

“I can think of a few,” Harry said, “Protection duty when an Auror is assigned as a security escort for an important muggle like the prime minister or, if a muggle is killed by a wizard then I suppose the two authorities would have to work together.”

 

Weir nodded, “Correct. Now in the case of a murdered muggle, we are required to work undercover. We send Aurors into the muggle police force as investigators, and they work alongside the muggles to solve the case, without letting the muggles know that there are magical forces at work. What other situations might involve cooperating with the muggles?”

 

There were quite a few different options thrown around the room. Weir discussed some of them in more detail than others, but she gave every opinion her consideration. About halfway through the class, she changed the topic, “That was a great first session learning about the basics of cooperating with the muggle police force, but at this point in the lesson, I want to change tack slightly. As I mentioned at the start of this class, I would like to discuss ethics with you. Technically speaking ethics is a branch of philosophy which involves defending and recommending concepts of right and wrong. Can anyone tell me what that means?”

 

Theo raised his hand, “Basically we’re going to be discussing situations and stating what we would do in that situation while everyone else either agrees with us or attacks our idea, and we have to either defend our choice or concede that we made the wrong one.”

 

Weir smiled, “Precisely Mr Nott. You have a fine grasp on this, have you studied philosophy at all?”

 

Theo shook his head, “No, I just read a lot.”

 

“Mr Nott is quite right. What we aim to do here is resolve questions of human morality by defining concepts such as good and evil, right and wrong, virtue and vice, justice and crime. Do you see?”

 

Everyone nodded although Harry was fairly sure that some people had no idea what she was talking about.

 

“Ethics is a huge area to study, so we are only going to be concerning ourselves with applied ethics during this class. Would you be able to explain what that means to the class, Mr Nott?” Weir asked.

 

Theo nodded, “I suppose the easiest way to describe it is that it is ethics concerned with moral issues that we face every day. An example would be the debate about euthanasia, half of the wizarding population back people who are terminally sick having the right to die but the other half think that all killing is wrong even if the person wants to die.”

 

“Exactly,” Weir said with a proud smile, “We will be discussing the kind of moral issues that you could face every day as an Auror. Before we get onto any real-life situations; however, we need to talk about the theories that we use in ethics to help us make an informed, morally correct decision. Does anyone know what any of those theories are?”

 

Ophelia raised her hand.

 

“Yes, Miss. Wood?”

 

“Utilitarianism,” Ophelia replied.

 

“That’s correct,” Weir said, “Would you like to tell us what that is?”

 

“It’s also known as the needs of the many before the needs of the few,” Ophelia said, “Or for the greater good which people don’t tend to use anymore after Grindelwald used that slogan for evil.”

 

Weir nodded, “Indeed. The needs of the many before the needs of the few. What this means is that the consequences of a decision are evaluated on the assumption that the right thing to do is the thing which results in the greatest happiness. It was developed by a muggle called John Stuart Mill, and a wizard called Jeremy Bentham. Now if we were using this theory what we would do in this situation?…a dark lord and his followers are using the home of a perfectly good wizarding family to hideout. They have either threatened the family or used the imperius curse on them, but as Aurors, we know where they are, and we know that we can strike. What do we do?”

 

Neville raised his hand, “Strike. Innocent people may die, but if the dark lord and his followers die, it could save hundreds of lives in the future because it could prevent a war.”

 

“Under this theory, that is exactly right,” Weir said, “However there is more to it than just doing what makes the most people happy. The idea of intent and preference also comes into play here, and some people may feel uncomfortable with this notion that sacrifices must be made for the greater good. I do believe that a large part of that uncomfortableness comes from the fact that Grindelwald twisted the theory to justify what he did to muggles.”

 

There was a general nod around the room as everyone seemed to agree with that.

 

“Can anyone tell me about another theory that we use in ethics?” Weir asked.

 

This time Theo’s hand went up again.

 

“Mr Nott?”

 

“Deontological ethics, otherwise known as the Categorical Imperative or Kantianism,” Theo said, “It’s all based on rules and duty. Basically, you have an obligation to perform the ‘right’ action regardless of any actual consequences.”

 

“Correct,” Weir said, “So given the same situation with the dark lord and his followers hiding out in the home of an innocent family, what would we do based on this theory?”

 

Harry raised his hand.

 

“Yes, Mr Potter?”

 

“Kill the dark lord and his followers. If this theory says that your duty is to do the right thing then the right thing would be to make sure they can’t cause any more harm,” Harry replied, “But doing so and not thinking about the consequences doesn’t make any sense. There would be legal repercussions, and then there would be the guilt. It doesn’t matter if you kill a bad person, you still feel guilty, and you still feel conflicted by the fact you were capable of murder.”

 

“Spot on Mr Potter,” Weir said brightly, “That is an excellent answer, and that is one of the many reasons why this theory isn’t widely used anymore. Acting without thinking about consequences is indeed very reckless and dangerous.”

 

Harry felt quite proud of himself; he had thought he would hate this class. He thought it would be like History of Magic, boring and dry, but Weir made it fun, and he found himself really enjoying it.

 

“There are two more theories left. Does anyone know what they are?” Weir asked.

 

There was silence and much shaking of heads so Weir continued, “The last mainstream theory is that the right action will be that chosen by a suitably virtuous agent. This is the theory that muggles use when they say that God will decide someone’s fate. It is not widely used in the wizarding world. On top of these three methods, however, there is a new modern approach called case-based reasoning. This does not begin with theory, but with the immediate facts of a real, concrete case. This is what we will be using because nine times out of ten when you come across an ethical issue, you will need to think about it there and then and consider it on a case by case basis. Does anyone have any further questions?”

 

Nobody raised their hands, so Weir bashed on and began by giving them an example.

 

“Picture the scene,” Weir said as she sat on her desk and crossed her legs, “You are called to Diagon Alley to deal with a magical fire that has gotten out of control. You and your Auror partner are first on the scene, you immediately call for back up, but it takes approximately two minutes for the Patronus to reach the other Aurors. Then it takes five minutes for those Aurors to robe up, get to the apparition point within the Auror department and get to you.”

 

They were all caught on her ever word.

 

“These seven minutes are golden. In these seven minutes, its just you and your Auror partner and you get to play God. You decide who lives and who dies because you have to prioritise. That can give you a real complex, which is why we put you through your paces in training to make sure that every time you make that call, it kills you a little inside because if it doesn’t? That’s when you risk turning, its this remorse that keeps your magic pure.”

 

Theo frowned at these words.

 

“So the situation is this. Some people have gotten out, they are injured, but they are being tended to by the residents that know how to heal. Your Auror partner goes to deal with the fire while they wait for the Arson Aurors to arrive on the scene. There are two people trapped at windows; one is a young, poor-looking pregnant woman. The other is a famous, old wandmaker. You can only save one, which one do you save?”

 

Blanche scoffed, “The pregnant woman, obviously.”

 

“It’s not that obvious, though, is it?” Theo asked, “What if the wandmaker dies without passing on the secrets of the trade? Then wands would change forever; we would all lose magical power. The impact on the wizarding world has the potential to be huge.”

 

“Good,” Weir said happily, “Continue and I’ll interject if I need to.”

 

“With respect, Theo, you should always save the pregnant woman,” Blanche said.

 

“I hate to ask a loaded question, but why?” Draco said.

 

“She looks poor,” Theo added, “So she’s probably a young mother. Statistically speaking, she would have graduated from Hogwarts with pretty bad grades, and she probably lives in poverty in the closes. It’s not like she would get an important job and her kid would stand a higher chance of being a squib if it was raised in poverty, or malnourished.”

 

Blanche’s eyes darkened, “Sorry Theo, but you’re dead wrong with all of that. I have a very close friend, who is a teenage mother. She aced her N.E.W.T’s, she’s wicked smart, and she’s going to set an example for her kid by doing the job she wanted to do before she fell pregnant. You don’t get to pick if someone lives or dies based on statistics.”

 

Weir nodded, “You both made a good point. There is a time and place for statistics, but you have to use your heart and your head to make a judgement in this situation.”

 

“Never mind the fact that it would be wrong to let the pregnant woman die,” Ophelia added, “You don’t know what that baby is going to become. What if nobody had saved Harry’s mother from an attack? The boy-who-lived would never have been born.”

 

“Well, he would have been,” Harry cut in, “Because if I wasn’t the boy who lived, Voldemort would have attacked Neville, he’d have gotten the stupid forehead tattoo, and then he’d have saved the world.”

 

Neville smiled, “All the same, Ophelia makes a good point.”

 

“Yes, she does,” Harry agreed, “But interpret that this way. What if nobody had saved Merope Gaunt? There would be no Tom Riddle, no Lord Voldemort. You’re right Ophelia; you have no idea what a baby is going to turn out to be.”

 

“Which is why you should always save it,” Neville said, “You can’t judge an unborn baby and make a call like that. What a baby turns out to be is almost always reliant on the way it is raised.”

 

“Unless it doesn’t know how to love because it was conceived under a love potion,” Harry argued.

 

“That’s rare,” Draco pointed out, “Incredibly rare. In fact, I think Voldemort might be the only person in living memory conceived that way.”

 

“That we know of,” Theo said.

 

“Still,” Draco said with a frown, “I agree with Blanche and Ophelia. You should always save the pregnant woman because it’s the right thing to do, but also because you have no idea what that baby could grow up to be. I do have another point to put forward, though.”

 

“Go on,” Weir said with a smile.

 

“What about the father?” Draco asked, “We don’t know anything about him, do we? Yes, he could be dead already, or he could be a waste of space who left his other half when she found out she was pregnant. But what if he's at work? What if he comes home to find out that his other half and his unborn baby were dead because an Auror prioritised a wandmaker? I mean…that’s enough to turn a weak-minded man dark if he…” his frown deepened, “…lost everything like that.”

 

Weir looked at Draco in disbelief.

 

“Sorry,” Draco said, automatically assuming that he had said the wrong thing.

 

Weir shook her head, “No, Mr Black, don’t apologise. This is a pretty basic situation, so it’s the one I start with every year, and in four years, you are the first person to work out the answer.”

 

“I am?” Draco asked in surprise.

 

Weir nodded, “The answer is to save the pregnant woman. From a moral point of view, it is the right thing. She’s young; she has her life ahead of her and her baby’s. The wandmaker is old, he has lived his life, you can assume he has passed on the trade to a family member,” she explained, “We don’t know what that baby will become, you are quite right that we take a risk there, but it’s one we must take if we are to live with a clean conscience. The one thing that people do not usually consider is the consequences of the action, which is why I like to start with this scenario.”

 

Draco looked down, and Theo grabbed his hand under the table, Draco squeezed it back appreciatively.

 

“In this case, the woman is young, but she is married. Her husband works hard in the DMLE, he’s an intelligent man, and he wants to forge a better life for his young wife and his child. When he comes home to find out that his wife has died, to save an old wandmaker, it fuels his belief that the DMLE is corrupt. As a result, he turns to darkness and finds supporters who believe his theory and he rises against not only the DMLE but the Ministry. Many lives are lost in the battle that follows, so by saving this pregnant woman; you are preventing that bloodshed.”

 

“Every action has a consequence,” Harry said thoughtfully.

 

“Exactly, always bear that in mind when choosing your course of action, Mr Potter,” Weir said with a nod. At that point, the bell rang, so they gathered up their bags and left.

 

While Theo ribbed Draco for his ‘crush’ on the Auror, (“Oh come on, curly brown hair, kind eyes, she’s like a MILF version of Hermione.” “Oh for the love of Salazar, Theo, shut up!’) Harry hung back a little.

 

“You were talking about Ginny,” Harry said as he fell into step with Blanche and Ophelia.

 

“She’s always talking about Ginny,” Ophelia said with a chuckle.

 

Blanche rolled her eyes, “Well, she will be giving birth to my niece. I do need to make sure that she keeps well.”

 

“Is she doing okay?” Harry asked.

 

“She’s fine,” Blanche replied, “Fed up of being pregnant, think she looks like a beached whale when in fact, she is glowing rather beautifully but in perfect health.”

 

Harry chuckled, “And how is Blaise doing?”

 

“Oh he’s being Blaise,” Blanche said with a laugh, “Focusing on the practicalities, you know? He’s building the house and making sure everything is ready because that’s easier than dealing with her mood swings and weird cravings.”

 

Harry snorted, “She’s always eaten weird stuff anyway, so I doubt pregnancy has changed her much.”

 

“Did she always eat treacle tart and steak pie, together?”

 

Harry made a face, “That’s disgusting.”

 

“Are you sure she’s not having your baby?” Neville asked as he fell in step with them.

 

“It is definitely not my baby,” Harry snorted, “You slept with her after I did.”

 

“Yeah during the war, that would be one hell of a long pregnancy,” Neville joked.

 

“Look you two,” Blanche said irritably, “Saying stuff like that just cements everyone's opinion that she’s a loose woman who got herself knocked up. She’s not Ginny Weasley anymore, she’s a Zabini, and we look out for our own-”

 

“Sorry,” Harry cut in, “I don’t think that. I’ve never thought that and I love her to bits, I’m sorry if it came across wrong.”

 

Neville nodded, “She’s one of my best friends, Blanche. I’m sorry too.”

 

Blanche nodded, “Just wanted to make sure we were on the same page.”

 

“We are,” Harry promised as he and Neville jogged to catch up with Draco and Theo.

 

“Way to make it obvious you fancy your brother's pregnant wife, Blanche.”

 

“Shut up Fee.”

 

Friday afternoon brought the activity that all of the recruits had been looking forward to the most. It was the afternoon they were allowed to spend in the simulation room which they had heard so much about.

 

They gathered in the same waiting room where they had been forced to wait before their selection tests. The five doors remained, but rather than saying, “Testing Room One” through to Five, they now said, “Junior Trainee Simulation Room”, “Intermediate Trainee Simulation Room”, “Advanced Trainee Simulation Room”, “Exam Testing Room One” and “Exam Testing Room Two.”

 

“Good afternoon recruits,” Sheppard said once everyone was gathered in the room, “As you can see, this has changed a little since you saw it last, but this is how our simulation area normally looks. We just have to shake things up a little during the selection process. We have three simulation rooms that you will be using over the next year; you will all start in the junior room. We work things on a point-based system, so once you reach the required level of points, you will move up to the next room. You will move at different levels depending on how competent you are so for the moment you will all work on the same situation together until pairs start to move up to the intermediate room. Do you have any questions?”

 

Draco raised his hand and asked, “How does the point system work?”

 

“Good question,” Sheppard said, “Every time you use the simulation room you will encounter a situation designed to test your magical skills, practical skills and decision-making skills. Certain things you do will gain you points, and certain things you do will lose you points. Any further questions?”

 

“Do we work together or in our pairs?” Blanche asked.

 

“You should all work together,” Sheppard replied, “But you are in pairs for a reason. Your points are based on your Auror partnership, so you need to work together to advance yourself and get into the next room.”

 

When Sheppard saw that there were no further questions, he said, “Okay then. Situation One: A dragon has just terrorised a northern English town. The Ministry has sent people to restrain the dragon, but you are being sent in to deal with the aftermath. You have three and a half hours; if you finish earlier, then we’ll let you know and open the door up for you. Are you ready?”

 

There was a chorus of “Yes sir,” then Sheppard opened the door, and they filtered in. Nobody had been sure what to expect, apart from perhaps Harry and Neville, but the scene was one of complete carnage.

 

Almost every cottage in the village was in flames; they were engulfing the bordering forest too. People were screaming everywhere. Dead and injured people were lying in heaps on the streets and in the town square.

 

Harry swallowed hard; it took him right back to the war. Hogwarts was burning all over again, and the dead were lined up in the great hall.

 

“Focus on today, not the past,” Neville murmured as his own eyes took in the horror around them.

 

Harry nodded, nobody else had moved or spoken yet, but they needed to formulate a battle plan. He cleared his throat, “First priority has to be to attend to the injured. We need to line the dead up in the town square and cover them for modesty. We also need to set up a first aid station over there by the part of the forest that isn’t burning.”

 

“Can I suggest that Blanche and I attend to the injured?” Ophelia asked, “I know some of you guys are better healers but we are good at staying calm under pressure which will help us prioritise which ones to heal first.”

 

Harry nodded, “I agree.”

 

“And my father was an Arson Auror. I know the best way to put out a forest fire,” Emily said.

 

Harry nodded, “Emily, Max, you two focus on stopping the forest fire spreading any further. Draco, Theo, you two try your best to get people out of the houses and then see if you can put the fires out. Blanche, Ophelia, set up a temporary hospital wing then attend to the injured. Neville and I will bring the injured from the streets to you and line up the dead in the town square.”

 

Nobody questioned the fact that Harry had taken the lead. They all just nodded and then left to get on with the tasks that they had been assigned. It didn’t take Blanche and Ophelia long to transfigure a tent out of logs that hadn’t been set alight and some sheets from one of the few houses that wasn’t burning. With their temporary workstation in place, they set about transfiguring camp beds.

 

Harry and Neville quickly lost hope that there would be any survivors. By the time they had cleared the streets leading up to the town square, they had found no survivors. All of the dead were male, and as it currently stood, there were 14 of them lined up in the town square.

 

Draco and Theo were having more luck in the houses. They were running in under strong shield charms and running back out holding kids or sheltering women. It seemed that all those trapped in the homes were women and children, and all those on the street were male.

 

“Do you think they were defending their families from the dragon?” Neville asked in an undertone.

 

Harry nodded grimly, “I think that’s exactly what they were doing.”

 

Neville sighed, and they moved on to the other side of the town square. They had more luck here because they found their first survivors. Some of them had nasty burns and were moaning in pain, but they were alive. By the time they had gotten all of the dead into the square and all of the survivors to Blanche and Ophelia, an hour and a half had passed.

 

“That’s all of them,” Harry said when they reconvened with Draco and Theo outside of the temporary hospital wing.

 

Draco and Theo were both covered in soot. Theo wiped his brow and nodded, “We managed to get most of them out safely.”

 

“Three women dead and two children,” Draco said darkly, “The house was virtually gone by the time we got there.”

 

“That brings the death toll up to 21,” Harry said, he looked over the cottages, some of which were still smoking even now that the flames were gone, “It looks like Max and Emily did a good job with the forest fire.”

 

“We should all pitch in to help Blanche and Ophelia,” Draco said, “They are good, but they can’t manage on their own.”

 

Harry nodded, “I’ve done my part. Those two are in charge now, let’s see where we can help them.”

 

The foursome walked over to Blanche who was tending to a badly burned man, “How can we-”

 

“Don’t try anything beyond your capability level,” Blanche said sharply, “You’ll only screw it up and give us more work. Draco, Theo; you two are competent enough to deal with pretty much everyone here. Harry, Neville, go over to minor injuries and smoke inhalation.”

 

“That’s probably fair,” Harry muttered to Neville as they did as they were told.

 

“It’s definitely fair,” Neville muttered back.

 

It took the remaining two hours that they had left in the room to tend to the injured, and they lost another four due to their injuries. All in all, it wasn’t the fun afternoon they had all been looking forward to. In fact, they came away from it feeling incredibly deflated.

 

 

“You look world-weary.”

 

Harry nodded and rubbed his eyes, “Today was our first time in the simulation room. They give you a scenario and test how you deal with it. Today we had to deal with the aftermath of a dragon attack. The final death toll was 25.”

 

Daphne sighed, “I’m sorry, that doesn’t sound like a fun way to spend a Friday afternoon.”

 

“It wasn’t,” Harry said, he sank into a chair at the table, “Did you cook?”

 

“No, I got Kreacher to cook,” Daphne said sheepishly.

 

“I keep telling you, the only way to learn is by actually doing it,” Harry said with an amused smile, “What are you going to do when we’re in the cottage in Devon?”

 

“Bring a house-elf with us?”

 

“No, definitely not,” Harry said, “Learn to cook.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “I’m far too busy to learn to cook now. I mean today Bill-”

 

“I love you babe, but I don’t want to hear about Bill every night I come in,” Harry said honestly, “I’m sorry if that’s harsh, but I’ve had a shit day, so I know that Bill is a wonderful mentor who you admire but I don’t want to hear it right now.”

 

“That’s harsh, Harry,” Daphne said stiffly, “I mean it’s a bit of a dick move. Just because you had a bad day, that shouldn’t mean I can’t enjoy my job.”

 

“No, enjoy your job by all means,” Harry said, “But I just don’t want to know how awesome Bill is all of the time. I know he’s awesome, I’ve met him, and…frankly, I have no idea how you two do what you do.”

 

Daphne frowned, “What do you mean?”

 

“Curse breaking,” Harry said, “We had a class about it today. Apparently, we need to know the basics in case we need to break a curse before the Curse Breakers can get there. I just don’t know how you do it Daph.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “It’s not that hard; it’s just numbers.”

 

“Just numbers?” Harry asked in disbelief, “I don’t get it at all. How do letters become numbers? It makes no sense; I just don’t understand. Why is a spell numerical in its pure form? I don’t get it.”

 

Daphne bit her lip, “Yeah, I can see that.”

 

“Please help me understand,” Harry half-joked, half-begged.

 

“You’re asking me to explain my entire job in the space of a few hours,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“I know, sorry,” Harry said sheepishly.

 

Daphne shook her head and smiled at him fondly, “What can I say? I do like a challenge. I think I might have a way to teach you…you work best under pressure, don’t you?”

 

Harry frowned but nodded, “Uh yes, why?”

 

Before Harry realised what she was doing, Daphne pulled her wand out and said, “Soperius!”

 

Harry jumped back in shock, “What did you do?”

 

“I just cursed you,” Daphne said, “You have one hour to work it out and un-curse yourself. Did you retain any information from today's class?”

 

“What? No! What do you mean you just cursed me?” Harry asked in a rather high-pitched, panicked voice.

 

“You work best under pressure, you needed motivation,” Daphne said with a wave of her hand, “Don’t be a pussy about it.”

 

“What did you curse me with?” Harry asked.

 

“You have to work that out for yourself,” Daphne told him, “So get working. Surely you remember something from today?”

 

Harry shut his eyes and thought hard, “Uh…heart number is vowels, the social number is consonants, and the character number is both of them added together.”

 

Daphne nodded, “To see the curse, you need to use a diagnostic charm like…this.”

 

Golden writing appeared in thin air, “So the first word in the curse in its numerical form is “2 (14, 6, 20).”

 

“How on earth do I get a word out of that?” Harry asked blankly.

 

“It’s all about working backwards,” Daphne said, “Look at this chart,” she scribbled out a quick numerical chart like the one Mitchell had shown them, “You focus on what must be true first. For example, there must be more than one vowel in the name; otherwise, the heart number wouldn’t be higher than 9. Now that you know that there is more than one vowel, you need to work out what vowels would create the number 14. Start by assuming there are two vowels and if you can’t get the number you need, then try again with the assumption that there are 3 vowels.”

 

Harry frowned at the chart, “Uh…okay.”

 

It took him about 10 minutes to add up all of the possibilities, “5 and 9!”

 

Daphne smiled at him, “Yeah, so the two vowels are?”

 

“E and I,” Harry said.

 

“Exactly. Now do the same with the consonants. The social number is 6, so?”

 

“There’s only one consonant?” Harry said.

 

“Not necessarily,” Daphne replied, “There could be two consonants with a low value.”

 

Harry groaned and let his head hit the table with a loud thump, “Daphne! I thought I was actually getting the hang of this shit!”

 

 

When Draco got home, he felt completely deflated. Pulling women and kids out of burning buildings wasn’t his idea of fun, but at least there had been minimal deaths. If he was honest though, he wanted to come home, have a drink, then crawl into bed.

 

The moment he walked into the kitchen and saw Hermione covered in dirt and sobbing her heart out, he knew that wasn’t going to happen.

 

“Hermione!”

 

Hermione looked up, tearfully, “Draco, I’m so glad you’re home!”

 

She launched herself at him and his nose wrinkled up. Not only was she covered in dirt, but she also stunk of sweat and muck.

 

“What’s going on? Are you okay?”

 

Hermione nodded, but tears were still falling from her eyes, “I had to bury him, and his body was all stiff and heavy, and it was awful!”

 

Draco’s eyes widened, “What? You buried someone in our back garden?”

 

Hermione sniffled, “Where else was I supposed to put him?”

 

“Hermione,” Draco said nervously, “Who have you buried? What’s going on? Did you just find a dead guy or did someone try to hurt you or-”

 

“Draco!” Hermione said through her tears, “It’s not a person, it’s Crookshanks. I came him from work, and he was just lying there all stiff and cold and…”

 

She broke down into tears again before she could say anymore. Draco breathed a sigh of relief, partly because he had been worried that his fiancé was a murderer for a moment there and mostly because he fucking hated that cat.

 

“Oh love, I’m sorry,” Draco said while he held her and patted her back gently, “I know you loved him, but he lived a good, long life didn’t he? He lived through a war; he was a brave old cat.”

 

“He was,” Hermione sobbed, “He was the bravest cat.”

 

“The bravest cat I ever knew,” Draco said solemnly.

 

“Draco,” Hermione sobbed, “Are you making fun of me?”

 

“No, he was a courageous cat, as far as cats go,” Draco said, “But he was old, he’s probably in a better place now.”

 

Hermione buried her head in his chest, “What am I going to do without him? He's been tripping me up forever.”

 

“Well, we could always get a dog when you feel ready for another pet,” Draco said, “Or you could get an owl?”

 

“I hate owls, they’re arrogant and proud,” Hermione said, she wiped her eyes, “And dogs are so yappy and annoying. It would be like having Harry around all of the time.”

 

Draco snorted at that but didn’t mention anything about her getting another cat. She knew why, he didn’t like cats, he had made her aware of that when Crookshanks had hung around him during their last year at school.

 

“Come on, let’s find something funny to watch on TV and open a bottle of wine,” Draco said, “It’s Friday night, I’m not going to let you spend all night moping and crying.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Are you really okay?”

 

Daphne sighed and looked up at Harry, “I am fine and the more you ask me that, the more annoying it gets.”

 

“I know,” Harry said sheepishly while he leant against the door. He was wearing a nice shirt and his smart shoes because they were getting ready for dinner at Grimmauld Place.

 

Daphne turned back to the mirror and continued to put her make-up on.

 

“It’s just…” Harry said slowly, “Even though you say that you’re fine, what happened was a bad thing and it was a big deal and-”

 

“And what? You don’t think I’m okay?” Daphne asked, “Do I seem like I’m not okay?”

 

“Yes,” Harry said, he looked her right in the eye, “You’re a bit snappier than usual and a bit jumpier too. I don’t blame you for that, but I want to help you, and I can’t do that if you keep telling me that you’re fine when you’re not.”

 

“I am fine,” Daphne assured him, “I hate Fawley, but I know that he was punished for what he did. Yes, I feel stupid for acting like a vulnerable little girl because that’s not who I am. They called me the ice queen for a reason, and I should have cursed that bastard and told Bill as soon as he started his shit.”

 

“Hindsight is a wonderful thing,” Harry said, “Everyone says they would do things differently with hindsight. Daph, what happened to you…I think most people would have been scared and that’s why Fawley did it. I can guarantee that you aren’t the first person that creep has blackmailed, but you are the first person to call him out on it, and that is why they call you the ice queen.”

 

Daphne turned around and smiled at him, “I think that’s the sweetest thing someone has ever said to me.”

 

Harry gave her a boyish lopsided smile; it was the smile that had made her fall in love with him.

 

“Don’t look at me like that,” Daphne said, “We’re already late.”

 

“And?” Harry said, “We’re always late.”

 

Daphne smirked, “Yeah…that’s true. Why ruin our bad reputation by showing up on time?”

 

Harry just grinned.

 

“You guys are so late! You missed the starter!”

 

“Sorry, Hermione, it was my fault,” Daphne said with a wave of her hand, “It took me forever to decide what to wear.”

 

“Never mind, you made it in time for the main course,” Sadie said before Hermione could stress or fly off the handle any further.

 

Draco shot Harry an amused look as the Gryffindor took his seat next to him.

 

“What’s the look for?” Harry asked innocently.

 

“You are so lying about why you were late,” Draco whispered.

 

“Yeah,” Lilly cut in, “You two are always late, and we aren’t stupid.”

 

“Most of the time it genuinely is because Daphne can’t decide what to wear, to be fair,” Harry whispered back.

 

“And I’m also not the one who got a special nickname after frolicking with my boyfriend in the dorm room,” Daphne whispered as she slipped into her seat between Harry and Lilly.

 

Lilly’s cheeks flushed, “Oh shut up.”

 

Neville looked a little too pleased with himself as he looked down to hide his smirk.

 

Harry shot Daphne an amused look, “Nice comeback.”

 

“They don’t call me the ice queen for nothing,” Daphne said with a smirk that Harry hadn’t seen for a while.

 

He grinned, “The bitch is back.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “You aren’t supposed to be happy about that.”

 

“Don’t get me wrong; there’s nothing wrong with the soft, warm inner you,” Harry promised her in a whisper, “But I fell in love with the ice queen.”

 

“I think I’m going to vomit.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “Shut up, Hermione.”

 

Hermione smiled innocently from where she had been standing behind them, “I was just waiting for you to finish your conversation so I could ask what you wanted to drink?”

 

“Wine,” Daphne said, “I’ll have red, he’ll have white.”

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at her, “Since when do you order for me?”

 

“Since you got predictable,” Daphne remarked, “It’s all you can drink now, isn’t it? White wine?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry agreed grudgingly.

 

“And your okay to do that?” Neville asked, eyeing his best friend carefully.

 

“Wine is fine. Do not ever let me near whiskey though, because that’s my achilles heel,” Harry said honestly.

 

Daphne smirked, “I’ll make a proper pureblood of you yet.”

 

Hermione shook her head in amusement, “You two are on good form at the moment.”

 

Harry smiled slightly and put his arm around Daphne. While Hermione got their wine, Harry surveyed the room. He never knew who was going to be invited to these gatherings, Susan always was, but she only showed up sometimes. Ron and Ginny were sometimes invited depending on whose house they were at.

 

Sadie and Theo were sitting across from Harry and Daphne, Neville and Lilly were sitting beside them. Draco and Hermione were on their other side. Further up the table sat Susan and Percy, and Ginny and Blaise.

 

“Where’s Ron?” Harry asked curiously; he assumed that he had been invited since this was Hermione’s house.

 

“Working,” Draco replied, “It’s a busy weekend apparently.”

 

“Fair enough,” Harry said, he made a mental note to catch up with Ginny later. He hadn’t spoken to her for a while, and he wanted to find out how she was getting on.

 

The small talk came to an end when Hermione brought Harry and Daphne their wine then served the main course. Once they had finished their meal, they all headed upstairs into the drawing-room to drink Draco’s expensive whiskey and catch up.

 

“Hey, Gin.”

 

Ginny smiled weakly at Harry, “Hey Harry.”

 

“You look tired,” Harry noted.

 

Ginny shrugged, “It’s getting more and more difficult to sleep.”

 

“But you’re okay though, aren’t you?” Harry asked.

 

Ginny nodded, “I’m getting pretty bored of sitting around the house all day with Zara and the kids while everyone is at work, but yeah, I’m okay.”

 

“The kids?”

 

“Beatrice and Billie,” Ginny explained, “Blaise’s younger siblings.”

 

Harry nodded, “So I gather Blanche has been helping you a lot?”

 

Ginny frowned, “What makes you say that?”

 

“Oh, she talks about you at training,” Harry answered, “I figured you must be pretty close after her rant about how great you were in class the other day.”

 

“Yeah…well, Blaise has been busy with the house, so Blanche has been helping me with stuff,” Ginny said slowly, “What rant are you talking about exactly?”

 

“It was in Law and Ethics,” Harry replied, “The situation was about a pregnant woman. Theo was saying because she was young, she probably didn’t have N.E.W.T’s and wouldn’t be successful then Blanche took him down a few pegs by saying she had a close friend who aced her N.E.W.T’s and would be an excellent role model to her kid.”

 

Ginny nodded, “Uh, yeah. Look, I need to talk to Hermione, but we’ll catch up later, okay?”

 

“Okay,” Harry said, frowning after her as he wondered what he had said wrong.

 

 

“Hermione, do you think we could talk in private for a second?”

 

Hermione looked up; she was sitting on a sofa with Sadie. The two women were drinking wine and laughing, sitting more closely together than Ginny had seen them sit before.

 

“Yes, of course, Gin. Is everything okay?”

 

“Yeah,” Ginny forced a smile, “I just want to talk to you about something.”

 

“Come on out onto the balcony then,” Hermione said. She got to her feet, propped the door open and led Ginny out.

 

They sat down, Hermione on the ground with her back against the wall, and Ginny on the one seat that could fit on the tiny little veranda.

 

“You and Sadie are close these days,” Ginny mused.

 

“Yeah well, that will happen when your fiance and their husband are practically boyfriends,” Hermione said with an amused smile.

 

Ginny chuckled, “How close are you? If you don’t mind me asking?”

 

Hermione frowned, “Uh…why do you ask?”

 

“I just noticed that you seem closer these days,” Ginny said with a shrug, “You sit closer together, you know? It’s almost….intimate.”

 

“Well,” Hermione said slowly, “I guess we kind of are intimate without being intimate if that makes sense? Draco and Theo are really close, so that means that Sadie and I do spend a lot of time together. We enjoy each others company on an intellectual and personal level, but I suppose we do like to be near each other. We read in the library together, or if we’ll eat dinner together if the boys are at work. We spent a lot of time this summer under a blanket on the roof garden, just talking about life, debating whether divination was real.”

 

Ginny nodded slowly, “You care about her. That much is obvious when you talk about her.”

 

“I do care about her,” Hermione agreed.

 

“Would you go as far as to say that you love her?” Ginny asked.

 

“In our way, yes, Not in the same way that I love Draco, but yes. Now, what is with the loaded questions. Gin?” Hermione asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“I think I might have made a mistake when I married Blaise,” Ginny admitted.

 

“Oh?” Hermione asked, “In what way?”

 

“Well, I…” Ginny trailed off, “I’ve slept with a lot of guys, but I wouldn’t say I particularly enjoyed sex that much. This is TMI, I know, sorry.”

 

“It’s fine,” Hermione said with a smile, “Go on.”

 

“Part of me did it to rebel, being the youngest kid and all,” Ginny said, “And part of me loved the thrill, but the sex was never mind-blowing. Not until Blaise, but that’s because he knows lots of nifty charms and – I’m going totally off-topic sorry – anyway, the point is…”

 

Hermione watched her friend in amusement; she had no idea where this was going.

 

“I had doubts before I married Blaise, but I did it anyway because I think it’s the best thing for the baby,” Ginny said calmly, “But I think deep down I’ve known since Daphne snogged me in a broom closet during the war that I’m not really that straight.”

 

“Yes, I can understand that,” Hermione chuckled, “I have experience of hot, blonde Slytherins making me question my sexuality.”

 

Ginny looked up in surprise, “You said you and Sadie-”

 

“Weren’t intimate, apart from the one time that we were,” Hermione said with a sheepish smile “Draco and Theo were there, it's a long story and totally off-topic. Honestly, Ginny, I don’t think anyone is completely into one sex. That’s one thing I’ve learned since the war, and since becoming friends with such a vast range of people.”

 

“Yes, I know,” Ginny said honestly, “But I think I’m veering very much to one side. Like I don’t mean 50/50. I’m talking 90/10, and it’s all Blanche’s fault, well and Daphne’s. It’s kind of Daphne’s fault too.”

 

“What’s my fault?”

 

Ginny jumped as Daphne peered out from the slightly ajar balcony door.

 

“That Ginny’s a lesbian,” Hermione replied bluntly.

 

“Oh, I called that!” Daphne said, squeezing herself out onto the balcony, “You don’t kiss like a straight girl.”

 

“Daphne,” Hermione muttered as the blonde girl sat down on top of her, “You’re not helping, and you are crushing my leg.”

 

Daphne kicked Hermione’s leg out of the way, “No I’m not, stop being a drama queen. How did you come to this earth-shattering revelation then, Gin?”

 

Ginny shook her head in amusement, “Because of Blanche bloody Zabini, and what do you mean, I don’t kiss like a straight girl? How many girls have you kissed exactly?”

 

“A few,” Daphne said with an amused smirk, “You, Susan, she doesn’t kiss like a straight girl either but don’t tell Percy that.”

 

“So how do you know what a straight girl kisses like then?” Ginny asked, raising an eyebrow at her friend.

 

“Well, Tracey, Sadie and I all kissed each other in fifth year, just for curiosity sakes, you know?”

 

“No, because Gryffindors don’t do that,” Hermione said.

 

Ginny nodded, “That’s a Slytherin thing.”

 

Daphne shrugged, “All the same, Tracey was definitely straight. Sadie? I mean I thought she was, but I’m not so sure ever since her and Hermione’s foursome.”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “And what about you, then? Because I’m doing the maths in my head and I reckon you’ve kissed more girls than guys.”

 

Daphne thought about this, “Yeah I’m four for three. But the most I’ve done with a girl was that insanely good make-out session with you, Ginny. Now the mind-blowing sex I have with Harry, like in every room of our cottage in Devon, that is how I know I’m mostly straight.”

 

“What’s your ratio?” Hermione asked.

 

“Who can do that?” Daphne scoffed.

 

“90/10,” Ginny said, “Girls to guys.”

 

Hermione weighed it up, “I think I’m 70/30, guys to girls.”

 

“Well, Sadie must be good in the bedroom!” Daphne grinned.

 

“Come on then. What’s yours?”

 

“Oh to hell with it, if we’re being honest,” Daphne snorted, “50/50.”

 

“50/50?” Hermione snorted.

 

“Yeah, I may or may not have thought about asking Lilly’s opinion on foursomes after your story,” Daphne said with an amused grin, “But Neville would never go for it, and she’d need a bit of convincing which is a shame because she’s cute, for a Ravenclaw.”

 

“Whose cute for a Ravenclaw?”

 

Daphne looked up as Sadie popped her head out, “Lil.”

 

“Yeah, fair point,” Sadie mused, “Why are you talking about Lil being cute?”

 

“We’re just discussing our gay ratio,” Hermione said, “What’s yours?”

 

“70:30,” Sadie answered.

 

Daphne snorted, “So the 30 is Hermione then since she said the exact same thing.”

 

Sadie shot Hermione an amused look, “What’s yours then? Girls all the way except for Harry?”

 

“No,” Daphne scoffed, “Blaise was also rather enjoyable. He knows all these nifty little charms that just make you-”

 

“Okay, if you two want to continue this conversation privately, that’s fine with me,” Hermione exclaimed as she got to her feet. She stumbled because Daphne kicked her, and Sadie grabbed her hand.

 

“Could you not fall to your death from my balcony?” Sadie asked.

 

“Could you tell your best friend not to be such a pain in the arse?” Hermione countered.

 

“Daphne, stop being a pain in the arse.”

 

Daphne snorted, “God Sadie, do you always do what your girlfriend tells you to?”

 

“When she’s right, yes.”

 

“And no denial,” Daphne tutted, “What a little pureblood scandal you two are.”

 

Hermione shook her head in amusement, “You’re drunk.”

 

“I’m moderately tipsy.”

 

Sadie smiled in amusement, “Ginny, make sure she doesn’t fall to her death.”

 

“I will,” Ginny chuckled as the other two girls left the balcony.

 

Daphne got herself comfy against the wall, “So I’m not gonna lie, I’m a little bit proud of the fact that I turned Harry Potters girlfriend gay.”

 

“Then got engaged to Harry Potter?” Ginny snorted.

 

“I know, right? It’s almost like I planned it,” Daphne said as she raised her hand and said, “Accio wine.”

 

The wine glass flew out of the open door into her hand, and Sadie yelled, “Don’t you fucking dare pour that on unsuspecting muggles like last time!”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes and muttered, “No wonder she and Hermione are so happy together, bloody killjoys.”

 

Ginny snorted at that and looked out at the view of the street.

 

“I didn’t plan it by the way,” Daphne said offhandedly, “I just thought you were hot.”

 

Ginny raised an eyebrow, “Thanks, but you kinda gave me an existential crisis here.”

 

“Nah, you married into a pureblood family, it will be fine,” Daphne said honestly, “Just talk to Blaise, he’s normally cool with whatever. And if you have an affair with a girl, nobody is really going to care. I mean it’s not the biggest scandal to come from the Zabinis, look at his brothers. That was too far, even for half-brothers.”

 

“Were they really sleeping together then?” Ginny asked.

 

“Yep,” Daphne replied, “And Zara is normally on board with whatever but she was not okay with that. Belinda is more interested in sex than relationships because her job is so stressful and Blanche is a total – oh my god – you’re totally into Blanche!”

 

Ginny grimaced, “Do you wanna yell that louder? I don’t think all of London heard you,” she said irritably.

 

“Sorry,” Daphne said sheepishly, “But wow! You want to fuck Blaise’s sister-”

 

“Daphne!”

 

“Sorry.”

 

“Jesus, you are drunk,” Ginny said with a shake of her head, “Aguamenti!”

 

Daphne shrieked, “You bitch!”

 

Ginny smirked, “Sober yet?”

 

“I take back everything I said about that hot make-out session,” Daphne huffed, “You’re a terrible kisser, Weaslette.”

 

 

When Ginny and Blaise got back to High Top House, Ginny actively tried to avoid bumping into Blanche. However, that did not go well because Blanche was in her bedroom.

 

"Uh, hi?"

 

Blanche raised an eyebrow at her, "Hi. What's up with you?"

 

"Nothing," Ginny lied.

 

"You're a terrible liar," Blanche snorted, "What happened at the Malfoys?"

 

"You can't call it the Malfoys," Ginny snorted, "The only Malfoys there are Abraxas and Elladora, and they live in a portrait."

 

"Draco will always be a Malfoy, even if he says he's a Black now," Blanche said with a roll of her eyes, "He's pretentious, and he has a fucking pet peacock."

 

"Called Princess," Ginny grinned.

 

"You have got to be kidding."

 

"Nope," Ginny said, falling onto her bed and sighing.

 

"Seriously, what's up?"

 

"Nothing really," Ginny replied, "I just had a chat with the girls tonight."

 

"And why is that making you act all weird?" Blanche asked curiously.

 

Ginny pushed herself up in her bed, "Because I discovered that none of my friends are completely straight. Apparently, everyone has a ratio."

 

"Oh yeah, they do," Blanche agreed.

 

"What's yours?" Ginny asked curiously.

 

Blanche grinned, "99:1. Guys really don't do it for me. What's yours?"

 

"90:10," Ginny replied honestly.

 

"In favour of guys?" Blanche checked.

 

"No, in favour of girls," Ginny said, eying Blanche nervously, "Probably down to a really hot make-out session with Daphne during the war."

 

"Oh," Blanche said with a grin, "Well...Daphne Greengrass...I mean I would so go there, she is hot."

 

"She is," Ginny agreed, maybe a little bit too quickly, "And unsurprisingly her ratio is 50:50. She's kissed more girls than guys, but Harry is a sex god apparently, I mean I thought he was pretty average."

 

"Maybe that's just cause you're not that into cocks," Blanche said with an evil grin.

 

Ginny snorted, "Shut up."

 

"Does Blaise know about this ratio of yours?" Blanche asked curiously.

 

"No, and that is a conversation I'll be saving for after this bloody baby is out of me," Ginny added with a sigh, "I'm just so sick of being pregnant."

 

"Yeah, it does last a long time," Blanche teased, "Have a dragon next time; they only take two months."

 

"Fuck you," Ginny muttered, throwing a pillow at her friend, "You're never going to have to go through all of this shit, I envy you."

 

"Ah well," Blanche shrugged, "I won't, which is okay because I don't think I'll ever be the most maternal, but that's why I like being with you."

 

Ginny looked up in surprise, "What do you mean?"

 

"I enjoy you being pregnant without having to ever do it myself," Blanche said with a shrug, "I mean I like kids and all, but getting impregnated is not high on my priorities."

 

"Mainly cause that will involve a dick," Ginny said bluntly.

 

"Chiefly because of that, yes," Blanche said with a chuckle. She rolled onto her side and said, "Is Blaise going to come to bed with you tonight?"

 

"I doubt it, he says I grumble in my sleep," Ginny muttered, "And apparently I get up to pee at least three times even though I don't remember it."

 

"You do, you pee all night," Blanche snorted, "You sleep pee. Clearly, I'm just a heavier sleeper than Blaise because I just laugh at you and go back to sleep."

 

Ginny rolled her eyes, "But you know Blaise, he needs his beauty sleep."

 

Blanche grinned, "I'll stay with you tonight. You keep being an asshole and rolling onto your back. I mean I don't know how many times I have to tell you, it's dangerous for the baby if you-"

 

"I know, I know," Ginny cut her off, "But I can hardly control what I do in my sleep, can I?"

 

"Apparently not."

 

"Do you think we spend too much time together?" Ginny asked as she got to her feet and opened the door to the bathroom, "I mean you're in here more than Blaise is."

 

"That's because Blaise is more of a girl than I am," Blanche snorted, "He needs his beauty sleep, he complains when you kick him because his poor little leg hurts the next day."

 

Ginny couldn't help the laugh that escaped her, "I know, but even when we're not in here, we're together. I mean we read together, or I test you about stuff to do with Auror training, or we talk about baby names. Do you think that's weird?"

 

"Honestly, Gin," Blanche shrugged, "I like your company. I'm quite happy to sit and read with you in the drawing-room because I like being close to you."

 

Ginny nodded, "Yeah. Me too," she said simply as she slipped into the bathroom.

 

Once she was out of earshot, she turned the shower on and hit her head against wall, "Fuck...just...fuck."

 

 

“Are you going to tell me why you’ve been so quiet since we got home?” Harry said as he took his shirt off, “I’ve done something wrong, haven’t I?”

 

“Not tonight,” Daphne said honestly, she was sitting in bed with a book open in front of her.

 

Harry frowned, “Not tonight? How much more cryptic can you get?”

 

Daphne sighed, “I should have mentioned this sooner, but with everything else going on it just didn’t take precedence. Hermione and I talked a lot when you were in isolation, and she said something about the war.”

 

“Oh fuck,” Harry muttered, “What did she say?”

 

“She said something about you and her,” Daphne said, “The way you were back then.”

 

“Stop skirting around the issue,” Harry said bluntly, “It’s about sex, isn’t it?”

 

“Yes,” Daphne said, she looked up at him, “She said the way you can be when you’re stressed is how you were with her, all of the time.”

 

“Look, neither of us were in a good place,” Harry said as he looked out of the window into the night, “And I just got…carried away.”

 

“Carried away?” Daphne asked coolly, “So if your job is getting stressful and you get carried away in the bedroom and hurt me, that’s okay?”

 

“Daphne-”

 

“You can’t use sex as a form of anger management, Harry,” Daphne cut in, “Especially not when you’re sleeping with your best friend, and it’s her first time. I mean, how insensitive were you? You must have known she was a virgin.”

 

“Yeah, I was an insensitive prick,” Harry snapped, “I was an arsehole, and I feel shit for it! If I could go back and change it, I would in a bloody heartbeat, but I can’t.”

 

Daphne crossed her arms and stared at him.

 

“I don’t know what else you want me to say?” Harry asked with a sigh, “I don’t know how you’re interpreting what she told you. I didn’t get off on hurting her or anything; I was just a bit…too eager, I guess that’s the polite way of putting it.”

 

“That’s one way of putting it,” Daphne muttered.

 

“When I realised I had hurt her, I felt fucking awful,” Harry said, “I went out and kicked the shit out of an old tree stump then I sat with my head in my hands and cried because she deserved the world, not that.”

 

“It’s different when you’re like that with me,” Daphne said with a sigh, “I mean I’m a big girl, and I can handle it, I mean most of the time I even like it.”

 

“Don’t joke,” Harry said, “Not about that.”

 

“I’m not joking,” Daphne promised him, “But I just…”

 

“But what? Is this why you’ve not been sleeping with me? Because I thought it was about what Fawley did-”

 

“It is, but Hermione mentioned this to me around the time that whole thing with Fawley started,” Daphne replied, “So I guess there’s a part of me that’s scared. Not of you, exactly, but what happened with Fawley has shaken me, and I’m not shaken easily.”

 

Harry stepped towards her and wrapped his arms around her, “You have to realise Daphne, that I was a completely different person back then. In my mind, there are two Harry’s and most people think it’s War Harry and Post-War Harry, but it isn’t.”

 

Daphne leant into his embrace, “No?”

 

“No,” Harry said, “It’s pre-Daphne and post-Daphne. You were the catalyst, not the end of the war, or going back to school, not befriending Draco, none of that. It was you coming into my life that changed everything. Sometimes I don’t think you realise how much you mean to me.”

 

“Sometimes maybe I take it for granted,” Daphne admitted, “And I shouldn’t, I’m sorry.”

 

Harry kissed her lightly, “I’m sorry too.”

 

“But I still don’t think I’m quite ready to have sex yet,” Daphne added.

 

“That’s fine,” Harry promised as he drew her in and kissed her forehead, “I’ll never force you into anything or try to push you when you don’t feel ready. You know I’ll always be here, regardless.”

 

Daphne sighed and shut her eyes, “I love you, Harry.”

 

“I know,” Harry murmured, “I love you too.”

 

 

When Daphne stepped into the kitchen, it was to find Harry nursing a cup of coffee. He looked up the moment he saw her and said, “Cuppa?”

 

“Tea, please,” Daphne said with a smile, “You look like you’ve been up all night.”

 

“I got some sleep,” Harry shrugged, “But I was thinking about stuff.”

 

“You going to tell me what stuff?” Daphne said.

 

“It’s not important,” Harry said honestly, “It’s just work.”

 

“Is he lying, Ana?” Daphne asked calmly.

 

“No, he has been up since 6 am though,” Anastasia’s portrait said.

 

Daphne shot Harry a concerned look, “Did you remember that we’re picking Teddy up today?”

 

Harry glanced at the clock, “You should still have time for a cup of tea though. Do you think we should start discussing adoption with Andromeda? It’s been thrown about as an idea, but I think we need to have a real chat now.”

 

“I would agree,” Daphne said as she accepted the hot cup of tea from Harry, “But there is a part of me that’s scared to have that conversation because…”

 

“It makes it real,” Harry nodded, “I know, I’ve been feeling the same. I definitely want to do it though.”

 

“So do I,” Daphne promised.

 

“Then we’ll do it,” Harry said.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Good morning!” Andromeda chirped, “You two are early this morning. Teddy isn’t even up yet.”

 

“That’s what we were hoping,” Harry said cryptically, “We thought it would be nice to talk before he wakes up.”

 

Andromeda raised an eyebrow at him, “You Gryffindors are terrible at being subtle,” she said. With a wave of her hand, a tray with three teacups and a pot of tea had appeared on the table in the morning-room.

 

Daphne chuckled, “I have tried to tell him that he needs to get better at that before he’s a qualified Auror.”

 

“Subtlety has never been my strong point if I’m honest,” Harry said.

 

“It wasn’t Dora’s either,” Andromeda said with a chuckle while she poured out the tea, “I can guess what it is you want to discuss while little ears is not here. Have you considered what I said about adoption?”

 

Daphne nodded, “We have considered it a lot.”

 

“We’ve done a lot of thinking,” Harry agreed, “And we wanted to discuss how it would work if we were going to go ahead with it.”

 

“Well, as I suggested when we last spoke,” Andromeda began, “Narcissa and myself would happily look after Teddy between us while you two are at work.”

 

“I never work weekends so it would be Monday to Friday,” Daphne said, “And I work a couple of hours less than Harry a day. so I could easily drop Teddy off and pick him up through the week.”

 

“We would find a way of making it work,” Andromeda assured them, “As long as we are all sure that it is what is best for Teddy.”

 

“Are you sure it is what’s best?” Harry asked, “You’re his grandmother, are you okay with letting him live with us?”

 

Andromeda sighed, “I love that little boy so much, Harry but I can’t give him what he needs. I’m exhausted by lunchtime after running around after him in the morning. I can’t play Quidditch with him or throw him around in the air to get him giggling like you can. The older Teddy gets, the harder it is for me to give him the attention that he needs.”

 

Harry nodded, “So this way, we all get what we want. You get to have Teddy during the day through the week, but you get your evenings and weekends to recuperate.”

 

“I feel awful for agreeing, but you are entirely right,” Andromeda said, “I am not as young as I once was. There is a reason that women have babies in their 20’s, you know.”

 

Daphne smiled, “It’s easier to balance everything when you’re young, and you’re already used to not getting any sleep.”

 

“Precisely,” Andromeda said, “This way we all get to see Teddy plenty but he will have a better quality of life. On a warm summers day, you can get back from a day of running around the country chasing bad guys and still have the energy to take him out to the park. I just don’t have that ability anymore.”

 

“We understand Andromeda,” Harry said gently, “And I don’t want you to feel bad about it. Grandparents aren’t supposed to raise their grandkids; they are supposed to babysit them and spoil them. You aren’t the one who isn’t doing your duty; I’m his godfather.”

 

“And you are only 19 years old,” Andromeda reminded him, “I doubt that Dora would have expected you to step up and offer to raise her son. She would be honoured that you are doing so, however.”

 

Harry shrugged, “I’m doing what I wish somebody would have done for me as a kid. Teddy has the chance to grow up in a loving family. He can grow up with two parents who love him and a grandmother who adores him, one day he will be a big brother. He will always have a safe place to come home to during the school holidays, and he will always have our love. If we do this right, the three of us can give him everything I always wanted as a kid.”

 

Daphne gripped Harry’s hand because she could see that he was getting emotional.

 

Andromeda smiled tearfully and nodded, “I don’t think Dora or Remus would have argued with that sentiment.”

 

“Neither do I,” Daphne said gently.

 

Andromeda wiped her eyes so subtly that Harry almost didn’t notice it, “If we all agree then I will start to get the papers drawn up. It can take some time for the contract to be finalised and whatnot. I will do it through the family solicitors to ensure that everything is kept as private as possible. You will get a copy via owl post to review; please make sure you read the contract very carefully when it arrives.”

 

“I will,” Daphne said with a pointed look at Harry.

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah, I’ll leave that part up to Daphne,” he agreed.

 

Andromeda chuckled at this, but before she could say anymore, Teddy came barrelling into the morning room, “Daffee!”

 

Daphne laughed and picked the boy up as he threw himself at her, “Good morning, little monster. Harry is here too, you know?”

 

Teddy cuddled into Daphne and smiled at Harry, “Dada.”

 

“No, Ted, I’m Harry,” Harry said gently, “We’ve been through this.”

 

“It’s pointless,” Andromeda said, “When I tell him that you two are taking him away for the weekend, he runs around shouting ‘Dada’ and ‘Daffee’.”

 

“Just accept it and let him call you Dada,” Daphne agreed.

 

Harry smiled and tickled the boy who was still in his pyjamas, “I guess I should start listening to the women in my life, don’t you think Teddy?”

 

Teddy just giggled in response.

 

 

“So I know you hate being away from me,” Neville said while he fried up a full English breakfast, “But that doesn’t mean you have to keep quiet about what you’re doing over there. I want to hear all about how much you love the course and about how great France is.”

 

“Well, I can tell you all about how great the course is,” Lilly said from the kitchen table, “But I hate France.”

 

“What’s so bad about it?” Neville asked curiously.

 

“The French?”

 

Neville snorted, “You sound like Theo. He was so annoyed when Sadie told him that she wanted to go to Paris on their honeymoon. I think he would have rather gone anywhere else.”

 

“He ended up enjoying it though, even if he pretends he didn’t,” Lilly said with an amused shake of her head, “But in all seriousness, I don’t like what I’ve seen of France. The French Healers in the centre are arrogant idiots. Then there’s Marcel who is just a slimy little slimeball.”

 

“Has he-”

 

“He’s left me alone since Clara spoke to him, don’t worry about it,” Lilly said offhandedly, “But then there’s French food which I thought I would enjoy, but I really don’t. I tried frogs legs, and the texture was just awful. Then I ordered a steak the other night, and it was basically rare! I think they just cut if off the cow and put it on the fucking plate.”

 

Neville raised an eyebrow at her, “You really don’t like France much, do you?”

 

She shook her head, “Nope. When we go on our honeymoon, we will definitely not going anywhere in France.”

 

“When?” Neville said as he put a plate of food in front of her, “Not so long ago you were terrified of commitment.”

 

“Well…” Lilly said as she looked down at her breakfast, “Distance does make the heart grow fonder.”

 

“I know,” Neville said, he placed his hand on top of hers, “You don’t appreciate what you have until it’s gone for a week at a time.”

 

“You should come and visit me in France,” Lilly said, she looked up at him, “Maybe I’ll like it more if you’re there.”

 

“Why Lillian Moon,” Neville said sarcastically, “I didn’t think you said cheesy things like that.”

 

Lilly smiled at him, “I’m serious, Nev.”

 

“Then I will seriously come to visit you in France,” Neville promised her, “Next weekend I’ll come to you. The only reason that I haven’t yet is because I thought you were enjoying catching up with everyone else while you were at home.”

 

“I am,” Lilly said honestly, “I love catching up with the girls and nipping over for a coffee with my Mum, but I don’t need to do it every weekend.”

 

“I think it’s about time I came to visit you anyway,” Neville said, “Your course-mates must be desperate to meet me since I was the one who bestowed your new nickname on you.”

 

Lilly whacked him around the head, “Oh shut up. They are desperate to meet you, but that’s only because they think you’re tall, dark and handsome.”

 

“I am rather tall, and I do have kind of mousy brown dark-ish hair,” Neville said with a grin.

 

“And you’re handsome,” Lilly added, “But don’t you dare flirt with any of them or I will kill you.”

 

“Why would my eyes ever wander when I have you?” Neville asked.

 

“At least what I said wasn’t that cheesy,” Lilly murmured as she stabbed a bit of bacon with her fork.

 

“Can I mess with Marcel next weekend?” Neville asked eagerly.

 

“I told you he hasn’t been bothering me lately.”

 

“I know, but I still want to mess with him.”

 

“Neville!”

 

“Please? Just a tiny bit?”

 

Lilly grinned at him and gave in, “Oh I suppose so…just a little bit.”

 

Neville grinned back, “I can’t wait.”

 

 

“Daph, can I ask you a question?”

 

“Uh-huh,” Daphne replied, she was a little pre-occupied because they had just set Teddy loose on the new kid's playset they had bought for the back garden of the Manor.

 

“Does it bother you that Teddy calls me Dada but only calls you Daffee?”

 

Daphne frowned and looked over at him, “No, of course not. You’re his godfather; he’s known you since he was a tiny baby. I’m a more recent addition to his life.”

 

“You’ve been around since before his first birthday,” Harry reminded her, “I know you only really started getting to know him at Easter, but he clearly loves you.”

 

“And that’s enough for me,” Daphne said honestly, “Children have a more profound bond with their mother. To Teddy, you are the only man he regularly sees therefore you are Daddy as far as he’s concerned. It’s more confusing where women are concerned because there’s Andi and Narcissa, then me.”

 

Harry hummed thoughtfully, “I was just worried it offended you.”

 

Daphne shook her head, “When we started talking about adopting Teddy, I realised that I need to accept something. I may become his Mum, but I will never be his mother, and that’s okay. He’s mine in a way that he will never be hers because I’m going to be the one who heals his cuts, cuddles him after a nightmare and soothes him when he’s unwell. But he is hers in a way that he will never be mine because I didn’t carry him for nine months and I didn’t give birth to him; I never held him in my arms as a baby. I’ll be his Mum, and she will always be his mother, and I’ll make sure he knows that as soon as he’s old enough.”

 

Harry smiled at her, a little tearfully, “That was beautiful. Did you come up with that on your own? Because that could go on a wall you know, it’s inspirational.”

 

Daphne chuckled and looked down to hide the emotions swimming in her eyes, “I came up with it while talking to Sadie late one night about the whole thing.”

 

“I love you so much,” Harry said, it was a little bit out of the blue, but Daphne understood, “I can’t believe that you and I are only 19 sometimes, but I don’t mind.”

 

“We both went through some awful things,” Daphne said while she watched Teddy playing, “Both in our childhood and during the war. When you grow up like that, you grow up fast because you don’t have a choice. I want Teddy to be able to grow up without that, you know?”

 

Harry nodded and slipped his hand into hers, “I want him to grow up good and slow like we should have done, but not many people in our generation got that chance. Some of us didn’t even get the chance to grow up…”

 

Daphne squeezed his hand, and Harry sighed, “Every kid has the potential to be something great, they just need the right people behind them. If Voldemort had been adopted by someone who showed him love, then maybe he wouldn’t have grown into the monster that he did. Without the Weasley’s or Hagrid or Sirius…I don’t know what I would have grown up to be.”

 

“With us behind him, Teddy can be whatever he wants to be,” Daphne assured Harry, “I know that you feel like you have to fix the mistakes that were made during your childhood through Teddy, but all you really need to do is love him. If you do that, everything else will fall into place.”

 

“I already do,” Harry assured her as he let his eyes fall on the little boy.

 

 

“I have to go out for a bit, are you going to be okay on your own?”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at her fiancé, “I spent a whole weekend with him while you were in isolation, I’ll be fine. Where are you going?”

 

“Just out to help someone,” Harry said quickly, “Won’t be long.”

 

“Oh no,” Daphne said sharply, “You don’t get to just disappear with a rubbish excuse. Who needs help?”

 

“Just a friend of mine, nobody you know,” Harry said, “It’s just a quick errand.”

 

Daphne took another step to block his access to the door, “Let’s try that again, shall we?”

 

Harry grimaced, “Theo told me not to tell you because he knew you would bring it up for the rest of his life.”

 

Daphne sniggered, “In that case, I’m not even going to ask now, but you can tell me all about it when you get back. I was just going to bake a cake with Teddy anyway so you wouldn’t have been much help here.”

 

Harry laughed, “Alright, I’ll see you in a bit. I promise I won’t be long.”

 

Before Daphne could say anything else, he had dashed out of the house. She shook her head, wondering what stupid situation Theo had gotten himself into this time, and shouted, “Teddy! Do you want to bake a cake for pudding tonight?”

 

The hyperactive little boy dashed into the entrance hall from the study with a grin on his face. Daphne laughed as she ushered him into the kitchen, “I’ll take that as a yes.”

 

 

“What the hell did you do to end up like that?”

 

“I pissed Sadie off,” Theo mumbled, “Can you just get me down, please?”

 

“I wish I had a camera right now,” Harry said with a grin. Theo was currently suspended from a tree in the back garden of his home. His feet had been tied together, and he had been hung upside down from one of the tallest branches.

 

“Just get me down you self-righteous prick.”

 

“Theo, hasn’t anyone told you to be nice to the person on the ground when you’re the one hanging from a tree?”

 

“Surprisingly enough, that has never come up in conversation,” Theo said sarcastically.

 

Harry snorted and levitated Theo towards the ground. Once he was close enough, Harry cut the rope and Theo fell into a crumpled heap on the grass below.

 

“Why didn’t you just ask Draco to help?” Harry asked with a bemused look, “I mean he literally lives right next door.”

 

“I didn’t want Draco to see me like that!” Theo said in an undignified manner.

 

“Oh for the love of Merlin,” Harry muttered under his breath, “I forgot about your epic love story. How did you manage to piss Sadie off so much anyway?”

 

“Ask me another,” Theo said as he picked himself up and dusted himself down, “Shall we just say that she’s a little touchy whenever Egypt is mentioned at the moment?”

 

Harry snorted, “What did you say?”

 

“She was complaining about having to go back,” Theo said, “So I just said something along the lines of well if you want to keep going with the course then you’re just going to have to suck it up for the next little while. The next thing I know, I wake up hanging from a fucking tree.”

 

Harry tried to hide his amused look, “Yeah, that is pretty touchy.”

 

“Exactly!” Theo said with a wave of his hand, “I need a bloody drink after that, are you in?”

 

Harry shook his head, “Nah, we’ve got Teddy for the weekend, so I really need to get back. I just nipped away when I got your Patronus asking for help.”

 

“You didn’t tell Daphne, did you?” Theo asked quickly, “She would never let me live it down.”

 

“I didn’t tell Daphne,” Harry promised, although he knew that his fiancé would find out what happened eventually. She had her ways and means of getting the truth out of Harry.

 

“But I will warn you,” Harry added, “Sadie will tell Daphne, you do realise that right?”

 

“I’m hoping if I apologise profusely, then she won’t,” Theo said with a shrug, “I think she should just pack it in if it’s making her this miserable, but that’s not how Sade thinks.”

 

“She needs to decide for herself,” Harry said, he patted Theo on the back, “Just walk on eggshells at the moment mate, yeah?”

 

“Yeah, thanks for pulling my arse out of the fire.”

 

“Or your arse down from the tree, as it so happened,” Harry grinned.

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “You’re going to tell Draco and Neville about this on Monday, aren’t you?”

 

“Oh yeah,” Harry said with a mischievous grin, “Have a good weekend, mate.”

 

 

When Harry stepped back into Potter Manor, the first thing he heard was laughter. It brought an instant smile to his face to hear Teddy laughing and Daphne chuckling with him. He followed the sound into the kitchen where it looked like a cake had been massacred rather than baked. There was flour on everything, including Daphne and Teddy.

 

“Merlin’s balls!” Harry said with a grin, “Did you bake a cake or did the cake bake you?”

 

“Cake Dada!” Teddy said excitedly. He jumped down from the little footstool he had been using and ran over to Harry.

 

“No, Teddy, don’t hug Daddy,” Daphne tried to say quickly, “You’re covered in…”

 

Teddy launched himself at Harry, “Flour.”

 

Harry laughed, “And now we’re both covered in flour, but that’s okay. These are my weekend clothes anyway.”

 

Daphne shook her head in amusement, “The cake did find it’s way to the oven eventually.”

 

“Did you have fun?” Harry asked Teddy.

 

Teddy nodded eagerly, “Chocolate cake!”

 

“Oh, that’s my favourite,” Harry said eagerly, “But I think while the chocolate cake is in the oven, you should have a bath.”

 

“I think that’s an excellent idea,” Daphne agreed.

 

Harry shot her a bright smile, and she smiled back at him. The conversation that had taken place between them and Andromeda that morning was still running through their heads. Harry suspected that Daphne felt the same as he did about the prospect, he was excited and over the moon, but that feeling was also tinged with a lot of nerves.

 

 

“Teddy, don’t fight me on this one. You need to wear a cardigan, it’s getting cold now,” Daphne was trying to tell the child.

 

Teddy kept shaking his head and pulling his arms out of the cardigan while she tried to put it on him.

 

“Teddy,” Harry said in a firmer tone of voice, “If that cardigan doesn’t go on, then you’re staying here while we go to the Burrow.”

 

Whether it was the threat or the tone of voice, Daphne didn’t know, but it did work. Teddy stopped going rigid and let Daphne put his cardigan on.

 

“I don’t think I’m even going to try and force a hat on him,” Daphne said as she shoved her feet into her boots.

 

“It’s not really cold enough yet,” Harry said, “And if I know Molly, now that the wind is starting to pick up a bit she will have moved things inside for the winter anyway.”

 

Daphne nodded and took Teddy’s hand, “I was hoping she would do that. I know it’s not that cold by our standards, but Teddy feels the cold so much more than us.”

 

“Fleur won’t want Victoire out in it either,” Harry said when they reached the fireplace, “And these days Molly listens to Fleur, for an easy life as much as anything else.”

 

“I think that’s why Bill listens to her too,” Daphne joked.

 

They both laughed as the floo powder was thrown into the fire. Harry went through first, and Daphne followed with Teddy. When they reached the Burrow, the large dining room table had been crammed into the kitchen once more.

 

“Sorry about the mess dear,” Molly said when she heard the floo roar, “It’s time for us to move things indoors again now that the weather is turning.”

 

Harry smiled in amusement and helped Daphne out of the fireplace with Teddy.

 

“Everyone else is in the living room,” Molly said, “And no Daphne dear, I don’t need any help before you ask.”

 

Daphne chuckled, “Alright Molly,” she said. Between them, they managed to drag Teddy into the living room, which was full of people. He hid behind Daphne’s legs as he tended to when faced with a big crowd.

 

“It’s alright Teddy, it’s just busier than you’ve been used to over the summer,” Daphne said gently. She reached into her bag and pulled out a reasonably well-worn dragon plush toy, “I brought Elli.”

 

Teddy grabbed the toy and covered his face with it.

 

“Elli, the dragon?” Charlie asked.

 

“It’s short for Elliot,” Daphne said, “Harry named it after a dragon in a Muggle book or something.”

 

“It was a film I used to like,” Harry said, “It was called Pete’s dragon.”

 

“So Elli is a boy?”

 

“Hey, it’s nearly 2000. Boys can be called Elli,” Bill joked.

 

“Well it’s a rubbish name for a dragon,” Charlie said.

 

“Coming from you, Charlie?” Bill retorted, “The guy who called his teddy bear, Teddy and his dragon, Drago.”

 

Aurora laughed from Charlie’s side, “Remind me never to let you name our kid if we ever get around to having an actual human kid rather than a brood of baby dragons.”

 

“Hey, I’m not that bad at naming things!” Charlie defended himself.

 

“What would you name our kid if we had one then?” Aurora asked.

 

“Uh…Charlie or Bill…or Arthur.”

 

“Good to know you love the rest of us, Char,” George joked as he clapped Charlie on the shoulder.

 

“And none of those are girls names,” Aurora added.

 

“Charlie is unisex!”

 

Bill barked out a laugh and said, “Shut up, Charlie. Just face it, you are never naming anything.”

 

Aurora nodded her agreement, and Daphne laughed. She looked down at Teddy and said, “Come on, sweetheart, you don’t normally act all shy when we come here.”

 

“I bet I can get him out of his shell,” Charlie said. He knelt in front of Teddy and said, “Do you like dragons, huh?”

 

Teddy nodded.

 

“Well I have loads of cool stories about dragons,” Charlie said, “I can tell you about the time I flew a Welsh Green or about the time I rode into battle on a Norwegian Ridgeback. Would you like that?”

 

Teddy perked up a little and nodded eagerly. He stepped away from Daphne and let Charlie pick him up. Daphne smiled and said, “Thanks Charlie,” as he sat Teddy on his knee and began to tell him stories.

 

Bill shook his head and caught Daphne’s eye, “He did not ride into battle on the back of a Norwegian ridgeback by the way. It was a small skirmish, and he was leading the dragon in, not riding it.”

 

Daphne laughed, “Well, it sounds more dramatic to a one-and-a-half-year-old if he says he rode it.”

 

“That boy and his tall tales,” Bill said with a grin, “How’s your weekend going?”

 

“Good,” Daphne replied, “Did you get your fence put up yesterday?”

 

“Yep, and I did not use magic like the wife asked, so she’s happy,” Bill said, he shot Fleur a grin.

 

“This is weird,” Hermione said as she looked between Bill and Daphne.

 

“How familiar those two are all of a sudden?” Harry asked, “Tell me about it.”

 

“Well we do spend all day together five days a week,” Daphne said.

 

“Like Neville and I, so I understand the bond,” Harry said as he glanced over at Teddy, “If he’s quite happy with Charlie I’ll take this chocolate cake into the kitchen for Molly.”

 

“I’ll go through and see if Mum wants a hand with anything,” Bill said.

 

Daphne wasn’t stupid; she knew the fact that they were both disappearing at the same time meant that they were going to talk about something. She could work out that the something was her, or her situation with Fawley more to the point.

 

She didn’t say anything though as she sat down in the chair and said, “So Draco, did you hear that Theo pissed Sadie off yesterday and ended up hanging upside down from a tree?”

 

Draco’s response was to positively cackle with laughter.

 

 

Harry dropped the cake off with Molly in the kitchen, and as he was about to head back into the living room, Bill stepped out.

 

“Oh Bill, I’m glad I caught you,” Harry said in an undertone, “I wanted to talk to you.”

 

“I was just coming out to say the same thing to you,” Bill admitted, “Let’s nip out into the garden.”

 

They stepped into the garden and shut the backdoor behind them.

 

“You go first, Harry.”

 

“I just wanted to thank you,” Harry said honestly, “For everything that you did for Daphne. You could have put her back in that cursed room or given her any old Curse Breaker as a mentor, but you didn’t, and she’s so grateful for that.”

 

Bill smiled, “You don’t have to thank me for doing my brotherly duty, Harry. You’re my little brother, the least I can do is keep your fiancé safe after everything she’s been through. I don’t mind mentoring her either though, she’s amazing already, and she’s only a trainee. That girl is going to be a fantastic Curse Breaker one day.”

 

Harry smiled proudly, “I know. She thinks you’re the best thing since sliced bread; she won’t shut up about you. Every night it’s Bill said this and Bill did that or Bill showed me this new way of working.”

 

Bill laughed, “That’s kind of what I wanted to talk to you about. I know when a man and a woman work together, there can be all sorts of tension there, and I just wanted to assure you that it’s completely platonic and always will be.”

 

“Oh, I know,” Harry said, “I trust you and Daphne completely, I know that nothing like that would ever happen. Anyway, look at your wife.”

 

Bill laughed, “I won’t tell your fiancé that you said that.”

 

Harry snorted, “Yeah don’t, I value my life, and obviously I prefer Daphne anyway. Fleur is too nice, and she’s also too French.”

 

“The too French I get,” Bill admitted, “But can a woman be too nice?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said, “I’m stubborn, and I’m hotheaded. I need someone who can be a bitch and tell me when I’m an arsehole, and Daphne does that. I’m also not going to lie; it’s really hot.”

 

Bill laughed, “See, I like the easy life. I try to avoid riling Fleur up at all costs.”

 

“Then I definitely don’t need to worry about you and Daphne having an affair,” Harry joked, “She goes looking for an argument half the time.”

 

Bill chuckled, “I just felt we ought to discuss it, so there was no unsaid tension between us about the situation. I wouldn’t want to do anything that would lose me your trust.”

 

Harry smiled, “And I appreciate that. I know how it can be when you work with someone day in and day out. You get to know them better than you know anyone else, even your own wife or fiancé or whatever.”

 

Bill nodded, “I told her that, you know? I told her that my philosophy was that we were the same as Auror partners. I know we don’t do what you do, but we’re on the frontline just like you.”

 

“I think you guys are just as valuable, if not more so than us,” Harry said honestly, “You guys are the geniuses who can look at a curse, turn it into code and decipher it. We’re the muscle; we’re the dispensable idiots that run into battle.”

 

“Every good army has indispensable geniuses and indispensable idiots Harry,” Bill said as he clapped his hand on Harry’s shoulder.

 

 

“Is Ron coming today?” Hermione asked Ginny conversationally.

 

“No, he’s working again,” Ginny replied, “He’s saving up everything he can to give Katie, for when she has the baby.”

 

“Well at least he’s treating her with respect,” Hermione said, “It’s too easy for the man to run off and have nothing to do with his kid these days.”

 

Daphne nodded, “If you aren’t married, then there’s basically no protection, and it’s a free-for-all if it comes down to a custody battle.”

 

“More and more people are choosing not to get married these days though Daphne,” Hermione said, “It’s been the same in the muggle world for a little while. The days of shotgun weddings are over.”

 

Ginny snorted, “You’re saying this to the person who just had a shotgun wedding?”

 

“You had your reasons,” Daphne said with a smile, “Where is Blaise?”

 

“Working on the house, like he does every spare minute he gets,” Ginny said with a roll of her eyes, “I see more of Blanche than him these days.”

 

Daphne tried not to smirk when she said, “Do you?”

 

Ginny shot her a warning look, “Yes, I do.”

 

At this point, Hermione decided a change of subject might be a good idea, “Oh, I meant to ask Gin, have you heard anything from Luna recently?”

 

“I spoke to her last week before she disappeared off to America,” Ginny said, “I asked when she would be back, and she said when the work was done.”

 

“I didn’t know that she was going to America,” Hermione said.

 

“Neither did I. What is she doing out there?” Daphne asked.

 

“Well it’s kind of an interesting story,” Ginny said, and the other two girls sensed that gossip was going to follow, “She left with her new boyfriend because he lives out there. Do you remember the guy she took to the memorial ball that none of us knew?”

 

Hermione and Daphne nodded.

 

“He’s her boyfriend, he’s five years older than her, and his name is Rolf Scamander,” Ginny said.

 

“Scamander…as in Newt Scamander?”

 

“Yep,” Ginny said, “Luna is dating his grandson.”

 

Hermione laughed, “Well, it’s Luna so that I can believe. What does he do in America?”

 

“He runs a sanctuary for magical creatures that are going extinct,” Ginny replied, “And he managed to convince Luna to go back there and work with him.”

 

“So she’s shacked up with the boss?” Daphne asked with a grin, “Saucy!”

 

Ginny snorted, “I doubt it’s like that, I don’t even know if she’ll get paid or if it’s a voluntary thing. Either way, this sanctuary is on an island near New York so she said that if any of us had ever wanted to see the states, we could go and visit her.”

 

“I have always wanted to go to New York,” Hermione admitted, “But I’ll wait until Luna invites me herself. I wonder how Rolf Scamander ended up living over there though? Doesn’t Newt live in the UK?”

 

“He’s lived all over the place from what I’ve heard,” Daphne said, “He went wherever there were magical creatures that needed discovering.”

 

Ginny shrugged, “I know nothing on the magical creatures front, but I do know that Rolf has family in New York because Luna told me.”

 

“Fair enough,” Hermione said with a smile, “It sounds exciting. I’ll look forward to talking to her about it when she next comes back.”

 

“If she ever comes back,” Daphne joked, “She’s found a sanctuary for rare magical creatures, we might never see her again!”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


“Oh my god.”

 

“What?” Daphne asked sharply.

 

“I…in…January…me…oh…fuck me.”

 

“What?” Daphne asked quickly, “Is something wrong? Is everyone okay?”

 

“I…uh, yeah,” Harry said, he was staring wide-eyed at a letter.

 

“What does that say?” Daphne asked. She snatched the letter from him in a panic. Her eyes skimmed it, and then she dropped it on the table, “Holy shit, Harry!”

 

“Yeah,” Harry said in disbelief.

 

“An order of Merlin!” Daphne said eagerly, “1st class!”

 

“For me,” Harry said with a shake of his head.

 

“Uh yeah,” Daphne said, she gave him a pointed look, “Killing an evil dark lord at the age of 17 is the kind of thing that will earn you that.”

 

Harry was still staring at the letter, “I’m going to get an order of Merlin.”

 

“1st class,” Daphne added.

 

The surprise began to wear off, “I’m going to get a bloody Order of Merlin. A 1st class Order of fucking Merlin. Daphne, I’m getting a bloody Order of Merlin!”

 

Daphne grinned and launched herself at him, “Yes, you are.”

 

Harry grinned into the hug, “I’m getting a bloody Order of Merlin!”

 

 

“Good morning, boys,” Harry said as he strutted onto the field with his broom.

 

“Someone got laid last night,” Theo joked.

 

“Oh, no,” Harry said with a shake of his head, “I’m just in a good mood because I got a nice little letter this morning.”

 

“A letter put you in a good mood?” Draco asked with a raised eyebrow, “What did it have it in it, money?”

 

“Nope,” Harry smirked, “Just the news that in January yours truly will be getting awarded an Order of Merlin…”

 

“What?”

 

“Holy fuck!”

 

“First class,” Harry said smugly.

 

Neville smiled slightly, “I would say that’s well deserved, congratulations.”

 

“Thank you,” Harry said importantly, “Thank you very much.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “You are so not going to shut up about this today.”

 

“Draco, can you just hex me so that I’m deaf for the rest of the day?” Theo remarked.

 

Harry grinned, but couldn’t brag any further because an order to get on their broomsticks and get in the bloody air, was barked at them.

 

 

“Why does the weekend always fly by so quickly?” Harry asked, “I hate that point on Sunday night when I have to take Teddy back to Andromeda’s then get my work bag ready…”

 

Neville patted him on the shoulder, “It will be better when you adopt him, at least he’ll be there in the evenings when you go home.”

 

“I know,” Harry said with a sigh.

 

“Do you want cheering up?” Draco asked. He slung his bag over his shoulder, and they began to walk towards their first class. Monday morning started with flying then a quick shower before the intellectual work began.

 

“I can cheer myself up by thinking about my Order of Merlin, 1st class. But cheer me up anyway,” Harry said.

 

Draco shook his head irritably, “We all get to spend the next week laughing at Theo for being strung up by his wife.”

 

“And not in an enjoyable way,” Neville added.

 

Theo glared at them both, “Oh fuck off!”

 

“What? Harry needed cheering up!” Neville said.

 

“Through slagging me off?” Theo huffed.

 

“You’re an easy target,” Draco said, “And look at his face. He looks like he’s being kicked in the face by a Hippogriff.”

 

Harry snorted, “Wrong choice of phrase, coming from the guy who was stupid enough to insult a Hippogriff.”

 

“And then fake a broken arm to make Pansy feel sorry for him,” Theo added.

 

“I knew you were faking it!” Harry exclaimed.

 

“What did you tell them that for, you prat?”

 

“You used my suffering to cheer Harry up!”

 

Harry shot Neville an amused look while the pair of them bickered, “Some things never change,” he said in an undertone as they slipped into the classroom.

 

Auror Carter was already waiting for them, so they all fell silent as they took their seats. She began to talk about disguises and how each situation had a perfect disguise. Half an hour in when it came to the discussion part of the class, Harry, Draco, Neville and Theo didn’t end up discussing disguises much.

 

“So Hermione didn’t want to say anything at the weekend, but the reason she was a bit down was because Crookshanks died on Friday,” Draco said while the others discussed what they were actually supposed to.

 

“I want to say that I’m sad about that, but I’ll be honest, I agreed with Ron,” Harry whispered, “He freaked me out.”

 

“And he was an ugly bastard,” Theo added.

 

“I know, I hated him too,” Draco said, “But Hermione was gutted, and she kept going on about how the house wouldn’t be the same without Crookshanks. I think I would prefer a house that doesn’t have a cat bringing dead shit into it, or puking on my expensive carpets but you know Hermione.”

 

“She does love cats,” Harry agreed, “Do you know what else she would love?”

 

“If you say anything about an Order of Merlin 1st class, I will fucking kill you,” Draco muttered under his breath.

 

“I was going to say kittens actually,” Harry said.

 

Draco narrowed his eyes at the Gryffindor, “I was just about to say that I’m thinking about buying her a kitten for her birthday.”

 

“But you hate cats,” Theo said, “You just said that yourself.”

 

“I know, but Hermione loves them, and I want to make her happy,” Draco said, he shrugged it off to try and look cool, but it didn’t work.

 

“Aww, that’s true love!” Neville joked, “You hate cats, but you’ll buy her one anyway.”

 

“I obviously don’t love Sadie because she keeps asking me for another cat and I keep telling her to piss off,” Theo said.

 

Harry snorted in amusement, “I’ve been thinking of buying a dog, Daph really wants one. I was going to buy her one for Christmas, but I don’t want to do that whole cliché, a dog is for life not for Christmas thing.”

 

“What are you talking about?”

 

“The advert,” Harry said, “You know, the charity advert? A dog is for life not just for Christmas.”

 

They all looked at him blankly.

 

“Never mind,” Harry said with a shake of his head.

 

“Well Lilly wants a pony, and I keep telling her that if her Dad never bought her one as a kid, then I’m not buying her one either,” Neville said.

 

“Wow, harsh Nev,” Theo said.

 

Draco nodded, “Really harsh.”

 

“But Theo telling Sadie to piss off isn’t harsh?” Harry countered.

 

“That’s a cat though,” Theo said, “Cats are bastards. Everyone knows that if a girl asks for a pony, you damn well buy her one.”

 

“Horses are great animals,” Draco agreed, “Huge part of pureblood culture, don’t you think Theo? When did we learn to ride?”

 

“We started when we were six,” Theo replied, “The girls learned earlier, though.”

 

“The girls learned to ride earlier?” Harry asked, raising an eyebrow at him.

 

“Horses, you filthy little half-blood,” Draco said with mock disgust.

 

Harry snorted in amusement.

 

“Very loyal animals,” Theo said thoughtfully.

 

“I really miss having a horse,” Draco mused.

 

“Yeah, that’s the only thing about living in London, isn’t it? No horses, no big open spaces to go for a ride or to hunt. Oh, do you remember that hunt the summer after third year?”

 

“Yes! That was-”

 

“Guys,” Harry sniggered, “Is this a thing? Love of horses and hunting?”

 

“It’s a pureblood thing, that’s why you two don’t get it,” Draco said pretentiously.

 

“I’m a pureblood,” Neville said slowly.

 

“But not a proper one, you’re like a kinda pureblood,” Harry said, “Like me.”

 

“Does anyone hear an annoying buzzing noise? Oh wait, it’s just the half-blood talking,” Theo joked.

 

“The half-blood killed Lord Voldemort, Recruit Nott,” Carter said, she seemed to have appeared out of nowhere, “You did not, nor did you Recruit Black. Now, how is your discussion about disguises going?”

 

“Great,” Harry said eagerly, “We were talking about different animal disguises like horses or cats.”

 

“But Theo said you should never disguise yourself as a cat because cats are bastards,” Neville added.

 

Carter raised an eyebrow at Theo, “Is that your opinion Recruit Nott? That’s interesting…”

 

Before Theo could ask Carter why that was interesting, she had transformed into a cat before his very eyes.

 

“Her Animagus form is a cat, I checked our Auror trainers when we registered ourselves last week,” Neville said with a smirk.

 

“Oh…fuck,” Theo said, he let his head fall onto the desk with a loud thump.

 

 

“Why does Neville look like he’s just won an order of Merlin?”

 

“I don’t know but do you know an interesting fact about the order of Merlin?” Harry asked matter of factly.

 

“Shut up Potter.”

 

“I’m going to be getting one in January,” Harry continued, “Did I mention that?”

 

“Did you mention that you’re getting an order of Merlin 1st class?” Theo asked sarcastically, “Do you know what? I don’t think you have mentioned that at all this morning.”

 

“Really?” Harry asked in faux-surprise, “Because it’s for valour Theo. Valour like a knight.”

 

Theo and Draco both glared at him as they all walked into their Herbology lab. They were all standing in a big group while they waited for the Senior Auror who would be teaching this class to arrive, so Harry started talking to Blanche and Ophelia.

 

“Did you hear my great news this morning, girls?”

 

“What news is that?” Ophelia asked politely.

 

“I’ll be getting awarded an Order of Merlin in January,” Harry said humbly, “1st class.”

 

“Oh for Merlin’s sake, shut up!” Theo said.

 

“He won’t bloody shut up about it,” Draco said to Blanche through gritted teeth.

 

“Do you realise that he’s just doing it because of your reaction?” Blanche said quietly, “If you didn’t react, then he would shut up about it.”

 

“Shit, we’re so stupid Draco.”

 

“Speak for yourself, Theo,” Draco muttered as he elbowed Theo in the ribs.

 

Before they could argue any further, a pretty redheaded woman in Auror robes stepped into the room. She had blue eyes and a kind smile, “Good morning, recruits. I’m Senior Auror Brown, and I will be observing you in Herbology lab. My main goal over the next year is to teach you all the dangerous plants from the safe plants. I also want to educate you a little on harvesting your own potions ingredients.”

 

She did a brief outline of the course then she gave all of the pairs a chart and asked them to identify the safe plants from the dangerous ones as a little test to see how much they needed to learn.

 

“Do you know any of these?” Neville asked Harry, “Because I know them all, but I want to see how incompetent you are.”

 

“Pretty incompetent,” Harry admitted, “Wolfsbane is poisonous if you eat it as it is, isn’t it?”

 

“Yeah Harry, it’s really poisonous,” Neville said with a shake of his head, “Thank Merlin, you have me to keep you alive.”

 

Harry smiled sheepishly, “Yeah, I’m really grateful for that. I saw the look on your face when Auror Brown walked in by the way.”

 

“What look would that be?” Neville asked.

 

“The, I think she’s hot, look,” Harry said pointedly, “The look I apparently gave Keller.”

 

Neville snorted, “The look you definitely gave Keller.”

 

“Well, you totally gave Brown the same look,” Harry said, “And you like redheads.”

 

“Lilly is a brunette,” Neville reminded him.

 

“But Susan is a redhead,” Harry whispered, “Susan, who you had a wild, sexy fling with.”

 

Neville’s cheeks coloured. Harry continued, “And Ginny, who you had hot up against the wall sex with in the Hogs Head.”

 

“Look, I don’t want to think about that, alright? Just tell me if Moly is safe to eat or not.”

 

“Uh…not?”

 

Neville sighed, “Wrong, it actually counteracts certain enchantments when ingested. You need to brush up on this stuff.”

 

“I promise to read “One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi” extensively if you admit that you think Auror Brown is hot and that you secretly have a thing for redheads,” Harry bargained.

 

Neville rolled his eyes but didn’t look up from the sheet that he was filling in, “Lilly is a natural redhead, alright? She dyes her hair because people bullied her for it when she was younger.”

 

“So yes then,” Harry said.

 

“Yeah, she’s pretty hot, and yes, I like redheads,” Neville admitted irritably.

 

“My apologies Recruit Longbottom, but you are far too young for me, and I don’t think my husband would be much pleased.”

 

“Oh for the love of Merlin,” Neville said, he buried his head in his heads.

 

Harry sniggered.

 

“How are you two getting on?” Auror Brown asked with an amused smile.

 

“Well, according to Neville, it’s a good thing that I have him because otherwise, I would die,” Harry said matter of factly.

 

“I’m sure you’re not that clueless Recruit Potter,” Brown said kindly, “Could you tell me whether Devil’s snare is safe?”

 

“If you know how to get it to release you, then I suppose it’s safe enough,” Harry replied, “It hates the light.”

 

Brown smiled, “See? I have no idea what Recruit Longbottom was talking about.”

 

As Brown walked away, Neville glared at him, “You do realise that if she had asked you about any other plant on this list, you would have had no bloody clue, right?”

 

Harry grinned and patted Neville on the back, “I’m a lucky guy.”

 

 

If Harry was honest, he wasn’t sure what to expect when he stepped into his last class of the day. He wasn’t sure what Mind Magic was going to be about, but he didn’t expect to see a room that reminded him of Professor Trelawney’s Divination classroom.

 

There were no seats or desks, just beanbags, cushions and scented candles.

 

“Good afternoon, recruits.”

 

Harry jumped and looked around for the source of the voice. It had come from a woman who was sitting cross-legged in the centre of the room. She had tanned skin, dark hair and deep brown eyes.

 

“I am Senior Auror Emmagen, and I will be teaching you how to open your mind to new possibilities,” She said.

 

“Sadie does that all the time,” Theo whispered to Draco.

 

The blond man sniggered and tried to cover it up with a cough.

 

“I would ask you all to get comfortable on the floor,” Emmagen said.

 

Harry was already wary, but he did so. He had to try not to laugh at Neville as the taller man tried to get comfortable on a tiny cushion, he could barely even cross his legs comfortably.

 

Emmagen sighed deeply, “Now, close your eyes and clear your mind. I want you to focus on your Auror partner and nothing else; I want you to try and communicate with them.”

 

Harry would have raised an eyebrow if he could have done. He shut his eyes and tried his best to clear his mind, then he focused on trying to communicate with Neville, but nothing happened.

 

“Recruits Black and Nott,” Emmagen said calmly, “I am delighted that you find mental communication so straightforward. However, I do not want to hear about your weekend plans, and I do not tolerate that sort of language in this class.”

 

Harry snorted in amusement, and he could feel Neville shaking with silent laughter next to him.

 

“Everyone else must clear their mind,” Emmagen continued.

 

This went on in a similar vein for the remainder of the class; Harry was glad that it was only half an hour long. Draco and Theo were told off several times for what Emmagen called their inappropriate mental communication.

 

Towards the very end of the class, Harry and Neville finally managed to communicate but not in the way that either of them wanted to.

 

“Ugh, Neville!” Harry exclaimed as his eyes flew open, “You’re supposed to be clearing your mind, not thinking about your girlfriend! How am I supposed to look Lilly in the eye after that? Merlin’s sake!”

 

Neville’s cheeks went bright red, “I’m sorry, I just thought about her for a second. I couldn’t help it!”

 

Draco and Theo looked like they were going to wet themselves as they roared with laughter on the other side of the room.

 

 

“So, Neville told me something interesting when I nipped over to drop off Lilly’s birthday present,” Daphne said matter of factly as she stepped into the drawing-room where Harry was reading “One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi.”

 

Harry frowned up at her, “Did he?”

 

“Yes,” Daphne said, “He said that you have a hot Healer at training called Keller. He told me that she’s blonde and very attractive and that you fancy her.”

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “He only told you that because I pissed him off yesterday.”

 

“Is it true, though?” Daphne asked.

 

“There is a Healer called Keller who works in the hospital wing,” Harry agreed, “And she’s attractive yes, but that’s all there is to it.”

 

“Really?”

 

“Really,” Harry said, “You aren’t seriously getting jealous about this, are you?”

 

“You’re the chosen one, you’re getting an Order of Merlin,” Daphne reminded him, “You can have anyone that you want so yes, I feel a little threatened.”

 

“You feel threatened?” Harry asked in disbelief, “I’m not the one who works with Bill, the best Curse Breaker in 20 years, Weasley! Nobody I work with has long hair, tattoos and piercings. Nobody at my work is a bad arse in dragon hide trousers, Daphne! You should not be the one who feels threatened.”

 

“I told you, Harry, there is nothing like that between Bill and I,” Daphne said irritably.

 

“Yeah and I told you, I love you and only you,” Harry said shortly, “I’m not going to run off with anyone else just because I’m the chosen one. You’re the hot one in this relationship, not me.”

 

“Don’t try to flatter me.”

 

“I’m not!” Harry exclaimed, “It’s the truth! I’m not going to leave you to shag one of my Senior Aurors, am I?”

 

“I don’t know, are you?”

 

“Fucking Neville,” Harry muttered, “Just because he can’t take a joke when it’s aimed in his bloody direction. No, I’m not going to shag anyone apart from you ever, okay? Even if you die, I will never sleep with anyone else. I’ll abstain for the rest of my miserable, sexless life.”

 

“That’s taking it a bit far,” Daphne said with a raised eyebrow.

 

“Is it? Or would you haunt me if I moved on?”

 

“Well,” Daphne said slowly, “That would depend on who you moved on with…”

 

“See? It’s just easier to never have sex again,” Harry said as he gave her a pointed look.

 

Daphne sighed, “Okay, I might have been a little touchy about that.”

 

“A little?” Harry retorted.

 

“Or a lot,” Daphne mumbled sheepishly, “But as hard as it is for you to believe, I’m still not convinced I’m good enough for you.”

 

“You talk so much rubbish sometimes,” Harry said, he cocked his head at her, “Do you know that?”

 

“I mean it, Harry,” Daphne said, “You were supposed to marry Ginny. You were supposed to be the perfect golden couple.”

 

“Fuck that,” Harry said, “I don’t care what I was supposed to do. I don’t care what the world wanted me to do. I care about what I want to do, and that is be with you, until the day I die.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “That’s cheesy.”

 

“I don’t care,” Harry said.

 

Daphne smiled, “Sorry for riling you up.”

 

Harry fixed her with an amused look, “No, you aren’t.”

 

“You’re right,” Daphne admitted as she bit her lip, “I’m not.”

 

Harry smiled knowingly at her.

 

“And you can shag other people you know,” Daphne teased, “As long as I’m there.”

 

“You have no idea where my mind is running to right now…”

 

“I think I could guess.”

 

 

“Coffee and a bagel?”

 

“Don’t mind if I do,” Bill chirped, “How are you this morning? You seem awfully chipper.”

 

“Harry and I argued last night,” Daphne said.

 

“From what Harry tells me about your relationship, that translates into; you had kinky sex last night.”

 

Daphne snorted, “Maybe. Do we have any work to do this morning?”

 

“Nice change of the subject there Daph,” Bill grinned.

 

“It’s a valid question since this is my place of work,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“We do have a case, but I’m not going to tell you about it until you tell me why you and Harry argued last night,” Bill said.

 

“It was kind of my fault,” Daphne admitted, “I got jealous about this hot Healer that he works with. Then he said that I wasn’t the one who should feel threatened because he wasn’t the one who worked with, and I quote, Bill, the best Cursebreaker in 20 years, Weasley with his long hair, tattoos, piercings and dragon hide trousers.”

 

Bill raised an eyebrow at her, “Wow, I never knew Harry felt that way about me. I better tell him that I’m not that way inclined, and I’ve not worn those trousers in years!”

 

Daphne laughed, “We all know that the idea of him feeling threatened by you is ridiculous. I think he just brought it up to win the argument, so please slag him off for it on Sunday.”

 

“Oh, you don’t even have to ask,” Bill grinned, “Now this case is a horrific one. You are welcome to take the lead because I might run away halfway through.”

 

Daphne looked at him in disbelief, “I find it hard to believe that you’re scared of anything.”

 

“Well this case involves a cursed doll,” Bill said, “Apparently it talks, moves on its own and tries to kill people. I just can’t deal with that to be honest with you Daphne.”

 

She raised an eyebrow at him, “You are the guy who has broken ancient, terrifying Egyptian curses Bill, and you’re scared of a doll?”

 

“Wait until you see this bloody thing,” Bill muttered as he slid the case file over to her, “You won’t sleep for weeks.”

 

Daphne flipped the file open and shrugged, “It’s a doll. What’s the big deal?”

 

Bill shuddered and said, “You’re a stronger person than me Daphne. You have just earned your first lead on a case. I’ll do whatever you say.”

 

Daphne shot him a knowing look as they headed out into the corridor, “I didn’t earn anything. You’re only giving me the lead because you’re shitting yourself about this doll.”

 

“You might say that, but I couldn’t possibly comment,” Bill said cryptically as the office door shut behind them.

 

 

When Wednesday afternoon rolled around, Neville was excited to see Lilly again. Harry didn’t joke about it this time things had been a little bit frosty between himself and Neville all day. They didn’t discuss the reason because they both knew that Harry was pissed off about the fact Neville had told Daphne about Keller. Even Draco and Theo could tell that something was up, but neither of them had asked what it was yet.

 

So when they were told to practise their suturing skills in their Healing class, Harry decided to get revenge.

 

“Hey boys, how are you?”

 

Neville smiled, “Good, how is France?”

                                                                                                          

Lilly shrugged, “I still don’t like it much. What have you been up to this week?”

 

“Apart from admiring hot Aurors?” Harry joked.

 

Neville had been waiting for Harry to drop that one in and when he did, he glared at him.

 

Lilly frowned, “Which one of you?”

 

“Neville has a thing for the Auror who teaches Herbology lab, eh Neville?”

 

“She’s pretty; that’s all I said,” Neville said quickly, “Don’t worry about it, Lil.”

 

“Don’t worry about it?” Lilly asked angrily, “You had a fling with Susan during the war, then you left her when you realised that Hannah liked you. Then you cheated on Hannah with Susan, but I don’t need to worry about it? You’re right; it’s not like you have a thing about cutting your losses and moving on when something better comes along!”

 

She stalked away before Neville could defend himself any further. Neville glared at Harry, “If you had ever thought to ask, Lilly is self-conscious about my dating history.”

 

Harry had to admit, he felt a little bit bad about that, “Well, you had it coming. You had no reason to tell Daphne about Keller, and I got questioned like I had done something wrong when she came in last night!”

 

“That was so bloody petty of you,” Neville retorted.

 

“And you telling Daphne wasn’t?”

 

“Is there a problem here, boys?” Keller asked as she appeared behind them.

 

“No,” Harry and Neville said in unison, both of them rather passive-aggressively.

 

Keller raised an eyebrow, “Are you sure?”

 

“Yes, ma’am,” Harry said, “We’re just having a minor disagreement.”

 

Keller didn’t look convinced, but she walked away anyway.

 

“How was I supposed to know that Lilly got touchy about you and other people anyway?” Harry asked irritably.

 

“How was I supposed to know that Daphne would be bothered about you finding Keller hot?” Neville countered.

 

“Because she’s Daphne Greengrass,” Harry said slowly, “Who once said in public that if I kept looking at a girl in a certain way she would castrate me and feed my genitals to the giant squid.”

 

Neville grimaced, “Yeah…”

 

“I know you remember it because you told her that the giant squid only eats sea creatures so her efforts would be pointless,” Harry said before Neville could say anymore.

 

Neville sighed, “I know…I shouldn’t have said anything, I’m sorry.”

 

“I shouldn’t have said something to Lilly just because I was annoyed with you,” Harry admitted sheepishly, “That was bitchy and…I’m sorry.”

 

“She doesn’t think she’s good enough for me,” Neville admitted, he looked over at Lilly, “She thinks I’m going to run off and leave her as soon as someone better comes along. I tried to explain that’s not what I did with Susan and Hannah, but she didn’t seem to believe me.”

 

“Would you let me talk to her for you?” Harry asked, “It’s my fault she’s angry with you in the first place.”

 

“Try if you want,” Neville said, “But you know Lilly, she’s stubborn.”

 

“I’ve managed to get through to her before,” Harry pointed out.

 

“Is Daphne still pissed off with you?”

 

“No, I managed to earn her forgiveness with an impassioned speech,” Harry said, “I suppose I’ll need one of them in January, you know for when I get my Order of Merlin?”

 

“That’s the first time you haven’t added in that it’s a 1st Class one,” Neville said with a pointed look, “You’re getting humbler.”

 

Harry laughed and said, “I’m going to pretend to need help so that I can speak to Lilly alone.”

 

 

“I need help with my suturing.”

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow at him, “I know you do, but you could have waited for me to come over to tell me that.”

 

“Nah,” Harry said, “I couldn’t. I shouldn’t have said that about Neville finding that Auror attractive. I only did it because Neville told Daphne that I found Keller hot.”

 

“Wow, that’s petty of you.”

 

“I know,” Harry sighed, “And I had no idea you felt the way you did about what happened between Susan and Hannah.”

 

“Oh, don’t even start me on that,” Lilly muttered.

 

“It wasn’t like that Lil, you know Neville isn’t that kind of guy,” Harry said quietly.

 

“I know,” Lilly admitted sheepishly, “But you weren’t there during the war, Harry. He was brilliant in the Room of Requirement but he kind of lost himself a bit too. He flirted with Susan, he flirted with Hannah, he shagged Ginny, and I was there through all of it, watching my best friend and thinking what the hell is happening to him?”

 

Harry sighed, “I can understand why that would leave you a bit worried, but you have to remember that we all did things back then that we regret. That doesn’t just mean killing people or hurting people physically.”

 

Lilly sighed.

 

“Some relationships work in a war zone but not in real life,” Harry said quietly, “Like Hermione and I. You know, at the time I thought I loved her but the things you feel in a war, they aren’t always your true feelings. Sometimes they are just things you interpret wrong because you’re cooped up in a tent, or trapped in a school.”

 

“I get that,” Lilly said genuinely, “But he went back to Susan once. He fell back on familiarity then, and he nearly did it with Hannah when we were on a break, so what makes you think that he won’t do it again?”

 

“He would never have gone back to Hannah. She kissed him, he pulled away then Daphne escorted her from the house, violently,” Harry pointed out with a smile, “And yes, he went back to Susan once, but things are different now. She’s happy with Percy, and he loves you. I think he’s always loved you; he just couldn’t see it even when it was right in front of him for years.”

 

“Jeez, are you this cheesy with Daphne?”

 

“Yeah, she frequently tells me that she’s going to vomit while I’m in the middle of an impassioned speech about my love for her,” Harry admitted with a grin.

 

Lilly snorted and glanced over at Neville, “He looks like a slapped puppy.”

 

“He hates arguing with you.”

 

She reluctantly sighed, “I’ll go over and talk to him. You just stay here and practice on that dummy for a few minutes, okay? Look busy.”

 

“Yes boss,” Harry joked.

 

 

“So your best friend presented your case rather well.”

 

Neville looked up in surprise, “Did he?”

 

Lilly nodded, “Yeah, and I’m sorry for holding things you did in the war against you. We weren’t together; I thought it was pretty apparent that I was in love with you, but that doesn’t mean you did.”

 

Neville smiled sheepishly, “I was a clueless idiot.”

 

“You were,” Lilly agreed.

 

“Are you doing that thing where you apologise for flying off the handle without actually saying the words, I’m sorry?”

 

“Maybe,” Lilly said sheepishly, “But it’s a good thing that you have Harry. He’s better at talking about your feelings than you are.”

 

Neville chuckled, “You joke, but that’s pretty accurate.”

 

“I know,” Lilly said with a smile, “Anyway, practice your suturing a bit more, that’s awful. I’d get complaints if you sowed someone up like that in the field.”

 

Neville laughed and did a mock salute, “Yes, ma’am.”

 

Lilly smirked at him, “You can save that for the bedroom, Recruit Longbottom,” she said as she stalked away.

 

 

“Ooh, who knew miss au naturel dyes her hair!”

 

Lilly jumped, “What? How did you know that?”

 

“Because your roots were just starting to come in yesterday and now they are gone,” Savannah said in her thick American accent.

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Yes, I dye my hair, but that doesn’t mean I want a makeover, Anna.”

 

“What’s your natural colour?” Lucille asked curiously.

 

Lilly sighed, “Red,” she admitted.

 

Savannah, who had dark red hair, raised an eyebrow at her, “And what is wrong with that, missy?”

 

“I got bullied for it in school,” Lilly admitted, “I was a muggle-born and a geek, so I was already unpopular. They all referred to me as the nerdy ginger one so when I went home for summer, I dyed my hair. Then when I was in fourth year, I learned how to use transfiguration to alter my hair colour.”

 

“You know Lilly, you are beautiful, but I think you would look great with your natural colour,” Lucille said.

 

Savannah nodded, “Can we just do a quick charm to see how it would look?”

 

Lilly grimaced, “Do we have to? I haven’t seen my natural hair colour in years.”

 

“Please Lilly,” Lucille said, “I’m curious.”

 

She groaned, “Fine, but you had better put it back to normal afterwards!”

 

Savannah grinned, “Close your eyes.”

 

“I don’t like this,” Lilly complained, but she still shut her eyes.

 

Savannah said, “Crinus Muto!”

 

“Wow Lilly, you look great!” Lucille said eagerly.

 

“You look hot,” Savannah agreed, “Open your eyes and look for yourself.”

 

Lilly opened her eyes nervously but was taken aback when she saw her reflection in the mirror. Her natural hair colour was a dark, auburn red, and it complimented her blue eyes far better than it had down pre-puberty.

 

“See!” Savannah said, “I told you that you would look good! You should leave it like that.”

 

“Oh…I don’t know,” Lilly said, she bit her lip and stared at her reflection, “Neville might not like it.”

 

“Oh, who cares? It’s your hair,” Lucille said offhandedly, “And you’re angry at Neville anyway, so why should you care?”

 

“I’m not angry at him,” Lilly said, “We made up, he just pissed me off a little bit.”

 

“Well, you show him then!” Savannah said, “Leave it until the weekend and see what he says.”

 

“If he’s like any guy that I’ve ever dated, he won’t even notice,” Lucille joked.

 

Savannah laughed, “And if he hates it, then you can always change it back.”

 

“Or break up with him,” Lucille joked.

 

Lilly laughed nervously, “Wow…well, this is going to take a bit of adjustment…”

 

“It will be covered up by a cap in surgery all day every day,” Savannah joked, “You’ll forget that you even have hair.”

 

Lilly laughed, “That’s true. Has Marcel stopped bothering you, by the way, Lucy?”

 

Lucille nodded, “I spoke to Joan about him, and she put a stop to it. I think he’s finally getting the message.”

 

“He’s been fine with me all week,” Lilly said, “But Neville still wants to try and scare him when he comes to visit at the weekend.”

 

“Oh, let him, Lil,” Savannah begged, “Please.”

 

Lucille nodded, “Please let him. Marcel is so horrid.”

 

Lilly laughed and said, “Don’t worry, I told him that he could mess with Marcel if he wanted to. He is a complete arsehole.”

 

 

“You don’t want me to go up there with you, do you?”

 

Daphne shot Bill an exasperated look, “Yes Bill; I do because if the cursed doll is up there and it does try to kill every person that it sees, then I would like a bit of back-up.”

 

“It won’t be in the attic though, that’s too cliché,” Bill said.

 

“Well we’ve searched every other corner of this godforsaken ruin,” Daphne said irritably, “So if it is here then it’s going to be in the attic like I said it was at 10 am yesterday and now here we are nearly 30 hours later, and we still haven’t searched the attic.”

 

“Right,” Bill said, he swallowed and nodded, “I’ll be the light guy, you do the searching.”

 

Daphne shook her head in disbelief, for a guy who was dubbed as the best Curse Breaker Gringotts had seen for two decades, Bill could be a real pussy sometimes. They stepped into the attic, which was cold, draughty and dingy.

 

The light from Bill’s wand illuminated the space, but there was a lot of junk to sort through. Daphne began to levitate things while Bill stayed as close to the attic hatch as he could.

 

After a few minutes, they found the doll. Daphne had moved a sizeable rotting piece of cloth and underneath it, was the slightly creepy doll. It only had one eye left, and it just looked old and not very well looked after.

 

When the doll was freed from the cloth, it focused on them with its one eye and smiled, “I’m Bella. What’s your name?”

 

“I’m Daphne, and this is my partner, Bill,” Daphne replied.

 

The doll’s smile widened, “I’m going to kill you, Bill.”

 

Bill screamed, like a girl, and fell through the attic hatch. Daphne rolled her eyes and pointed her wand at the doll, “Priori Incantatem.”

 

The doll froze, “Lumos.”

 

Bill groaned on the stairs below.

 

“Can you get your pathetic arse up here, please? I could do with some light so that I can break this curse,” Daphne called downwards.

 

“Sorry,” Bill said as he re-entered the room.

 

“You know my fiancé, Harry Potter, the guy who killed Lord Voldemort?” Daphne asked Bill with a raised eyebrow.

 

“You’re going to tell me that he’s cooler than me because he’s not scared of dolls, aren’t you?”

 

“I was going to say, he’s far more bad-ass than you because he’s not scared of anything, but close enough,” Daphne shrugged.

 

“Fair play, I’m not as cool as Harry, I can accept that,” Bill said modestly, “Thank Merlin, you made it stop talking.”

 

Daphne cast a diagnostic charm on the doll and shot Bill an amused look.

 

Bill grimaced, “I feel a little embarrassed right now.”

 

Daphne snorted, “That’s a schoolboy curse Bill, I mean seriously. I could have broken that in fourth year.”

 

“It’s a prank curse, isn’t it?”

 

“Yep,” Daphne grinned, she waved her wand, and the doll burst into flames. Within a few seconds, it was a pile of ashes.

 

“Okay I’ll be honest, I’m embarrassed right now,” Bill admitted while Daphne laughed heartily at him.

 

 

When Harry got home from work on Thursday night and saw Daphne hunched over the kitchen table, his first thought was to panic. When he saw her sitting like that, he began to worry that something had happened with Fawley.

 

“Are you okay, babe?”

 

Daphne looked up with bleary eyes, “I’m fine, I’ve just spent the last half hour going over this contract. The owl must have dropped it on the porch while we were at work.”

 

“The adoption contract?” Harry asked in surprise, “This soon?”

 

Daphne nodded, “I know, it’s sooner than I was expecting too. The paperwork will take a long time to go through though, even after we all agree to the adoption.”

 

Harry sat down next to her, “What does it say?”

 

“It’s all very legal and cryptic, but it’s the terms and conditions of us adopting Teddy,” Daphne said honestly, “It’s an open adoption which means Andromeda can see him as much as she wants and can also demand to have him back at any point.”

 

“Not that she would,” Harry said.

 

“I know,” Daphne said, she rubbed her eyes, “It also says that there are conditions which mean Teddy can be forcibly taken from us and given back to Andromeda. Things like abuse, neglect, etc.”

 

“So nothing we need to worry about,” Harry said with a nod, “Does it say anything else important?”

 

“Just that when Teddy is officially adopted he is our financial responsibility and that we shouldn’t expect any allowance from Andromeda,” Daphne said, “It also says that if our circumstances change and we are unable to raise Teddy due to lack of funds, then he can be taken from us.”

 

“Lovely.”

 

“Andromeda didn’t write it, Harry,” Daphne said, “I expect she has an excellent family solicitor who will want to make sure that every box is crossed and that there are no loopholes.”

 

“I know,” Harry said, “But the thought of anyone thinking we would hurt Teddy is awful.”

 

“It’s a standard adoption contract, don’t take it personally,” Daphne said, she placed her hand on his, “I can’t find any hidden conditions, but I’m not an expert when it comes to legal documents. If you want to be certain, then we should give it to Hermione to look over.”

 

Harry nodded, “When does this need to be signed and sent back?”

 

“Within 30 days of us receiving it,” Daphne replied.

 

“That’s fine, I’ll ask Hermione to look at it over the weekend,” Harry said, “I don’t know Andromeda’s family solicitor so-”

 

“You don’t trust him,” Daphne finished, “I know, you don’t trust someone until you know them, I know what you’re like.”

 

Harry nodded, “I’m sorry.”

 

“In this case, it doesn’t bother me,” Daphne admitted, she squeezed his hand, “I want to be sure that it’s watertight too.”

 

“It makes it feel real though,” Harry said as he looked at the front cover of the contract, “Looking at that.”

 

Daphne looked down and nodded. The front cover said;

 

Preliminary Contract for the Adoption of Edward Lupin to Mr Harry James Potter and Miss Daphne Lareina Greengrass.

 

“It makes it feel very real,” She agreed.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“I’m not looking forward to this as much as I was last week,” Harry mumbled to Neville while they walked towards the simulation room on Friday afternoon.

 

“Neither am I,” Neville admitted, “I didn’t realise it was going to be as tough as that so early on. I thought we’d get to have a bit of fun with it at first.”

 

Harry nodded, “I know, and that’s just the first room. The situations are going to get tougher every time we move up.”

 

“It makes you wonder what’s going to be in the next room,” Neville said quietly.

 

They reached the waiting room and fell silent. Sheppard was already waiting for them, and all of the other pairs were gathered there.

 

“Good afternoon recruits,” Sheppard said, “Last week we threw you in at the deep end with a pretty brutal dragon attack. We like to do that here; we don’t believe in giving you an easy start or easing you into something because that’s not what being an Auror is about. You don’t get to ease yourself into a tough case; you get chucked in at the deep end with at least one dead body to contend with.”

 

Harry could completely understand Sheppard’s point of view. Next to him, Neville nodded thoughtfully.

 

“So today we’re going to give you a slightly more mediocre situation to deal with,” Sheppard continued, “Yes dragon attacks happen, and when they do, they are horrible. However, we are aware that they are a once in a decade occurrence. Today’s situation is more of a common every-day occurrence. Can anyone guess what it is?”

 

Blanche raised her hand, “Murder?”

 

Sheppard nodded, “Murder. I can guarantee that when you are working as an Auror, you will have a murder every couple of days at the least. Witches and wizards think they can get away with anything because of magic, including murder, but it’s our job to show them that they can’t.”

 

There were nods all around.

 

“When you guys go into the simulation room today, you are going to be thrown into a little corner of London where a serial killer has been on the loose. I want all of you to work together to catch the murderer, as always we will be monitoring you. Are you ready?” Sheppard asked.

 

Everyone nodded or said, “Yes,” so Sheppard opened the door to the simulation room. They all filtered in and took in their surroundings. They were in some sort of office; it looked like it had been converted so that they could use it as a bullpen to work from.

 

Neville looked out of the window, “Oh, we’re in Hackney; this is where Lilly is from.”

 

“That means at least one of us knows the lay of the land,” Draco said, “That’s good.”

 

“I know London pretty well too,” Maxwell piped up, “I grew up in Enfield, but I used to roam the streets a lot.”

 

“Good,” Harry agreed, “The fact you two know the lay of the land will save us time. Is everyone okay if I write the case facts up on this board?”

 

Nobody argued, so Harry got to work writing out the facts of the case and sticking up the photographs that were in the case file. When he was finished, he said, “Okay guys, let me do a quick brief. There have been three murders in the last two weeks; they all happened in this little corner of London. Jessica Parsons was the first victim; she was found outside the pub just below our makeshift office. Georgia Reynolds was the second victim, she was found in the pub toilets. Kelsea Hawes was the third victim, and she was found in the alley behind the pub.”

 

“So the pub is our instant connection,” Draco realised, “And the victims are also all blonde.”

 

“With blue eyes,” Theo added.

 

“So our serial killer has a type,” Ophelia said.

 

“Were any of them sexually assaulted before they were killed?” Blanche asked.

 

“All of them were sexually assaulted,” Harry said as he glanced down at the case file, “After they were killed.”

 

“Ugh,” Emily said, “This guy is a creep.”

 

“That’s disgusting,” Maxwell agreed, “What age were the victims?”

 

“Jessica and Kelsea were both 17 and Georgia was a few days away from her 17th birthday,” Harry replied, “All three girls lived here in Hackney, and all three were Muggles.”

 

“How were they killed?” Draco asked.

 

“The Muggle medical examiner said the cause of death was a heart attack in all cases,” Harry said, “She concluded that all three victims had died of fear, in other words, had become so terrified that they had a heart attack.”

 

“So it was the killing curse then,” Ophelia said.

 

Harry nodded, “The wizarding medical examiner found traces of the magic emitted when the killing curse is cast. He also found signs that magic had been used to bind the hands and feet, but that healing charms had been used to cover it up.”

 

“Were they kept captive before he killed them then?” Blanche asked.

 

“In all cases, the victim was found around 24 hours after they had last been seen,” Harry said with a nod, “And if the timeline in this file is right, he’s got a new victim at the moment. I would say she probably has about an hour to live.”

 

“So arses in gear then,” Maxwell said with a nod, “What are we doing, boss?”

 

Harry looked up in surprise, “I’m not automatically the boss Max. Someone else can take the lead on this one if they want?”

 

Theo tentatively raised his hand, “I think this case requires a lot of logistics. I’m quite good at putting people in the place where they will perform best so I think I would be a good leader on this one.”

 

Harry smiled and stepped away from the board, “Take it away then.”

 

Theo looked a little nervous. Draco smiled at his best friend, “Don’t look so worried. You lead our rebellion during the war; we were lost without you when you got captured.”

 

At this, Theo smiled genuinely and stepped up in front of the group, “We have limited time to find this guy, so I think our best option is to split up and make the most of the amount of people we have here. These kinds of guys don’t tend to live or work far from the place they dump their bodies. They tend to hide in plain sight, so I think one line of enquiry that we have to follow is the employees at the pub. The other line is the buildings near the pub, particularly any apartment blocks that might have a basement or any empty buildings in general.”

 

“It’s Hackney Theo, there are a lot of empty buildings,” Neville said.

 

“In that case, let’s focus on those in the immediate vicinity of the pub. He isn’t going to try and carry a body any further than he needs to,” Theo said, “Blanche and Ophelia, I would say you two are the most resourceful when it comes to paperwork and probably the fastest too. Would you stay here and try to work out if any of the employees at the pub live nearby or have a connection to any of the buildings surrounding the pub?”

 

Blanche and Ophelia both nodded.

 

“Harry and Nev, you guys are probably going to be at your best searching the empty buildings,” Theo said, “You’ll make quick work of it, and you are probably also best equipped to deal with this guy if you come across him.”

 

“Alright,” Harry said while Neville nodded.

 

“Max and Emily, I think you guys should do a thorough search of the pub and the area above it,” Theo said, “This room can’t be the only office above the pub, and you never know if something might have been missed.”

 

Maxwell and Emily both nodded and accepted their orders.

 

“What are we doing then Theo?” Draco asked.

 

“We’ll help Harry and Nev search the empty buildings,” Theo said, “With four of us, we have a better chance of finding him before he can kill anyone else.”

 

“Alright, are we moving out then?” Harry asked.

 

“Not quite yet,” Theo said, “There’s no point spreading out unless we can communicate with each other. Is everyone familiar with the Patronus spell that’s used for communicating?”

 

Everyone nodded apart from Harry; he didn’t want to look like an idiot, so he stayed silent. Theo explained it quickly, anyway, “Great. Just cast a Patronus charm, catch your Patronus, shrink it and put it in your ear. Every time you say, “Patroni”, everyone in the group will hear you.”

 

Harry shot Neville an impressed look while they all cast their Patronus charms, “Theo is pretty good at this.”

 

“Just watch out, at this rate he’s going to make you look bad,” Neville joked.

 

 

Draco and Theo had learned that if they were going to be home late, there was no point going to their own houses because their other halves would inevitably be together. On this Friday night, the simulation had run over, so by the time they apparated into Grimmauld Place; they were half an hour late.

 

“So which house are we banking on tonight?” Theo asked as they stood on the street and looked up at their homes.

 

“Could go either way,” Draco replied, “If Hermione’s had a hectic day, Sadie would have cooked for her because she’s nice that way, but if Sadie’s stomach has flared up again, Hermione will have cooked her a nice bland meal because she’s brilliant at them.”

 

Theo snorted, “Backhanded compliment, much?”

 

Draco sniggered, “I’m guessing Sadie’s cooked.”

 

“I’m hoping she has,” Theo said as they stepped into the hall of number 11, “And if dinner is at your place, I hope Hermione asked the elf to cook,” he said in a whisper.

 

Draco shot his friend a grin, “I smell food.”

 

Theo fist-pumped the air and yelled, “Sorry, we’re late, babe!”

 

“It’s okay! We’re in the kitchen.”

 

“Called it,” Draco murmured. Theo chucked, and they made their way into the kitchen together where their other halves were sitting with empty bowls and full glasses of wine.

 

“Hey love,” Draco said, kissing Hermione on the cheek and dropping down next to her.

 

“Hey baby,” Theo murmured as Sadie got up and kissed him lightly on the lips, “How was your day?”

 

“Dull,” Sadie replied, “How was yours?”

 

“Interesting,” Theo said with a grin.

 

“Interesting?” Draco scoffed, “Come on, give yourself credit, Theo. You were fucking amazing today.”

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow, “Do elaborate.”

 

“Simulation room,” Theo said, “We all had to work together again, it was a serial killer this time, and I took the lead.”

 

“And you caught him?” Sadie asked proudly.

 

“Yeah, we caught him,” Draco said. He grinned proudly at Theo, “Before he killed the fourth victim too. I mean he got Harry and Neville to do the dirty work and arrest the guy, but you should have seen him. He put everyone where they were meant to be, had all of us working on separate stuff, but it all came together perfectly at the end.”

 

Hermione smiled slightly, “Well, I’m not surprised. Theo’s the smartest here.”

 

Theo raised an eyebrow at her, “Who are you, and what have you done with the Gryffindor princess?”

 

Hermione snorted, “You’re smarter than me, Theo. I’m more logical and perceptive, but that doesn’t make me smarter. You didn’t just have that happen by chance, did you? You put everyone in the right place and set the game into motion with your knights ready to arrest the guy, your bishops in the background gathering intel, your rooks on the lookout. Then at just the right moment, you said check-mate.”

 

Theo smirked and leant across the table, “Well, princess, I did not think you understood me that well.”

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at him, “You’re a perfect Slytherin.”

 

“Are they flirting?” Draco asked, looking over at Sadie.

 

Sadie shook her head in amusement, “I’m past caring if they are. You two flirt all the bloody time.”

 

“We don’t flirt, we banter,” Draco remarked.

 

“And we’re not flirting,” Theo said as he leant back in his chair, “I’m just glad that someone finally understands my genius. But I mean she did call me a perfect Slytherin which might be the nicest thing someone has ever said to me, so watch your back Sade.”

 

Hermione laughed, “Do you want me to finish that sentence? I was going to say, you are a perfect Slytherin because you get everything ready to go, you line up all your pieces like a Chessmaster, but you don’t get your hands dirty.”

 

Theo frowned, “That’s still a compliment, Princess.”

 

Draco hid an amused smile as Hermione tried to hit him across the table, but he ducked and grinned at her.

 

“So you guys had a good day then?” Sadie asked through her laughter as she set two bowls down in front of them.

 

“We had a brilliant day,” Draco agreed, “How was your day, Hermione?”

 

“Don’t get her started,” Sadie said with an amused grin as she topped up Hermione’s wine glass.

 

“It was bloody awful!” Hermione exclaimed.

 

Theo looked at Draco and used their ‘mind link’ which had been growing stronger thanks to Auror Emmagens classes. Why the fuck did you ask?

 

She’s my fiancé; it’s polite to ask.

 

But we don’t give a fuck about what Mr Jeremiah in the fucking Wizengamot office said to Mrs Hastings, Draco.

 

Draco bit back a grin and nodded sincerely as Hermione reached the climax of her story.

 

 

“Honey, I’m home!”

 

Daphne laughed, “Very funny. I’m in the kitchen.”

 

“You’re in the kitchen, and I smell food,” Harry said as he walked towards the door into the kitchen, “Are you cheating? Is there a house-elf with you?”

 

“There is a house-elf with me, but I’m doing the cooking,” Daphne said indignantly.

 

Harry laughed and stepped into the kitchen; she was indeed cooking.

 

“Kreacher is just teaching me, right, Kreacher?”

 

Kreacher nodded, “Yes, Master Harry.”

 

Harry smiled at her, “You’re learning to cook for me. I guess it must be true love.”

 

Daphne shot him an irritated look, “I’m learning to cook for Teddy. I figured it would be a useful skill to have when raising a child.”

 

“What are you cooking?” Harry asked.

 

“Just ravioli,” Daphne admitted, “But I think it tastes good.”

 

“It looks good,” Harry said as she began to plate it up.

 

They sat down at the table and Daphne poured out two glasses of wine, “So how was your day?”

 

“Strange,” Harry admitted, “Theo took the lead in the simulation room today.”

 

“Oh Merlin, how badly did you all fail?”

 

“We didn’t actually,” Harry said, “He was great. He put everyone in the right place so that we all worked to our best ability. It was a serial killer we were trying to catch, and we wanted to get him before he killed anyone else.”

 

“Did you manage?” Daphne asked.

 

Harry nodded, “We caught him, and we saved the girl who would have been his fourth victim. Nev and I did the catching, but Theo was an outstanding leader.”

 

“That actually doesn’t surprise me,” Daphne admitted, “Everyone thought that Draco led our little rebellion during the war, but he didn’t really…Theo was the real leader.”

 

“Yeah?” Harry asked.

 

Daphne nodded, “We fell apart when he was imprisoned in the Dark Tower. Draco and Sadie kept each other afloat; they barely slept; they were constantly looking for a way to get him out. Neither of them ever gave up on him. Even back then, you could tell that both of them loved Theo in their own way.”

 

Harry listened with interest because Daphne rarely talked so openly about her experiences during the war.

 

“But Theo held us together,” Daphne said, “He was the one with the smart ideas, the sneakiest of all of us. He should never have gotten caught; he didn’t make mistakes like the rest of us. He would think a plan out in his head, and he would calculate all the risks, he would know who he was likely to bump into, and he had about five plans running through his head at any given time.”

 

“How did he get caught then?” Harry asked curiously.

 

“Because he’s kind,” Daphne said with a smile, “And he doesn’t often show it. I mean I think you see it now, but back then he wouldn’t want anyone to know it. He saw Luna being tortured, so he yelled to get their attention and told her to run away.”

 

“He’s noble for a Slytherin,” Harry said with a smile.

 

“He doesn’t like to see innocent people suffering, and that’s because of what happened to his mother,” Daphne said.

 

“He’ll make a great Auror,” Harry stated with confidence, “And he earned a lot of respect from me today.”

 

“Merlin,” Daphne groaned, “Don’t tell him that, if his head gets any bigger, it won’t fit through his front door anymore!”

 

Harry laughed heartily at that, “This is great by the way.”

 

Daphne smiled cheerfully, “Is it? Thank Merlin, I was worried it would be awful!”

 

 

It took Neville a very long time to get to France on Friday night because he did it properly. As he waited in line at the English International Apparition Centre, to get his wand checked and be cleared to apparate, he wished that he had just done it on the fly like he had the last time.

 

Eventually, a surly security wizard checked his wand and his rucksack then cleared him to apparate. He didn’t have to wait in line at the other side, but he did need to have everything checked again by a French security wizard.

 

Luckily he didn’t have to try to get past the security at the centre straight away. Lilly had owled him earlier in the week and told him to meet her and her friends in a bar in Amiens. By the time he had apparated to Amiens and found his way to the bar, it was nearly 10 pm, and he was already knackered.

 

He walked into the busy bar and scanned the room for Lilly. He frowned as he looked around because he couldn’t see her anywhere, and he began to wonder if he had gone to the wrong place.

 

“Nev!” A familiar voice called.

 

Neville glanced over and saw her waving from the other side of the room. He frowned as he walked towards her because even from a distance, something looked different. When he reached the table that she was sharing with a few other people, he realised what it was, “You put your hair back to its original colour!”

 

Lilly stood up and hugged him, “Yeah, I didn’t think you would notice. Do you remember it being this colour?”

 

“Of course I do,” Neville said as he took a step back and looked at her properly, “It looks great Lil, it really suits you.”

 

Lilly smiled, “Do you think so? I was worried that you would hate it.”

 

“No,” Neville said, he smiled at her, “I love it.”

 

Lilly grinned, “These are my friends from the course by the way. This is Lucille, she’s from Jamaica, and this is Savannah, she’s from America. Oh and this is Charlotte, she’s from New Zealand. And this is Michael; he’s Canadian. Guys, this is Neville, my boyfriend.”

 

“Lovely to meet you all,” Neville said politely as he slipped into a seat at the end of the table.

 

Savannah sighed, “Do you have any single friends Neville? I love that whole posh English accent thing.”

 

Lilly snorted, “Posh? Please, Neville doesn’t have a posh English accent, he’s northern!”

 

“Coming from you?” Neville teased, “I mean you’re from Hackney, your accent couldn’t be more common if you tried.”

 

“Oi, watch it!” Lilly said. She whacked him around the head while her friends sniggered, “And as I was about to say Savannah, you should meet our friends Draco and Theo. They have posh English accents.”

 

“Are they single?” Savannah asked.

 

“One of them is married,” Neville replied with an amused smile, “And the other one is engaged to Hermione Granger, so you don’t want to go anywhere near him.”

 

“You didn’t tell us that you were friends with Hermione Granger!” Savannah said, “She’s like a hero to us girls! Everyone says she’s one of the people who fought right next to Harry Potter in the war.”

 

“Harry Potter isn’t that big of a deal to be fair,” Neville said.

 

Lilly smiled slightly, “Harry is Neville’s Auror partner,” she explained.

 

“He’s a bit of dick, to be honest,” Neville added.

 

“Neville!” Lilly chastised.

 

“Is he really?” Michael asked.

 

“No, he’s lovely,” Lilly assured him.

 

“What other famous friends do you have, Lil?” Charlotte asked.

 

“That’s about it,” Lilly said, “And they aren’t these big famous icons for me because I went through school with them. I remember Harry’s awkward phase when he turned into a tomato every time a girl talked to him.”

 

“I’m not convinced he’s grown out of that yet,” Neville joked while the others laughed.

 

Lilly laughed too, “And I remember Hermione’s massive lapse of judgement when she dated Viktor Krum in fourth year.”

 

“What?” Lucille asked in surprise.

 

“But she’s so intelligent! Why would she date a dumb Quidditch player?” Savannah asked.

 

“I guess us intelligent girls like dating dumb guys,” Lilly joked as she shot Neville an amused look.

 

“Excuse you, Lillian Moon,” Neville said with a raised eyebrow, “You have to be very intelligent to get into Auror training. Can you name every plant in 1001 Magical Herbs and Fungi off the top of your head?”

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow at him, “I am in an elite course training to be a Trauma Healer, Nev.”

 

“Right,” Neville laughed, “Yeah, of course, you are. I’m just so used to being the only competent Herbologist at the moment; you know sharing a class with Harry, Draco and Theo?”

 

Lilly laughed and started to explain to her new friends who her old friends were. Neville smiled at her and took her hand under the table; he appreciated her so much more now that their time together was limited.

 

 

“Daph, are you nearly ready?” Harry called up the stairs, “We’re going to be late!”

 

“I’m coming,” Daphne called from upstairs.

 

Harry smiled in amusement and glanced at the clock. They had been invited to Greengrove House for a meal along with Draco and Hermione. Andromeda had asked them to be there for 7 pm, and it was currently 6.55 pm.

 

Harry didn’t hear any movement and was about to shout up the stairs again when Daphne appeared at the top of the staircase.

 

“You look great, but I don’t know how it took an hour to make you look that great,” Harry said when she reached the bottom of the stairs.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “I know you think that I just wake up perfect, but this takes work.”

 

Harry shot her an incredulous look, “You do wake up perfect.”

 

She shook her head, “I really don’t. Now come on, weren’t you the one complaining that we were going to be late?”

 

Harry wasn’t sure how she always managed to make everything his fault, but she had a real knack for it. When they got to Greengrove House, a few minutes late, Daphne announced that it was Harry’s fault that they were late.

 

Harry caught Draco’s eye and shook his head in disbelief. The Slytherin smirked and looked away before Daphne or Hermione caught him.

 

“Come on through, Teddy is in bed,” Andromeda said to them, “He wanted to wait up for you, but he was exhausted.”

 

“Oh there’s no point keeping him up past his bedtime for us,” Daphne said with a smile, “We’ll see him tomorrow anyway. Hey guys, hello Narcissa.”

 

They all made small talk as they sat down in the dining room. Luckily Daphne could keep a conversation going with most people; it was a skill that Harry wished that he had. They talked about their new jobs, Auror training and how Teddy was getting on. Then the subject of wedding bells came up.

 

“Speaking of new beginnings,” Narcissa said slyly, “When will you two be journeying into marriage?”

 

“Mother,” Draco said quietly, “Do we have to talk about that right now?”

 

“Draco,” Narcissa said in a reprimanding tone of voice, “You have been engaged for a few months now, and you have told me nothing about your wedding plans. Have you set a date yet?”

 

Hermione looked a little sheepish, “Uh…”

 

“We haven’t even set a year,” Draco said.

 

Narcissa tutted, “Then what on earth is the point of an engagement, Draco?”

 

“I proposed because I love Hermione and I wanted to show her how committed I was to making our relationship work out of school,” Draco said honestly, “But that doesn’t mean that we want to rush into marriage, we were thinking of having a long engagement.”

 

“Rushing into marriage after war just seems a little reckless,” Hermione admitted.

 

“It worked for your friend Theo and his wife,” Narcissa reminded them.

 

“Yes, but Theo and Sadie have known each other since they were kids,” Draco said, “They have been friends since they were 11 years old. They didn’t spend seven years insulting each other and then fight on opposing sides of a war, did they Mother?”

 

“Draco Abraxas Black,” Narcissa said in a low, dangerous tone of voice, “You may make a fair point, but if you ever take that tone with me again then you will find that you are never too old to be sent to your room.”

 

Harry couldn’t hide the fact that he was laughing, but Daphne covered it up rather well behind her hand. Hermione sniggered while Draco went red and complained, “Mother!”

 

“I do not appreciate being spoken to like that,” Narcissa said shortly, “And long engagement or not, you must have some plans.”

 

“Well,” Hermione said, “I think we want to get married in St. Albans because that’s where I’m from.”

 

“Do we?” Draco asked, “I thought we wanted to get married in Somerset.”

 

Harry bit his lip in amusement; he sensed an argument coming on.

 

“Traditionally Draco, you get married in the bride’s hometown,” Hermione pointed out.

 

“Does that mean it’s going to be a muggle wedding? With loads of muggles?”

 

“Yes Draco, there will be a lot of muggles there since my family are all muggles!” Hermione said shortly.

 

“Draco, you sound like a prejudiced prat,” Daphne said before the argument could get much worse, “Hermione is right, you will have to have two weddings.”

 

“Two weddings?” Hermione asked.

 

Daphne nodded, “Normally the bride and groom have the wizarding ceremony first, just before the big white wedding. The bridal party attend, you get married and then you have a muggle wedding. It’s just for show of course because you will already be married.”

 

“How do you know so much about this?” Harry asked in surprise.

 

“I looked into it in case you wanted to have two weddings,” Daphne said honestly, “I didn’t know if you had any muggle friends that you wanted to be there.”

 

Harry smiled, “That was very sweet of you. But I’ll be quite happy just having a wizarding wedding, the only muggles I’ll invite are Aunt Petunia and Dudley who know about magic anyway.”

 

“See that,” Hermione said as she glared at Draco, “That is what you should have done!”

 

Draco opened his mouth to apologise, but Hermione had already gotten to her feet, “But no! You just insulted my upbringing and my blood status, like you always have done because your view on muggles hasn’t changed a bit!”

 

Before Draco could try to defend himself, Hermione had stalked out of the room. Draco threw his fork onto the table loudly and got to his feet, “Happy now, Mother?” he asked angrily as he rushed after Hermione.

 

Narcissa shook her head, “I have no idea what I did wrong,” she mumbled, “But I don’t feel overly hungry anymore, forgive me, Andromeda.”

 

Andromeda shook her head in disbelief as she looked around the half-empty table. Then a cry sounded from above.

 

“I was wondering if the noise had woken him up,” Daphne said when she heard it, “I’ll go up.”

 

She left the room, and Harry said, “Well, that escalated quickly.”

 

“Things have always been a little tense between Draco and his mother,” Andromeda admitted, “But I thought they had improved recently.”

 

“I think things will always be a bit tense because of everything that’s happened,” Harry said honestly, “We got your contract, by the way.”

 

“It certainly wasn’t light reading, was it?” Andromeda asked.

 

“I didn’t read it, but Daphne did,” Harry said, “She told me the basics, she just wants Hermione to read over it tomorrow since she deals with legal documents a lot at work.”

 

“It does no harm to be entirely certain of what you are entering into,” Andromeda said sensibly, “My solicitor was very thorough when drawing it up, he claims that too often adoption paperwork is not done correctly.”

 

“Is that why there are all of those conditions?” Harry asked quietly.

 

Andromeda frowned and looked up when she heard his accusing tone, “Heavens Harry, you don’t think I asked him to put all of that in, do you?”

 

“No, no,” Harry said with a shake of his head, “Daphne said it would just be a standard thing but…I didn’t like to think that you felt that way.”

 

“Harry, I have absolutely no concerns about Teddy’s welfare with you and Daphne,” Andromeda promised him, “I know he will be loved, fed and cared for. My solicitor just wanted to make sure that everything was done correctly, Clive is very thorough like that.”

 

Harry nodded, “I’m sorry that I thought otherwise, Andi. I’ve just been so suspicious since the war…I feel like everyone has an ulterior motive.”

 

“You ought to talk to someone about that,” Andromeda said.

 

“I will,” Harry promised, “Senior Auror Sumner thinks I have post-traumatic stress. He wants me to talk to someone about it, but I need to wait until she arrives. Apparently, the Mental Health Healer does rotational work with the Aurors and St. Mungo’s.”

 

“When you do get the chance to talk to her, don’t be afraid,” Andromeda said, “Talk to her about everything.”

 

“I will.”

 

“Make that a promise Harry,” Andromeda said, a little more firmly.

 

“I promise.”

 

 

“We have a letter from Hogwarts…”

 

Harry frowned over at his fiancé from where he was supervising Teddy. The little boy was currently massacring scrambled egg and throwing more on the floor than he was eating, “What?”

 

Daphne stepped away from the coffee pot and showed him the letter which was addressed,

 

“Mr Harry James Potter and Miss Daphne Lareina Greengrass

Potter Manor

Surrey

England.”

 

“I’m curious now,” Harry said, “Go on – Teddy, eat your toast, please! – read it to me.”

 

Daphne opened the letter and read aloud,

 

“Dear Mr Potter and Miss Greengrass,

 

I would like to formally invite you both to the inaugural Founders Ball as guests of honour. It will take place in the Great Hall at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on the 4th of September. Please RSVP as soon as possible to confirm your attendance. The ball begins at 7 pm.

 

Mr Potter, I would also like to invite you to represent Godric Gryffindor at the ball. If you consent, please let me know, and I shall ask you to a meeting with those representing the other founders of Hogwarts.

 

I look forward to your prompt reply.

 

Professor Minerva McGonagall

Headmistress at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.”

 

“She wants me to be Godric Gryffindor?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

“You should say yes,” Daphne mused, “It would be quite an honour, wouldn’t it? To represent your house founder, you are such a proud Gryffindor after all.”

 

“How did you manage to make that into an insult?” Harry asked. He shot her an amused look.

 

Daphne smiled mischievously, “It’s a special talent. I really do think that you should do it though, I doubt McGonagall will ask you to do much more than walk into the hall in costume then dance.”

 

“With who though?” Harry asked, “Because if it’s you, then I don’t mind, but what if it’s a random person?”

 

“It won’t be a random person,” Daphne said, “Gryffindor was married to Hufflepuff, so I expect you’ll have to dance with the person playing Hufflepuff. They will want to pick someone fairly well known or influential…”

 

“Like Gwenog Jones?”

 

“I think she might be a bit old,” Daphne mused, “You never know, it might be Susan.”

 

Harry snorted, “That would be awkward. Do you think I should say yes?”

 

Daphne nodded, “Yeah, I mean they have never had a Founders Ball before, and if this doesn’t work out, then they might never have one again. This could be a once in a lifetime chance, and I think that you should never turn one of those down.”

 

Harry nodded thoughtfully. He was about to open his mouth to say that he would tell McGonagall that he would do it. However, before he got the chance a large lump of cold, slimy scrambled egg collided with his face and Teddy started laughing hysterically.

 

Daphne snorted in amusement, “Makes you wonder if Godric Gryffindor faced the same struggles as the great Harry Potter, doesn’t it?” she joked with a wicked grin.

 

 

“Babe, we have a letter!”

 

“Addressed to both of us?” Susan called from the bedroom.

 

Percy swallowed his mouthful, “Yeah, it’s from Hogwarts. Can I open it?”

 

“Yeah, I’ll be there in a minute!”

 

By the time Percy had opened the letter and scanned its contents, Susan had stepped into the kitchen.

 

“Are you planning on putting on more clothes?” Percy asked with an amused smile.

 

Susan raised an eyebrow at him, “I’m not planning on catching bad guys in my underwear, although I’m pretty sure it would work.”

 

Percy laughed, “Yes, I think it probably would. Do you fancy going to a Founders Ball by the way?”

 

“What’s a Founders Ball?”

 

“A new thing that McGonagall is doing up at the school,” Percy replied, “It’s next weekend, she wants you to represent Helga Hufflepuff.”

 

Susan looked up in surprise, “Seriously?”

 

Percy nodded, “I think it might be fun. If we’re invited, then everyone else will be too.”

 

Susan hummed thoughtfully, “I definitely can’t turn down a chance to play Helga Hufflepuff. I idolised her when I was at school. Do we need to RSVP?”

 

“Yep,” Percy said, he put the letter down on the table and added, “I’ll let you reply since you’re going to be the real guest of honour.”

 

Susan grinned and picked up the letter, “It’s a good thing I look good in yellow, isn’t it?”

 

 

“That must be an interesting letter,” Hermione said when she stepped into the kitchen, “You’re never up so early on a Sunday.”

 

“The owl woke me up with its tapping,” Draco explained, “It’s from McGonagall.”

 

Hermione frowned, “Is she alright?”

 

“She’s fine,” Draco replied, “She’s invited us to a Founders Ball…”

 

“What on earth is a Founders Ball?” Hermione asked, she put the kettle on to boil and pulled out two mugs.

 

“It’s the first time it’s been done so I don’t entirely know,” Draco admitted, “I suppose it’s some sort of celebration for the founders of Hogwarts. She’s asking people to represent the founders. Someone from an influential family is being picked from each house.”

 

“That’s interesting,” Hermione mused, “I wonder if a Weasley or a Potter was asked to play Gryffindor.”

 

“I suspect she asked Harry,” Draco said, “The Potters are an older family, and they have direct links to Gryffindor and the Peverell’s.”

 

“That’s true,” Hermione agreed, “Aren’t your family connected to Slytherin?”

 

Draco nodded, “The Malfoys are…I suppose that’s why she asked me to represent Slytherin.”

 

Hermione’s head snapped up, “Did she?”

 

Draco nodded.

 

“Why do you look so unhappy about that?”

 

Draco sighed, “Salazar Slytherin wasn’t a nice man, Hermione. I’m not entirely sure that I’m proud that my family is connected to him. I used to be but…times change.”

 

“He wasn’t a nice man, that much is true,” Hermione agreed, “But he did a pretty great thing, co-founding a school that became a safe haven for so many people over the years.”

 

Draco still didn’t look convinced, so Hermione added, “If it helps, don’t think about it as if you’re doing it because you look up to Slytherin. Do it for all of the students in Slytherin who need a good role model to look up to. I mean when you were in that house, could you have named anyone in the public eye who was good and who came from Slytherin?”

 

“I knew good people, like my mother and my godfather,” Draco admitted, “But not anyone in the public eye.”

 

“Well, you are in the public eye, and you are good,” Hermione said gently, “Be that person that they can look up to. Show these young Slytherins that they don’t have to grow up to be slimy bastards, show them that they can be Aurors. Show them that they can be heroes.”

 

Draco looked up at her, “I’m not a hero, Hermione. That’s Harry’s job.”

 

“Harry might be the wizarding worlds hero, but that doesn’t mean that you aren’t a hero to someone Draco,” Hermione said softly, “You grew up with a horrible man for a father. You were manipulated and used as a teenager, but you got to where you are now, and you did that by yourself. You changed your ways, you changed the way that you look at the world, and that’s harder than people think, to those Slytherins you would be a hero.”

 

Draco looked down at the letter for a long moment. Eventually, he nodded and said, “You’re right, I should do it. Would you be my date?”

 

“If we’re being historically accurate then your date should be Rowena Ravenclaw, but yes, I will be your date,” Hermione joked.

 

Draco chuckled, “I wonder who they will ask to play Ravenclaw.”

 

“I’m not sure,” Hermione admitted, “I can’t think of any influential families connected with Ravenclaw off the top of my head.”

 

“I expect Susan might be asked to play Hufflepuff,” Draco said, “The Bones are rumoured to be descended from Helga, but I’m not sure about Ravenclaw.”

 

“We’ll find out when we go to the ball,” Hermione said cheerfully, “When is it by the way?”

 

“Next Saturday,” Draco replied.

 

“Ooh, soon then! I’m looking forward to it,” Hermione said happily, “Anyway, since you’re up now. What do you fancy for breakfast?”

 

 

“Nev.”

 

Neville groaned, “I’m sleeping, Lil.”

 

“I know, but I just got this letter,” Lilly said, she nudged him again, “It’s interesting, come on Nev.”

 

Neville opened one eye, “Who sends interesting letters at this time on Sunday morning?”

 

“It’s 10 am Nev,” Lilly said pointedly, “You’re just hungover because you drank far too much wine last night.”

 

“You were the one who told me to embrace the French culture,” Neville mumbled, “That food was amazing by the way, and so was the wine.”

 

“I know!” Lilly said, “And who knew there was so much to do in Amiens, right? Amiens Cathedral was so pretty, and I think I’m going to love you forever since you took me to the home of Jules Verne.”

 

Neville smiled sleepily at her, “So I made you love France?”

 

“I wouldn’t go as far as to say love,” Lilly admitted, “But exploring is definitely more fun with you. I have an idea of what we could do today that I think you would find fun.”

 

Neville opened another eye, “What is it?”

 

“The Botanical Gardens in Amiens,” Lilly said, “Clara told me that there’s a secret wizarding section. You just need to go through the false door at the back of one of the greenhouses.”

 

Neville’s eyes widened, “That sounds amazing.”

 

Lilly smiled, “I thought you would enjoy it. Do you want to hear about this letter now?”

 

Neville yawned then nodded, “What about it?”

 

“Well it’s from McGonagall,” Lilly said, “She’s doing a new thing, a Founders Ball. She wants people to play the Founders, and she has asked people from influential families to play the founder of that house. I suppose she asked Harry to be Gryffindor, Draco to be Slytherin and Suse to be Hufflepuff.”

 

Neville nodded, he was just about following her even though he had just woken up, “The whole thing is a celebration of the Founders and what they did for all of us, and you will never guess who McGonagall asked to be Ravenclaw.”

 

“Who?” Neville asked stupidly.

 

Lilly grinned, “Me! She asked me, Nev! I’m not even from an influential family, I mean I’m just a muggle-born, but she said she would be honoured if I would play Ravenclaw. She said that I was a model pupil and would be an excellent role model for young Ravenclaws!”

 

Neville smiled broadly at her, “That’s great, Lil.”

 

“I know!” Lilly said excitedly, “I don’t know what I did to deserve this, but I’ve already written back saying that I would be honoured.”

 

Neville’s smile didn’t wafer, “You might not be from an influential family, but I can completely see where McGonagall is coming from. You spent the war helping heal the injured, you ran a hospital wing in the room of requirement, and now you’re in an elite course. You had to get top grades into everything to be accepted Lil, of course, you’re an inspiration.”

 

Lilly smiled at him, but not as brightly as she had before, “We’ve never talked about that time, you know?”

 

“What time?” Neville asked.

 

“The war,” Lilly replied, “We were both there for most of it. You, Susan and Seamus, got those kids out of the dungeons, and Ginny, Hannah and I healed them, but we’ve never talked about it.”

 

“I didn’t realise that there was anything to talk about,” Neville admitted as he caught her eye, “I’m sorry if that was wrong of me.”

 

Lilly shook her head, “It’s okay. I mean, you know that it hurt me to see you acting so recklessly with Ginny.”

 

“It almost broke our friendship apart, actually,” Neville cut in.

 

“It was just too out of character,” Lilly shrugged, “The Hufflepuff in Gryffindor colours screwing his friend's girlfriend.”

 

“I know,” Neville said guiltily, “I mean I know why it happened. You and I…we clashed that year, you had your hospital wing, and I had my rebellion, isn’t that what you said to me at one point?”

 

Lilly bit her lip, “Sounds familiar, yeah.”

 

“So it was Ginny that was in the thick of it with me,” Neville said quietly, “She was by my side when we had to drag those kids out of the dungeons or save our friends from the Dark Tower. We had each other’s backs, we duelled together, and we had always been friends. It had never been anything more than that, but I think when you’re in such a tense situation, you feel this sense of closeness to the person that you’re in it with. It wasn’t right, and if we hadn’t been in that situation, it never would have happened, but those conditions were just…they weren’t normal.”

 

“Yeah,” Lilly said quietly, “And Harry was hardly a saint while he was away, I know. But I didn’t enjoy watching it unfold. As you said, Ginny was by your side, and I had my hospital wing. It was Ginny that you confided in that year, I was just the girl you used to be friends with and if I’m honest, that fucking hurt. It’s why for a while back then, I just didn’t recognise you.”

 

“For a while, I didn’t recognise myself,” Neville said truthfully, “We did what had to be done, but we didn’t think too much about how that was going to affect us, did we?”

 

Lilly shook her head, “No…it left a mark on all of us; that’s for sure.”

 

“Still,” Neville said, “You were my friend, and I let us drift apart when I started to get closer with the likes of Harry and Hermione. You were there for me when everyone was bullying me, and nobody else liked me, but when I got more popular friends, I let you fall by the wayside, and that was a dick move.”

 

Lilly smiled slightly, “Yeah, it was,” she agreed.

 

“I’m sorry about that,” Neville said honestly, “I was a stupid kid who didn’t realise what he had when it was right in front of him. I’m just really grateful that you gave me a second chance.”

 

“That was sappy,” Lilly said, she kissed him lightly on the lips.

 

“I do sappy rather well,” Neville murmured as he returned her kiss.

 

 

“Love! Are you up?”

 

Sadie emerged from the bedroom in Theo’s dressing gown, “Yeah, I was just thinking about having a shower.”

 

“We got an interesting letter this morning,” Theo said as he waved the letter in the air, “McGonagall is doing a Founders Ball next Saturday at Hogwarts. We’re invited, and it sounds like fun, don’t you think?”

 

“I suppose so.”

 

“Are you going to be this short with me all day?” Theo asked, “Because I don’t know what I’ve done.”

 

“You haven’t done anything,” Sadie said irritably, “I’m just not particularly looking forward to going back to Egypt tomorrow.”

 

“Well, don’t take that out on me,” Theo said, “I told you to drop out if you hate it so much, but you’re determined to see it through.”

 

“I don’t give up on things, Theo,” Sadie said shortly, “You’re supposed to be my husband, you should know that about me!”

 

“I don’t know everything about you Sadie, despite being married to you!” Theo snapped, “And I don’t want you to spend our last day together, acting like a bitch just because you don’t want to go back to Egypt.”

 

Sadie glared at him, “You’re supposed to be sympathetic Theo, that’s what good husbands do!”

 

“I won’t do what I’m supposed to do just because I’m your husband,” Theo barked, “I’ll do what I’ve always done in our relationship, and that is say things like they are even when you don’t like it! You are acting ridiculously; you can’t just whine and complain like a little girl. You don’t like Egypt, but if you want to finish your course, then you need to suck it up and deal with it. So get over it, Sadie!”

 

If looks could kill then, Theo would have been lying on the floor, cold as stone. Sadie turned on her heel, and as she slammed the bedroom door, she said, “Well if that’s how you feel, then I’ll just leave now!”

 

Theo groaned in frustration and kicked the wall hard. He loved Sadie more than he had ever loved a woman in his life, but the way she was acting at the moment was infuriating.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


By the time Harry, Daphne and Teddy got to the Burrow, Sunday lunch was just about to be served. They all squeezed in around the table, and Harry noted that only one family member was missing.

 

“Where’s Bill?” He asked Daphne.

 

“I don’t know. He said he was…” Daphne trailed off as Bill stepped into the kitchen, “…coming.”

 

“What on earth are you wearing?” Molly asked in disbelief.

 

Charlie grinned and said, “I still wear them better.”

 

Bill smacked his brother around the head and winked at Harry, “Heard Harry liked the dragon hide trousers, so I thought I’d see if they still fitted.”

 

“Oh fuck off, you totally had to resize them!” Charlie sniggered.

 

“Language, Charlie!”

 

Harry shook his head in amusement and looked at his fiancé, “I hate you.”

 

Daphne smiled sweetly, “Do you?” she remarked slyly.

 

Harry snorted as Bill and Charlie started arguing about what had gotten fatter first, Bill’s arse or his thighs. Eventually, Molly managed to rein them and dinner was served.

 

They all made small talk while they ate, Hermione and Draco were at the other end of the table, so Harry didn’t get a chance to bring up the Founders Ball until they all migrated into the living room after a hearty roast chicken dinner.

 

“So we got an interesting letter this morning,” Harry said, he had collapsed into a comfortable armchair and Teddy had fallen asleep in his arms.

 

“Oh, about the Founders Ball?” Hermione asked.

 

“Yeah, did you get one too?” Harry asked.

 

Hermione nodded, “We will definitely go. I think it sounds like great fun!”

 

“We’re going to go too,” Daphne said, “We don’t have a choice since Harry is going to be Godric Gryffindor.”

 

Hermione laughed loudly, “Really? Oh, that’s brilliant!”

 

Harry frowned, “What’s so funny about it?”

 

Hermione shook her head, “The fact you’re going to be Gryffindor isn’t funny. In fact, it makes a lot of sense. What’s funny is that your old schoolboy enemy will be playing Gryffindor’s arch-enemy.”

 

Draco smiled slightly, “I’m starting to wonder if we were fated to be enemies, Harry.”

 

“What, like star crossed lovers but with a bit more violence?” Daphne joked.

 

Harry laughed, “I can’t imagine you as Slytherin. It’s hard to see a guy as a slimy git when you’ve seen him being soppy with his fiancé and making stupid faces at your kid.”

 

Draco chuckled, “I’m kind of glad about that to be honest because I was a bit offended at first. I don’t look up to Slytherin, and I wasn’t sure if I wanted to do it, but Hermione convinced me that I would be a good role model for young Slytherins.”

 

“I would agree,” Harry said, “And funnily enough, Daphne had to convince me to go to it as well.”

 

“Why?” Draco asked in surprise, “Surely, you look up to Godric Gryffindor and would be honoured to play him?”

 

“I suspect it has something to do with the fact Harry hates speaking in public or dancing in public,” Hermione said, she shot her friend a knowing look.

 

“Spot on,” Daphne said, “But I told him that there was no way he could miss out on the chance. If this doesn’t go down well for whatever reason, there might not be another Founders Ball.”

 

“And even if there was, I would suspect that McGonagall would pick different people each year to make it fair,” Hermione added.

 

Harry nodded, “Daph’s right. It’s a once in a lifetime chance so I would be stupid to turn it down.”

 

“It could be a fun night,” Daphne added, “I wonder if any of the others have been invited.”

 

“I suspect a select few influential students from the last few years have been invited,” Hermione said.

 

“The last few years?” Bill asked from behind them, “I was a student quite a few years ago, and I was asked.”

 

“You are a pretty famous Curse Breaker to be fair Bill,” Daphne said with an amused smile.

 

“Why did they ask Char then? He fondles dragons for a living,” Bill joked.

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “Charlie has worked in some incredible places. He took part in a revolutionary breeding programme that saved two species of dragons. I would say that makes him pretty influential.”

 

Charlie grinned and raised his hand, “You tell him Mione! Give me a hi-five.”

 

Hermione chuckled and hi-fived him. Draco raised an eyebrow at her, “Do I need to be concerned? Because I thought you were over Weasley’s.”

 

“You say that like I’ve dated more than one,” Hermione pointed out.

 

“Well there was that weird flirty thing between you and Freddie when we were all at school,” George said, he waggled his eyebrows at her.

 

Hermione blushed, “There was not.”

 

“And you had a crush on Charlie when you were younger,” Harry teased.

 

Hermione’s cheeks became a darker shade of scarlet, “No, I didn’t,” she lied.

 

Draco looked at her pointedly, “Are you really over Weasley’s?”

 

“Yes, I am,” Hermione said as she regained her composure, “I just feel strongly about the rights of dragons, okay?”

 

“Now I think we can all believe that,” Bill said with a grin while the others chuckled.

 

 

When Teddy woke up, and Harry could finally move, he asked Hermione if he could have a quiet word with her. She nodded, and the two of them slipped outside, it was early evening, and the air was rather cold.

 

They held their cardigans close to their bodies and sheltered by the chicken coup.

 

“What’s wrong?”

 

“I just need to talk to you about the adoption,” Harry said honestly, “It’s getting official now, Hermione.”

 

Hermione caught his eye, “You’re panicking, aren’t you?”

 

“A little bit,” Harry admitted, he pulled the contract out of his robes, “We got this earlier in the week. Daph and I wanted to give it to you since you read legal documents a lot for your work. If you could just make sure that it’s ironclad, we would appreciate it.”

 

Hermione nodded and slipped it into her bag, “I’ll look over it tonight and give it back to Daphne over lunch tomorrow. When is this happening?”

 

“Soon,” Harry said, “Once we sign the contract, the paperwork starts to get drawn up. It could all be official in a couple of months.”

 

“Wow,” Hermione said, she surveyed her friend, “Are you sure that you’re ready for this?”

 

“We’ve talked about it so much,” Harry said quietly, “I don’t think we’re ever going to be any more ready than we are right now. It’s just…having him at the weekends is one thing but once this goes through everything is going to change and…”

 

“Change has always scared you,” Hermione finished.

 

Harry nodded, “Yeah.”

 

“Honestly, Harry,” Hermione said, “This is going to be the biggest change of your life. I mean yes, marriage is a big change, but it doesn’t change your relationship a great deal. But having a child, that does. You and Daphne will never have any free time anymore, everywhere you go you will have to take Teddy with you, or you’ll have to find a sitter. Every night when you come home, he will be there. It isn’t going to be easy.”

 

“I know, but I think we owe it to Teddy,” Harry said honestly, “We can give him a good life, the life he deserves. We’re in a position, financially and emotionally, to offer him that and I don’t think I could forgive myself if I chose not to for selfish reasons.”

 

“And Daphne feels the same?”

 

“I told you, Hermione,” Harry said, “We’ve talked about it a lot. Both of us want to do this, and yes, we are both scared, but I think that’s normal.”

 

“Does Daphne know everything?” Hermione asked, “About Teddy?”

 

Harry frowned, “What do you mean?”

 

“I mean, does she know about his werewolf genes, about what that could mean in the future?”

 

Harry’s frown deepened, “Well, she knows there’s a chance. I’ve told her all about Remus, but we haven’t had that exact conversation.”

 

“I think you need to,” Hermione said, “And I think you need to be honest with each other about this before you sign the contract. Talk to her about your fears and make sure that she tells you what’s making her nervous. This is a huge change Harry, for anyone, not least for two people who are so young.”

 

Harry sighed but nodded, “I’ll make sure we talk before we sign anything, I promise.”

 

Hermione smiled and grabbed his hand, “If it helps, I think what you’re doing is a beautiful thing. I just want to be certain that both of you are sure before you commit to it.”

 

Harry nodded again, “Thanks Hermione,” he said, he squeezed her hand, “You’re a good friend.”

 

 

“Morning, Theo,” Draco said brightly as he stepped out onto the Quidditch pitch with his friend.

 

“Morning,” Theo said quietly.

 

Draco frowned, “Are you alright?”

 

“I’m fine,” Theo said shortly, “I just don’t like Mondays.”

 

Before Draco could say anything else, Theo got on his broom and shot into the air. They never got a chance to talk while they were flying then Theo showered in a private cubicle to avoid Draco. He was starting to think he had done something to piss his best friend off because, by the time Draco was showered and changed, Theo had already left.

 

“Where’s your extra limb?” Neville asked as he and Harry fell into line with Draco.

 

“I don’t know,” Draco said, “He’s been short with me since I first saw him and I think he’s avoiding me too. I don’t know what I’ve done. I haven’t even seen him this weekend.”

 

“Maybe it has nothing to do with you,” Harry said, “It might just be because Sadie’s had to go back to Egypt.”

 

“I suppose,” Draco mused, “I had actually forgotten that was today…that makes me a pretty shit friend.”

 

“Nah, you have a lot going on right now,” Neville said, “We all do.”

 

They reached their first class of the day which was Disguise. It was always a good class to talk in because there was a discussion section, and as they all found this class easy, they didn’t usually need to discuss anything about disguise in that period.

 

“Right, what’s going on with you?” Harry asked Theo after Carter told them to discuss the pros and cons of disguising yourself as an animal.

 

“Nothing,” Theo muttered.

 

“Theo, we know something’s up,” Neville said, “Don’t pretend you’re fine.”

 

“Is it because Sadie left for Egypt again?” Draco asked.

 

Theo pressed so hard with his quill that it snapped, “She’s just acting insane right now! She was whining like a little girl yesterday about going back so I told her to get a grip and she just left, hours earlier than she was supposed to.”

 

“So, you fought?” Harry asked with a slight smile, “Because these things do happen after the honeymoon period, you know.”

 

Theo glared at him, “Shut up, Harry. Sadie and I don’t fight, not like you and Hermione do Draco.”

 

“We bicker and have heated discussions,” Draco corrected, “I mean sometimes we fight but not all the time.”

 

Harry shook his head in amusement, “All couples fight Theo, especially when relations are strained, and they will be right now. Neither of you likes this set up when you’re in different countries, so you’re taking it out on each other.”

 

Neville raised an eyebrow at him, “When did you become the agony aunt?”

 

Harry smirked, “Not so clueless now, eh, Nev?”

 

Theo ignored them and sighed, “It’s not so much that I hate being away from her. I do hate that, but I don’t like the way she’s acting right now. I get that she doesn’t like Egypt, but she’s so cranky and miserable about it. If that was me, I would just change career, and I don’t get why she’s making herself so unhappy.”

 

“Because Sadie isn’t you,” Draco said, “She doesn’t give up. Once she starts something, she wants to see it through. I think you’re right, about this course not suiting her, but it isn’t so easy for her to see that.”

 

“I wish it was,” Theo said miserably.

 

Before the other boys could give him any further advice, Carter appeared by their table, “So boys, any pros and cons to offer about disguising yourself as an animal?”

 

“You could get hit by a car and die,” Harry said.

 

Carter raised an eyebrow at him, “Really?”

 

“It happened to Nev’s Uncle Raymond,” Harry said sincerely.

 

Neville nodded, “He transformed himself into a cat to spy on his ex-wife, and she hit him with her car.”

 

Carter looked between them both for a moment; it was clear that she was trying to work out if they were lying or not.

 

“It was tragic,” Draco added.

 

Harry and Neville nodded.

 

“I am very sorry to hear that,” Carter said eventually, “Come up with some pros for me before we share our ideas with the others.”

 

They all nodded and watched Carter walk over to the other group, which consisted of Maxwell, Emily, Blanche and Ophelia.

 

“You don’t have an Uncle Raymond, do you, Nev?” Theo asked with a slight smile.

 

“Nope,” Harry chuckled, “But good work playing along there, Nev.”

 

“Flawless,” Draco laughed, “I almost believed you then I saw Harry trying not to smirk.”

 

Theo chuckled too, and for a moment, he forgot about how terrible he felt.

 

 

After lunch on Monday, the boys were supposed to have a potions lab. However, they were told at the start of the class by Auror McKay that their next task would be an interactive one.

 

“We are going to dump you in the rainforest,” McKay told them, “And you have to find your way out. You might not understand what this has to do with Potions but let’s call it a joint venture that Auror Brown and I have come up with. You will need to work out what is safe to eat, and you will need to make potions because I can guarantee that at least one of you will get bitten by something poisonous.”

 

Harry, Draco and Neville all looked at Theo.

 

“This task doesn’t have a time limit. If you’re stuck in there for over a week then we will extract you, and Sumner will probably kick you out too,” McKay said bluntly, “Your other halves and parents have been informed that you are partaking in a task for the next few days so don’t worry about that. Are there any questions?”

 

Blanche raised her hand, “Isn’t this just like isolation all over again?”

 

“There weren’t monsoons, poisonous snakes, killer spiders or paranoid Amazonian tribespeople in isolation, were there?” McKay countered.

 

“Is this real?” Ophelia asked, “Or is it a simulation?”

 

“Nope, it’s real,” McKay said, “You’re going to the real Amazon rainforest. You will all have to wear a tag which tells us your vital signs. If someone is genuinely about to die, then we won’t let that happen. You will also be discreetly observed and tested by myself, Auror Brown and Auror Sumner. Any more questions?”

 

They all shook their heads, so McKay clapped his hands together, “Alright then. We’re sending you in two groups. The first group is Potter, Longbottom, Black and Nott.”

 

The four boys shared anxious looks, Theo, in particular, looked very pale. Animals and plants weren’t his strong point, magical or otherwise.

 

 

“Holy shit, it’s hot.”

 

“It’s the rainforest, you idiot.”

 

“I didn’t know that it would be this hot though!” Draco exclaimed.

 

“Haven’t you seen any films set in the rainforest? Everyone walks around in shorts, not bloody robes,” Harry said with a shake of his head, “So the first thing I think we should do is this…”

 

He transfigured his black trousers into khaki shorts and his polo shirt into a vest top. Then he did away with his robes completely and transfigured his shoes into hiking boots. None of the others verbalised the fact that they thought this was a good idea, but they did all copy him.

 

“So…” Draco said while he looked at Harry, “What do you think we should do?”

 

“Why does it always fall to me?” Harry asked.

 

“In this instance, I think it’s because you just mentioned you’d watched movies about this stuff,” Neville said matter of factly.

 

Draco and Theo nodded.

 

Harry shook his head in amusement, “Well, we need to navigate our way out of the rainforest so we can get back to our other halves. While doing that we need to not die from exposure or the bite of any poisonous creatures out here.”

 

“Alright so four-point spell then?” Draco asked.

 

Something chirped behind them, and Theo jumped, “What was that?”

 

“Just a bug Theo, calm down,” Draco said.

 

Harry was frowning into the distance, “I don’t think a four-point spell will work.”

 

“Why not?” Draco asked.

 

“Because all it does is tell us where north is,” Harry said, he looked up into the dense foliage above.

 

“I know I’m not an expert when it comes to geography Harry, but isn’t north where we want to go to get us out of the rainforest?” Neville asked, “East or west will take us to the ocean.”

 

“We don’t know where we are in the rainforest though,” Harry said, “It covers a huge area. If we’re in the south, it would take days to get out if we travel north. Anyway, east and west would take us to a country before we got to the ocean.”

 

“Well, what do you suggest then?” Draco asked, “It’s not like we’re going to be able to get hold of a map out here, are we?”

 

“Even if we could, I doubt it would help us much,” Harry said honestly, “Apart from the Amazon river, there aren’t many landmarks. Everything looks the same.”

 

“That’s it!” Theo said, “The Amazon river runs from east to west.”

 

Draco’s eyes widened then he nodded, “If we can find the river, then we can follow it east or west to get out of the rainforest.”

 

“East would bring us out near French Guiana, and west would bring us out in Ecuador,” Harry said, he shot Neville a pointed look, “I studied Geography in muggle school.”

 

Neville snorted, “Don’t take it personally; it was just a comment.”

 

“Now, now ladies,” Draco said calmly, “Less fighting, more planning. How do we acquire a map of the Amazon rainforest in the middle of the Amazon rainforest?”

 

“We find a happy tribesman who will help us, and not eat us,” Harry replied.

 

“Eat us?” Theo asked nervously.

 

“Yeah Theo, they love to eat human flesh out here,” Neville said.

 

Harry rolled his eyes, “Don’t wind him up, Neville. He’s not going to be any use to us if he’s a nervous wreck.”

 

Branches rustled behind them, and Theo jumped again, “What was that?”

 

“Maybe it was a venomous tentacula,” Neville whispered.

 

“Neville!” Harry and Draco chastised in unison.

 

 

“Hey! Nice choice, I didn’t know that you liked sushi!” Daphne said as she sat down opposite Hermione in the restaurant.

 

Hermione smiled, “I just thought it would be a nice change from that boring café we normally use.”

 

“Plus you don’t want to discuss our other halves secret mission in the wizarding world, just in case,” Daphne whispered.

 

Hermione nodded sheepishly, “Yeah, that is pretty much it. Don’t you think it’s odd? That they are sending them on secret missions so early?”

 

Daphne shook her head and perused the menu, “No, it won’t be anything serious. It’s just a training mission.”

 

“Draco didn’t mention anything about training missions,” Hermione said.

 

“Probably because he didn’t want to worry you,” Daphne said, she looked up at her friend, “I assume he knows about them because Harry only found out when he read the book that Draco lent him.”

 

Hermione frowned, “I don’t like the fact he’s keeping things from me.”

 

“He’s keeping things from you to stop you worrying about him,” Daphne said gently, “He knows that you hate what he does. There’s a part of you that wishes he could be like Ron and have a safe, cushy job, isn’t there?”

 

Hermione scoffed, “There isn’t a single part of me that wishes he was like Ron.”

 

Daphne shot her friend a knowing look.

 

Hermione sighed, “I do hate his job sometimes, that much is true. I spent seven years at school, worrying about Harry, wondering when Voldemort was going to catch up to him and take my best friend away. Nobody paid me any attention before I met Harry and Ron, and Harry, in particular, became my closest friend, and I knew someone was trying to take that from me. Now all I do is worry about Draco and Theo. Every day I wonder what they are going to be put through and I know once they qualify, I’ll always wonder if they will both come home that night.”

 

“You’ll get used to that feeling,” Daphne promised Hermione, “The worry will always be there, but you’ll learn to live with it. I feel the same, even though Harry is the bravest guy around and the most competent wizard I know, I still worry about him.”

 

“So you’re worried too, about this training mission?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “They won’t let anything bad happen to them on a training mission. It’s a test which means they are constantly being observed; if anything goes wrong, they will pull them out straight away or send medical aid in.”

 

“Did they tell you where they had sent Harry?” Hermione asked. She didn’t look quite so tense now.

 

“A rainforest apparently,” Daphne said, “So assuming that they are all in the same place, Theo is screwed.”

 

Hermione laughed weakly, “I wouldn’t be so sure of that. He is unlucky with magical creatures, but he’s smarter than he looks.”

 

“I know he is, but as you said, he’s unlucky with magical creatures!”

 

 

“Ugh! What’s that?”

 

“That is a Boa Constrictor, don’t touch it,” Harry said slowly, “And remain calm.”

 

Theo backed off, but the snake continued to advance on him. Harry sighed and said, “I didn’t want to have to resort to this but…”

 

His friends watched him in confusion as he looked at the snake, screwed up his eyes and said, “Excuse me, that’s my friend and I would rather you didn’t eat him.”

 

To everyone else, this perfectly ordinary sentence came out as a series of hisses. The snake turned its attention from Theo to Harry.

 

“You speak my language?”

 

Harry nodded.

 

“I am hungry, and this one is full of fear. I enjoy eating those that fear me.”

 

“I understand that, but we are on a very important mission, and we really must make it out alive,” Harry explained, “Trust me, you have it better than some of your companions. I once met a Boa Constrictor in a zoo, thousands of miles from here. It was bred in captivity.”

 

“Better?” The snake hissed, “My entire family have been killed by poachers who want our skin. How is that better?”

 

“I’m sorry,” Harry said, he was now kneeling in front of the snake, and he was oblivious to the looks his friends were giving him, “I lost my family too. A dark lord took them all from me as a baby.”

 

“You are lonely too,” The snake said.

 

Harry shook his head, “Not anymore. I used to be, but then I met these people, they are my friends, and I would not like it if you were to kill them.”

 

“I would like not to be lonely,” The snake said.

 

“Well I will make you a deal,” Harry said, “If you stay with us and help us get out of the rainforest, I will take you home with me. I have a huge garden that you can live in, and there are plenty of animals in the woods behind the house so you will not be hungry.”

 

The snake cocked its head as if it was considering this proposal. Then it bowed its head in a nod, “Yes. If you would like to leave the rainforest, you are travelling in the wrong direction. We must go this way then we shall be able to follow the river.”

 

“Okay,” Harry said, “We will follow you.”

 

The snake bowed its head again, “Please tell the fearful one to be quiet. His loud sounds make my head ache.”

 

Harry tried very hard not to laugh, “I will. What is your name?”

 

“I have no name,” The snake replied.

 

“Can I give you a name?”

 

The snake bowed its head, “You may.”

 

“I think you look like a Dave.”

 

“Dave,” The snake hissed, “I like it.”

 

Harry smiled and got to his feet. When he turned around, it was to find Draco staring at him with an open mouth, Theo looking terrified and Neville looking vaguely amused.

 

“I thought you couldn’t do that anymore,” Neville remarked.

 

“So did I,” Harry admitted, “But then I was at the zoo with Teddy, and this snake started talking to me, so I tried to talk back, and it worked. I guess it’s like riding a bike…once you know how to do it, you never forget.”

 

“And what exactly were you and the snake talking about?” Neville asked.

 

“Oh his name is Dave,” Harry said conversationally, “And he was just telling me that we were going in the wrong direction if we were trying to find the river. He said he was lonely, so I said if he got us out of the rainforest, I would take him home with me.”

 

Neville snorted, “Right, cause Daphne is going to love that…”

 

“Oh, she’ll come around,” Harry said with a wave of his hand. He looked at Draco and Theo, “Are you two ready? Cause Dave is waiting for us.”

 

“You just had a conversation with a snake,” Draco said in awe.

 

“Called Dave,” Harry said with a nod, “Yeah, catch up. Are you coming?”

 

Draco nodded. He grabbed Theo’s arm and began to drag his partner along. They had barely moved from the clearing they had found Dave in when Theo yelped after seeing a butterfly.

 

“Theo, Dave asked me to tell you to be quiet,” Harry said, “You’re giving him a headache.”

 

Neville smirked, “Yeah Theo, shut up. You’re giving the snake a headache.”

 

Theo swallowed hard and whispered to Draco, “The snake talks.”

 

Draco nodded, “And Harry replies.”

 

“Thank Merlin, you heard that too,” Theo whispered, “I thought I was going insane.”

 

 

“I wonder where Neville is right now…”

 

“Who knows,” Lucille said, “He could be on a secret mission anywhere. Maybe he’s saving the world right now, and we don’t even know it.”

 

“I doubt he’s saving the world since he’s only just started his training,” Savannah pointed out, “No offence Lil.”

 

Lilly laughed and shook her head, “None taken. He has just started his training, but he sort of already has saved the world…or Britain at least.”

 

“Maybe he did save the world,” Lucille mused, “Who knows what would have happened next if Voldemort had taken over Britain.”

 

“Europe would probably have been his next target,” Michael said, they were all in the common room, but nobody felt like studying.

 

“Like Grindelwald,” Charlotte added.

 

“Grindelwald had Europe, but he could never really get Britain,” Michael said, he looked up from his book, “From the outside, Britain is hard to crack because of how tight your security is. Voldemort had it worked out, the way to bring Britain down is through its own corrupt institutions.”

 

“I didn’t know you were into politics, Michael,” Lilly said.

 

Michael shrugged, “I like to follow current affairs.”

 

“You are right though, about the institutions being corrupt,” Lilly said, “That hasn’t changed since Voldemort was killed. There are still dirty Aurors in the Ministry and some officials whose loyalties were questionable during the war. My friends and I are planning to change that; they just need to take their seats on the Wizengamot first.”

 

“How many friends do you have who are heirs to seats on the Wizengamot?” Michael asked. He sounded impressed.

 

“A lot,” Lilly admitted with a slight smile, “Neville has a seat and so do Harry, Draco, Theo and Susan. The problem with our system is that a law needs the majority to be passed and with the seats allocated as they are at the moment, the people trying to push the good things through don’t have enough support to do that. Once my friends have taken their seats, things will change.”

 

Michael smiled at her, “So what you are saying, is that you are part of a political revolution. That’s the coolest thing I’ve ever heard Lilly!”

 

 

By Wednesday night, the boys had made significant progress. They had found the Amazon River, and they had been following it for hours. Dave assured them that it wouldn’t be long until they were out, maybe another day at most.

 

Things had been going fine until they reached an area of very thick foliage. As they traversed through the rainforest, they had trees and bushes brushing by their legs and arms.

 

“Ouch!”

 

Everyone turned to look at Theo, who had jumped out of his skin, “What now?” Neville asked irritably.

 

“Something bit me! Something bit me!” Theo said as the colour drained from his face.

 

“What?” Draco asked sharply.

 

“Where?” Neville asked at the same time.

 

“I don’t know! There!” Theo exclaimed.

 

Neville inspected the spot on Theo’s leg and sighed, “Theo, you idiot!”

 

“What is it?” Theo asked, “Am I going to die? Oh, Merlin, I’m going to die.”

 

“Theo, you aren’t going to die,” Neville said in exasperation, “It was-”

 

“I’m going to die, and the last thing I did was argue with Sadie,” Theo warbled on, “I’m going to die without getting to say a proper goodbye. Her last memory of me is going to be an argument.”

 

“No, it isn’t,” Neville said firmly, “Because you just got a little nip from a giant beetle.”

 

“Oh,” Theo said sheepishly.

 

The others sniggered. Harry opened his mouth to insult his friend, but before he could, he felt a sharp pain in his leg, “Ow! What was that?”

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “Hilarious Harry.”

 

“I’m not joking Theo,” Harry began to say. Dave interrupted him by hissing at something in the bushes that they couldn’t see.

 

There was another hiss then Dave re-emerged and hissed something at Harry.

 

“Rattlesnake? Is that bad, Dave?”

 

“You don’t need to ask Dave, yes that’s bad!” Neville exclaimed, “They are the most poisonous snake in this place, you bloody idiot!”

 

“I didn’t ask it to bite me!” Harry pointed out.

 

“Shut up,” Neville said shortly, “We need to get you somewhere safe so I can brew up a remedy. Otherwise, you have a few short, painful hours to live.”

 

“Neville!” Draco exclaimed, “You’re supposed to be the supportive one here. You know the one who tells Harry that it will all be fine, we’ll find a remedy and everyone will live happily ever after.”

 

“Since when is that my job?” Neville asked. He lifted Harry from one side, “Get him on the other side. I don’t want him putting pressure on his leg.”

 

“As my Auror partner, it probably should be your job,” Harry said through gritted teeth, “And this hurts like hell already.”

 

“Pain is the least of your problems,” Neville said as they reached a clearing, “Soon you're going to start feeling numb. It will start in your fingertips and your toes, and if we can’t get a remedy together before the paralysis reaches your neck, then you will probably go blind and lose the ability to talk. If we can’t find a remedy in a couple of hours, you will have respiratory paralysis which means-”

 

“I’ll suffocate, yeah I’m not an idiot Nev,” Harry said, “So just tell me how we’re going to find this cure, please.”

 

“We need to make an antivenom and inject you with it,” Neville said quickly, “You should know that Harry. This isn’t your first snake bite.”

 

“That’s true, you do have a habit of being bitten by snakes,” Draco agreed, “First the Basilisk then Nagini, now this.”

 

“I get bitten by a snake lots Draco,” Harry joked weakly, it was difficult to joke with pain coursing through his body, “She’s called Daphne.”

 

“Try not to talk, it might make you feel worse,” Neville said. He had his eyes shut tightly, “And I’m trying to remember how to make antivenom, so silence would help.”

 

Harry obliged and stopped talking, but when he wasn’t distracted, all he could think about was how bad the pain was.

 

“We need antibodies,” Draco said, “From an animal immune to snake venom.”

 

“What animals that live in the rainforest are immune to snake venom?” Neville asked the Slytherin.

 

“A Mongoose,” Theo piped up, out of nowhere.

 

“And how the hell do we find a tiny Mongoose in this place?”

 

Dave hissed in response.

 

“Dave says he can find one, but can he eat it when you’re done please?” Harry said, his eyes were shut tightly, and his teeth were gritted.

 

“Dave can do whatever he wants to it, as long as we can use it to save your life first,” Neville said. He looked at the snake, “Go find us a mongoose, Dave.”

 

The snake bowed its head in a nod and then slithered away.

 

“While Dave is finding our mongoose, let’s work out our next step,” Draco said calmly, “Does anyone know what we do with the mongoose when we get it?”

 

“Yeah, how exactly do we extract antibodies?”

 

“They will be in the blood,” Theo said, “So we need to take blood from the mongoose, a lot of blood.”

 

“We need to kill it, basically?” Draco asked.

 

“Yeah,” Theo admitted, “I think we’ll have to kill it. Once we have the blood, I think we’ll need to use a basic extraction spell and modify it. I think I can do it, but I’ll need to write it down in case I mess up.”

 

“This is when being good at Arithmancy comes in,” Neville realised. He watched Theo transfigure a couple of bits of wood and grass into a notepad and pencil.

 

“Who knew spells were made with maths,” Harry agreed quietly.

 

Neville looked over at him, “Where is the pain?”

 

“Every single muscle in my body,” Harry replied.

 

“And can you feel your fingertips?”

 

“I can’t feel my right hand,” Harry admitted, he tried to clench both of his fists, but only his left one moved.

 

“And your feet?” Neville asked. He had already pulled Harry’s socks and shoes off in case his feet became swollen.

 

Harry tried to wiggle his toes, but none of them moved, “Try twisting your ankles.”

 

This time, both of his ankles moved, and Neville breathed a sigh of relief, “Let me know as soon as you lose feeling anywhere. It’s the only indication I have of how much time we have to do this.”

 

“I will,” Harry said.

 

“Okay,” Theo said slowly. He stared at the numbers in front of him, “I think this will extract the antibodies from the blood now. I just need to add in something about purification because if they are damaged upon extraction, then I don’t know how they will affect you… Draco will you look over this for me?”

 

“Spell modification isn’t my strong point, Theo,” Draco said, “I’m far better at using Arithmancy for curse-breaking.”

 

“No pressure then,” Theo said, he blew out a long breath and looked down at his notepad.

 

“Can we talk about something to distract me from the fact that I’m slowly being paralysed please?” Harry asked.

 

Neville glanced over at his best friend, “We could talk about my Order of Merlin.”

 

“You’re getting an Order of Merlin?” Draco asked in surprise.

 

“Yeah,” Neville said, “Didn’t I mention that last week?”

 

“No, Nev, you didn’t mention it,” Harry said.

 

“Unlike you, who rubbed it in everyone’s face,” Theo said without looking up.

 

“Don’t be mean to him,” Draco muttered.

 

“Why? Because I’m slowly losing feeling in every limb?” Harry asked sarcastically, “Don’t let that stop you.”

 

“You can’t insult a man on his death bed,” Theo said, “Even I am not that ruthless.”

 

“And Harry isn’t dying,” Neville said. He shot Theo a glare, “So the whole thing is irrelevant.”

 

“Nev is right,” Draco said, “Harry is a bloody cockroach. He would survive another big bang, and he’d still be a clueless prick.”

 

“Cheers mate,” Harry mumbled, “And we were talking about you Nev, not me. You’re getting an Order of Merlin, and that’s so great. Me and my sidekick getting our awards together…if I’m still alive then.”

 

“Okay Harry,” Neville said firmly, “A. You will still be alive then because you don’t survive Voldemort, a Basilisk, Voldemort again, Dementors, a werewolf, a Hungarian Horntail, Voldemort again, Death Eaters, Voldemort again, Nagini and Voldemort again just to get killed by a fucking rattlesnake.”

 

Harry would have laughed if he hadn’t felt like death warmed up.

 

“And B. I am not your bloody sidekick,” Neville added, “Do sidekicks get awarded 1st Class Order of Merlins?”

 

Harry smiled, “I’m really proud of you, Nev.”

 

“He’s acting a bit funny, don’t you think?” Draco asked slowly.

 

Neville nodded, “Slurred speech and slow thought, a bit like he’s drunk. The venom is spreading through his body a lot faster than I thought it would. We need that bloody mongoose.”

 

“Where’s Dave when you need him,” Theo muttered irritably.

 

“Are you nearly done with the spell modification?” Neville asked.

 

Theo nodded, “I’m done. I just need the blood then I can extract the antibodies. After that’s done, we will need to mix them with a simple serum and then we can inject it into Harry’s blood.”

 

“Right,” Neville said, “I know what serum you need so I’ll quickly canvas the ingredients and throw that together. Draco, keep him talking and if anything changes or he starts having hallucinations come and get me straight away.”

 

Draco nodded and sat down by Harry’s side, “So you and Neville are both getting an Order of Merlin, 1st Class. Outstanding bravery…I guess that makes sense. Hermione is getting the 2nd Class, you know?”

 

Harry didn’t open his eyes, “Is she? Why didn’t she tell me that?”

 

“She hasn’t told anyone, apart from me,” Draco said, “I thought it meant she wasn’t as worthy as you at first. But then I did some research, and I found out that each class is awarded for a different reason. Did you know that?”

 

“No,” Harry replied.

 

“1st class is for outstanding bravery or distinction in magic,” Draco told him, “Second class is for achievement or endeavour beyond the ordinary, and third class is for people who have contributed towards our store of knowledge or entertainment. I guess that’s why Hermione got a 2nd class rather than a 1st, but I think she did show outstanding bravery…”

 

“Me too,” Harry said quietly.

 

“Do you know if Ron is going to get one?” Draco asked.

 

Harry didn’t say anything or do anything.

 

Draco frowned, “Harry?”

 

Harry opened an eye, “I shook my head.”

 

“No, you didn’t,” Draco said, he was beginning to feel that same sense of panic as Neville now, “Can you still move your ankles?”

 

Harry tried, but nothing happened.

 

“What about your knees? Can you pull your legs up with them at all?” Draco asked.

 

This time Harry did manage to move both knees, “And your wrists, can you move them?”

 

Nothing moved.

 

“Your elbows?”

 

Harry tried, but only one moved. Draco swallowed, “Okay, open both of your eyes and shut them again.”

 

Harry did so.

 

“Try to nod or shake your head again,” Draco instructed.

 

This time, nothing happened.

 

“Try to move your neck,” Draco said.

 

Again, nothing happened.

 

Draco swallowed again and yelled, “Neville! You better get back here!”

 

It took Neville a few minutes to appear back in the clearing, but when he did, he had a basket full of various plants or flowers.

 

“He can’t nod or shake his head,” Draco said, “And he can only move one elbow.”

 

“What about his knees?” Neville asked quickly, “Did you check?”

 

“They are still okay,” Draco said.

 

“We have about half an hour, for some reason the venom is spreading twice as fast as normal,” Neville said, “Probably because of how many bloody snakes have bitten him in the past. Where the fuck is Dave with this fucking mongoose?”

 

An angry hiss came from the bushes, and Dave appeared.

 

“Dave says that your foul language is offending him,” Harry mumbled, “And he says he brought you the biggest mongoose he could find so you should be grateful.”

 

Neville rolled his eyes, “Dave has too much fucking sass for a snake,” he said as he took the dead mongoose from the snake.

 

The snake hissed again, and Harry hissed back feebly.

 

“Dave says if you don’t remember your promise to him, he will crush you to death,” Harry mumbled.

 

“Don’t worry Dave, you can eat the mongoose once I’ve drained its blood,” Neville said, “Draco, help me please?”

 

Between them, they made quick work of getting enough blood from the mongoose (and then tossing it to Dave) to make antivenom. Theo’s modified extraction spell worked, and 15 minutes later, they had an antivenom.

 

“I’ll inject it,” Neville said, he took the needle and injected it into Harry’s vein.

 

“When will we know if it is working?” Draco asked.

 

“It will take a few minutes, but the paralysis should gradually reverse,” Neville said, “Harry, can you hear me?”

 

Harry nodded.

 

“He couldn’t do that before,” Draco said sharply.

 

Neville blew out a sigh of relief, “Thank Merlin for that.”

 

Harry groaned, “I feel like I’m gonna-”

 

Theo made a face as Harry threw up into the bushes. “I’m guessing he was going to say vomit.”

 

Draco wrinkled his nose up, “Yep, I think so.”

 

“That’s good; it’s his body flushing out the venom,” Neville said.

 

“It’s not good, I feel like fucking death,” Harry complained, “I’m freezing, can someone transfigure me a blanket?”

 

“No, but I can give you a hug?” Theo suggested.

 

“I don’t want a fucking hug,” Harry complained.

 

“Oi, be grateful!” Theo objected, “My modified spell just saved your arse!”

 

“Yeah, you need to stop getting bitten by bloody snakes!” Draco agreed, “Hermione and Neville have both had to nurse you back to health after lethal bloody snake bites.”

 

“I’m not sleeping with you, though,” Neville joked.

 

Harry glared at him, “Why do snakes hate me so much?”

 

Dave hissed, and Harry smiled, “Aw Dave, that was cute.”

 

Neville shook his head, “Cute? You think a snake is cute after one just tried to paralyse you and make you die a slow and painful bloody death?”

 

“Dave said that he doesn’t hate me,” Harry said. Dave hissed again, and Harry said, “He said the rattlesnake tried to kill me because it was jealous that I was taking Dave home with me.”

 

“Right, that’s snakes for you,” Theo muttered, “Fucking bastards.”

 

Dave hissed indignantly.

 

“Dave said that was rude and that he would quite like to crush you to death,” Harry said.

 

“I don’t like Dave,” Theo mumbled.

 

“He doesn’t like you either.”

 

“I liked it better when you were dying,” Theo said irritably as he stomped into the trees, “At least you were bloody quiet then.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 

 


It was Hermione’s first day in the Auror office, and so far, she loved it. She already knew a few of the Aurors by name because they were generally quite friendly, but now that she was in their bullpen, they regularly stopped to chat when work was slow.

 

“No, Rob, I don’t think I can okay that.”

 

“But you have the authority to do so.”

 

“Yes, I have the authority to do it, but I don’t see why you need an Auror box,” Hermione told the Auror in question, “Nobody uses them anymore.”

 

“I’ll modify it,” He said.

 

“To do what?”

 

“Be a time machine, obviously.”

 

“Okay,” Hermione said with a smirk, “I’m a muggle-born, so no I will not release an Auror box to you so that you can become the next Doctor Who-”

 

She cut herself off when she saw Sadie step nervously into the department. Her eyes were bloodshot, and she looked ill, “Oh no…”

 

“What?”

 

“That’s my friend, I need to go,” Hermione said. She got to her feet.

 

“If I tell Spalding that you’ve gone home ill, can I have the Auror box?” He yelled after her.

 

“Yeah, sure!” Hermione replied. She grabbed her handbag and walked to the door to meet her friend, “Sadie! I thought you were in Egypt.”

 

“I’m meant to be,” Sadie said tearfully, “But I need you, Hermione.”

 

Hermione nodded, “I’m here,” she promised, “Come on, let’s go home and get the kettle on. Then we can talk.”

 

Sadie swallowed and nodded. She let Hermione hook her arm through hers, and they left the Ministry silently. Once they were outside, they apparated to Grimmauld Place, and Sadie unlocked number 11 by placing her hand on the door.

 

The two friends made their way into the kitchen, and Sadie sank into a seat at the table. She rested her head in her hands and took a deep breath.

 

Hermione put the kettle on the stove to boil and sat down opposite her friend. She reached across the table and took her hands, “What’s going on?”

 

Sadie looked up tearfully, “I think…I might be pregnant.”

 

“Yeah,” Hermione said softly, “I think you might be too.”

 

Sadie’s eyes widened, “You do?”

 

“You were really sick for a long time,” Hermione said gently, “I wasn’t convinced that it was related to Egypt, but I figured you would have known if you were pregnant. I mean, when did you last have a period?”

 

Sadie grimaced, “I’m going to sound so stupid, but not since the honeymoon. I just figured it was all of the travelling and-”

 

“It doesn’t sound stupid,” Hermione assured her, “I was on run for a year, remember? Travelling does mess them up. You’re not stupid, okay? But you could have done a charm to check.”

 

“I know,” Sadie said, she bit her lip and looked at Hermione, “But I’m scared.”

 

“Yeah,” Hermione managed a weak smile, “I bet you are. Do you want me to cast it for you?”

 

Sadie nodded, “I feel sick.”

 

“It’s the nerves, Sade,” Hermione said as she got to her feet, “If you don’t want to see the spell change colour, close your eyes.”

 

Sadie shut her eyes tightly, and Hermione cast the spell that revealed pregnancy. A grey smoke swirled around Sadie’s stomach; if she wasn’t pregnant, it would stay grey. If she was pregnant, it would turn pink.

 

Hermione bit her lip as the smoke began to change colour until it settled at a vibrant pink. She mumbled another spell which caused silver numbers to appear in mid-air. Hermione did some calculations then cancelled out the spell.

 

She put her wand down on the table and said, “Open your eyes, Sadie.”

 

Sadie did, and the moment she caught Hermione’s eye, she knew the answer.

 

“I am, aren’t I?”

 

“Yes,” Hermione replied quietly, “Eight weeks, Sade. It’s a miracle you hadn’t noticed.”

 

“Eight weeks,” Sadie said as tears rolled down her cheeks, “But that means…”

 

“Your honeymoon,” Hermione said with a sheepish smile, “Yeah, that’s when the baby was conceived.”

 

“Oh Merlin,” Sadie whispered, “But I’ve been travelling and drinking and – oh my god – I just-”

 

“You didn’t know,” Hermione said. She moved to the other side of the table so she could pull her into a hug, “And the diagnostic charm I just did was basic, but there were no alarm bells, so I doubt you did it any harm.”

 

Sadie sobbed, “But Hermione, I’m only 19! And this means my life is over!”

 

“No,” Hermione said firmly, “No, it doesn’t. Come on, Sadie; we should have this chat somewhere you can be comfy.”

 

She clicked her fingers, and a false door at the back of the pantry opened. Hermione half-dragged Sadie through the secret passage into the drawing-room then she forced her onto a comfortable sofa in front of the fire.

 

Sadie grabbed Hermione’s hand and pulled her onto the sofa next to her.

 

Hermione sighed as Sadie rested her head on Hermione’s shoulder, “What am I going to do, Hermione?”

 

Hermione sighed. She kicked off her heels, undid her tight bun with a flick of her wrist and got comfortable on the sofa, “What you are going to do, is stay calm.”

 

“How can I do that?” Sadie asked breathily, “What about my course? And what about Theo? He doesn’t even have job stability, and what is he going to say? Oh my-”

 

“Shh,” Hermione hushed her, “Panicking is bad for the baby. You need to just take a breath and calm down. You will have to drop out of your course, but that’s not the worst thing in the world. In fact, maybe it’s a sign, you hate it, Sade-”

 

“I know,” Sadie sniffed.

 

“And what you really want is to own your own apothecary,” Hermione continued, “So you could get a job in an Apothecary while you’re pregnant. I know Ichabod who runs the one in Diagon Alley, he’ll let you work whatever hours you want, and you would learn a lot.”

 

Sadie shuffled so that she could lie with her head in Hermione’s lap.

 

“As for Theo, you don’t have anything to worry about there, and I think deep down, you know that. This is just the panic speaking right now, but Theo has plenty of money regardless of job security and you know he will be shocked at first, but delighted. He has always talked about how much he wants a family.”

 

“Yeah,” Sadie said quietly.

 

“We’ll make it work, Sadie,” Hermione promised her, “The boys are on that secret mission, but it’s meant to last a week at most. I expect they will be home tonight and when they get home, we are going to sit down and tell Theo everything, and he is going to panic, okay? You know that, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t want this. He’ll just have a little cry, Draco will set him straight and tell him that he will be a wonderful Dad, and then he’ll apologise to you for freaking out.”

 

Sadie smiled, “You really are perceptive.”

 

“It’s a curse sometimes,” Hermione joked.

 

“Thank you,” Sadie said softly. She shut her eyes and took a deep breath.

 

“Anytime,” Hermione said, “Now, when do you need to go back to Egypt?”

 

“I have a week's sick leave,” Sadie replied.

 

“So we have a week to get everything sorted for you then,” Hermione said, “Starting with a hot bath, I think.”

 

“That would be nice, but I’m comfy,” Sadie yawned, “And I don’t sleep well in Egypt without someone to cuddle.”

 

Hermione smiled in amusement, “So you’re going to use me as a pillow for your afternoon nap then, yeah?”

 

“You’re just so comfy, Mione,” Sadie mumbled as she nestled into the dark-haired girl.

 

Hermione chuckled, “Once everyone knows, and Theo has had his little freakout, we’re going to get you to St Mungo’s for a check-up tomorrow. Okay? I know it’s not essential, but it wouldn’t hurt with all of the travelling that you’ve done.”

 

“Uh-huh,” Sadie yawned. She reached up and grabbed Hermione’s hand then slipped into an uneasy sleep.

 

 

“Is that light?”

 

“The trees are definitely thinning out up ahead,” Neville said, “Dave, is that the end of the rainforest?”

 

Dave hissed, and Harry nodded, “He said yes, we’re nearly out.”

 

“Thank Merlin for that,” Theo said, “We’ve been in here for days. I need to get home and floo Sadie to apologise.”

 

“I’m sure she feels as guilty as you do about your last conversation,” Draco assured Theo.

 

“I hope so,” Theo said, “But she’s been miserable lately. I’ve been wracking my brain in here to come up with alternative job options for her.”

 

“Did you come up with any?” Harry asked.

 

Theo shrugged, “Nothing I know she would definitely want to do. She loves reading and writing though, so I thought maybe an author or a researcher?”

 

“Hermione thought about being a researcher,” Draco mused, “But she said she loves reading books, and researching all of the facts that go into them would ruin that for her.”

 

“I didn’t think of it like that,” Theo admitted, “The thing is, Sadie is smart enough to do pretty much anything she wants, but she’s pretty picky about what she does want to do.”

 

“You know how to pick them, Theo,” Neville joked.

 

Theo smiled slightly, “She’s a pain in the arse, but she’s my pain in the arse.”

 

Harry snorted, “Is that as romantic as you get?”

 

“Guys, look,” Neville said eagerly.

 

They were in full sunlight now. They walked a little faster and then with a collective sigh of relief, they realised that they had managed to escape the rainforest.

 

“We’re out!” Theo cheered.

 

“What now?” Draco asked. He looked around, “Do we just wait for them to pick us up?”

 

In answer to his question, a portal appeared in front of him. On the other side, Sheppard stood to wave them through.

 

“I guess that answers your question,” Harry joked as he stepped through the portal. The others all followed his lead, and once they were all through, the portal vanished.

 

“Welcome home boys,” Sumner said. They were standing in the office that he shared with Sheppard.

 

“Please tell us we weren’t the last ones out,” Draco said.

 

“You were, the other group came back a few hours ago,” Sheppard said.

 

“But you would have finished first if someone hadn’t been bitten by a rattlesnake,” Sumner said, he looked pointedly at Harry.

 

“Sorry, Sir,” Harry said sheepishly.

 

“As it is, you still pass this test,” Sumner continued, “Aurors McKay and Brown were both pleased with how you did in there. You were particularly well commended by Auror Brown for coming up with that antivenom as quickly as you did.”

 

“And Auror Carter highly commended you on your spell modification Recruit Nott,” Sheppard added.

 

Theo smiled proudly.

 

“So overall boys, it was a good job. The rest of you can head home, but I need to question Potter about why he brought a Boa Constrictor into my office.”

 

Dave looked up lazily from where he was sleeping on Harry’s shoulders. The other boys tried their best not to snigger as they left the office.

 

Harry glanced up at the clock, partly to avoid meeting Sumner’s eye and partly because they had genuinely lost track of time in the rainforest. It was just before 5 pm, and he couldn’t wait to get home to Daphne.

 

When the door shut behind the other three boys, Sumner turned his attention on Harry, “An explanation please Potter?”

 

Harry cleared his throat, “Well, this Boa Constrictor is actually called Dave. His entire family were killed by poachers who wanted their skin to use as a fashion accessory. So Dave was lonely, and I was talking to him about how I was lonely too-”

 

“You speak parseltongue,” Sheppard said.

 

“Uh, yes sir,” Harry said, “It’s a long story, but when Voldemort tried to kill me he transferred a bit of his soul into me, and it lived in me for 17 years. When I walked to my death to sacrifice myself for the people I loved, Voldemort tried to kill me, but he actually killed the piece of himself in me. It’s soul magic and love magic, so the whole thing is pretty complicated.”

 

“How does that translate into you being able to talk to snakes?” Sumner asked bluntly.

 

“Well,” Harry said, “I sort of developed some of the abilities that Voldemort had. One of which was being a Parselmouth. After the bit of his soul in me died, it didn’t come as easily to me, but I guess it’s like riding a bike. Once you know how to do it, you never forget.”

 

“Right,” Sumner said slowly, “So the snake-”

 

“Dave,” Harry corrected.

 

“Dave,” Summer said with a frown, “Told you he was lonely?”

 

“Yes sir, so I asked him if he could lead us out of the rainforest if I promised to take him home with me,” Harry said, “And he did get us out of the rainforest.”

 

Dave hissed.

 

“He says he also saved my life because he found the mongoose that they got the antibodies from,” Harry added.

 

Sheppard raised an eyebrow in Sumner’s direction.

 

Sumner looked Harry dead in the eye and said, “Son, are you taking the piss?”

 

“No sir, Dave is genuinely a lonely snake who I feel a lot of empathy for,” Harry said, “And I really can talk to snakes which I hope won’t make you view me in a negative light. I know that people view it as a bad thing because of Salazar Slytherin.”

 

Sumner shook his head, “I wasn’t worried about that Potter. I was more concerned with the giant snake you brought home with you. Are Boa Constrictors even legal as pets in this country?”

 

“Uh…shouldn’t I be asking you that, sir?” Harry asked.

 

He was sure he heard Sheppard snigger before he replied, “Yes, it is legal to keep them as pets, but there are rules. You need a permit so that we can find you if your snake kills someone and you need to put certain security measures in place to ensure the snake can’t escape from your property.”

 

“Thank you, Sheppard,” Sumner said with a nod, “I am afraid that reptile care is not my speciality.”

 

“My brother keeps snakes and lizards,” Sheppard informed Harry, “I can put you in touch with Garry at Reptile Control, it’s in the backroom of Eeylops. He will need to come out and do some inspections then help you put all of the security in place.”

 

Harry smiled at Sheppard, “Thanks, Sir, that would be really helpful.”

 

“Right then Potter,” Sumner said finally, “Get yourself home. We will see you tomorrow morning.”

 

Harry nodded and thanked the two men, then left the office. He got quick a few funny looks as he traversed through the training centre with a huge snake sleeping on his shoulders.

 

 

“Harry, is that you?”

 

“What other men have been casually walking into my house this week?” Harry joked as he followed Daphne’s voice into the kitchen.

 

“Very funny. I haven’t cooked for two because I didn’t know when you would be-” Daphne turned around from the pasta pot and dropped the ladle in her hand, “Why the fuck do you have a huge ass snake around your neck?”

 

Dave lifted his head slightly and hissed feebly.

 

“His name is Dave, and he’s not too happy about the fact you woke him up,” Harry said, “Hang on, let me just explain to him who you are.”

 

Daphne stared at her fiancé in disbelief as Harry looked the snake in the eye and began to hiss at it. The snake hissed back, and a full-blown conversation was had, of which Daphne understood nothing.

 

“He apologises, he didn’t realise that you were his master's fiancé,” Harry said once he and Dave had finished talking.

 

“His master?” Daphne asked, “Harry, that better not mean what I think it means.”

 

“He was lonely!” Harry exclaimed, “I couldn’t just leave him out there in the rainforest all alone. His entire family were killed by poachers who wanted their skin, just like my entire family are gone. He helped us out of the rainforest, you know?”

 

“I don’t care if he helped you out of the bloody rainforest,” Daphne said hotly, “We can’t have a giant snake living in our house. We have a toddler!”

 

“We don’t have to worry about that, he won’t hurt Teddy,” Harry promised. He looked at the snake and asked it in parseltongue, “You won’t hurt Teddy, will you Dave? He’s my son, or at least he will be soon when we adopt him.”

 

Dave shook his head slowly and hissed, “No master. I will not hurt anyone that you love. I will only hurt those who seek to hurt you.”

 

“I wish I had met you years ago when I knew lots of people like that Dave,” Harry hissed solemnly. He looked up at Daphne once more, “See?”

 

“No, I don’t see, because I don’t speak fucking parseltongue!” Daphne said a little hysterically.

 

“He said he won’t hurt anyone that I love, only those who seek to hurt me,” Harry translated, “So you and Teddy don’t need to worry.”

 

“Great so he’s going to crush anyone who hurts you to death?” Daphne said with a shake of her head, “Unbelievable!”

 

“Daphne, I didn’t think you would be so against the idea,” Harry admitted, “Do you have something against snakes?”

 

“I don’t think having a huge snake in the house is a great idea when we have a toddler,” Daphne said hotly, “And I have had a very stressful day, so you picked a terrible time to come home with a giant fucking snake!”

 

“His name is Dave!” Harry exclaimed, “Why do people keep calling him a giant fucking snake? He has a name, you know? He has feelings.”

 

“Oh for the love of Merlin!” Daphne said. She put the pasta pot down on the table a little violently, “I am so fucking sorry that I didn’t know Dave had fucking feelings, Harry!”

 

“Daph, calm down,” Harry said gently. He set Dave down on the floor and walked over to her, “He won’t be in the house. I’ll get Nev’s help, and I’ll create a little cabin for him in the garden. I’ll get Hermione to use one of those climate charms to recreate the rainforest. I’ll go out and visit him, but you and Teddy don’t have to worry.”

 

Daphne shook her head in disbelief, “I give up.”

 

“Daphne-”

 

“I am not in the mood, Harry!” Daphne exclaimed as she stalked up the stairs.

 

Harry sighed and turned to Dave, “I swear, she’s not normally like this. She’ll warm to you when she gets to know you.”

 

Dave hissed, “I will not eat the child. They do not fulfil my hunger.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry grimaced, “I’m just…I’m just not gonna pass that one on Dave.”

 

 

When Draco and Theo reached Grimmauld Place on Thursday evening, they were both exhausted and looking forward to a night in their own beds. They both went into number 12, Theo was intending on having a brief chat with Hermione, then heading home to floo Sadie.

 

When the door clicked shut, Draco called, “I’m back, love!”

 

“Is Theo with you?” Hermione’s voice floated down the stairs.

 

“Yeah,” Draco called back, “Why? Do you need him?”

 

“Yes! Come up to the drawing-room.”

 

Theo frowned at his best friend, “Do you think everything is okay?”

 

“I hope so,” Draco muttered. They jogged up the stairs together, and both of them got a shock when they saw two people in the drawing-room.

 

“Sadie!” Theo exclaimed, “You’re meant to be in Egypt.”

 

“I know,” Sadie said. She had stopped crying, but her eyes were still bloodshot and puffy.

 

“She’s got a week-long sick line,” Hermione said, her eyes met Draco’s.

 

Draco’s eyes widened with realisation.

 

“Why?” Theo asked as he knelt in front of her, “What’s wrong?”

 

Sadie bit her lip, and Hermione whispered, “Just tell him, Sadie, there’s no easy way to do this.”

 

Sadie looked at her husband and said, “I’m pregnant, Theo.”

 

Theo didn’t know what to say to that. He stared at her, completely frozen in shock. He opened his mouth, “You…you…”

 

Sadie shut her eyes tightly, expecting the inevitable freak out.

 

Draco crossed the room swiftly and pulled Theo to his feet. He pulled his best friend into a hug roughly and said, “Don’t freak out.”

 

“Pregnant,” Theo breathed.

 

Hermione put an arm around Sadie, “Eight weeks. It happened when you were on your honeymoon.”

 

“Go figure,” Draco said, patting Theo on the back.

 

Theo pulled away and began to pace the room, “Eight weeks so its due in March…well that’s a good star sign…it’s not too cold, not too hot, but probably the best time to be pregnant. It would be horrible to be pregnant in the middle of summer-”

 

“Theo-”

 

“But this is good. It’s good. It’s a surprise; I mean, how did we even? On that night in Paris with the wine…oh bugger, it must have been that night…but it’s good. If it’s a girl we can call it Almina, I always wanted to do that. I mean as long as Sadie’s okay with that-”

 

“Theo-”

 

“And I mean we’re young, but I’ve got enough money. I just need to get through training, but what if I get kicked out? What do we do then? Well, I could do other things, I am smart enough-”

 

Hermione got to her feet and slapped him, “Theo! Shut up.”

 

All three of them watched him warily. This could go one of two ways, he could hug Sadie and come to his senses or he could –

 

“Oh fuck, who am I kidding? I’d be a shit Dad, look at the only role model that I had. Sadie, you’d be better off leaving me.”

 

“Theo-”

 

“No, no, that’s a dick move. I’ll leave you, but I’ll give you money. You can raise the kid with Draco and Hermione, that would be better for everyone.”

 

“No, it wouldn’t!” Sadie snapped as she got to her feet.

 

“Calm down,” Hermione said sternly, “You have a baby to look out for, and you already have high blood pressure, so sit down in that chair right now.”

 

Sadie sat down and crossed her arms.

 

And Theo burst into tears.

 

Draco sighed and drew him into a hug, “It’s going to be alright, Theo. You remember what you said to me when I freaked out after Pansy told me she was pregnant?”

 

“Not to drown yourself in the shower cause a bath would be better?” Theo asked tearfully.

 

“After that,” Draco chuckled, “But it’s good to know you haven’t lost your sense of humour.”

 

“I told you that you weren’t your father,” Theo mumbled into Draco’s chest.

 

“Exactly,” Draco said, “And you aren’t yours either. You are a good person, and you are going to be a great father. Remember everything that we talked about in isolation? About how we’re going to write the wrongs of our fathers? We’re going to show our kids that we love them, and we’re going to take them to Quidditch games, cheer them on, teach them that love is equal?”

 

Theo nodded and sniffed, “It’s going to be okay.”

 

“Yeah, it is,” Draco said. He glanced at Sadie over Theo’s shoulder, “Me and the guys will keep you on the straight and narrow at work, and we will all look after Sadie.”

 

“Starting with getting her to St. Mungos for a check-up tomorrow,” Hermione said pointedly.

 

“Are you going to take her?” Theo asked. He drew back from Draco and wiped his eyes, “Because I can’t see how either of us will get away with not going to training.”

 

“I don’t think I’ll get away with not going to work tomorrow,” Hermione admitted, “I managed to slip away today, but I had to give a crazy Auror a decommissioned Auror box to do that.”

 

“What the fuck?” Theo asked.

 

“Don’t ask, he’s Irish,” Hermione said with a wave of her hand, “The point is, I don’t see how I can get away with taking liberties like that two days in a row.”

 

“You do know someone who can get away from work whenever they want,” Draco pointed out.

 

“She’ll kill me though,” Sadie muttered.

 

“Sadie, I don’t think it will be that bad-”

 

“You weren’t there when she found out that Pansy was pregnant,” Theo cut in.

 

“That was different,” Hermione said pointedly, “Pansy was only 17, and we were in the middle of a war. You are 19; you are married. You haven’t done anything wrong.”

 

Sadie sniffed and nodded, “I know.”

 

“Bill lets her do whatever she wants,” Hermione added, “So going to the appointment with you wouldn’t be an issue.”

 

Sadie sighed and nodded once more, “Can you get her to come over?”

 

Hermione nodded and glanced over at Draco, “Would you do the honours?”

 

“Why do I have to do it?” Draco asked.

 

“Because she’s your crazy ex-girlfriend,” Theo joked weakly.

 

Draco didn’t even retaliate. He just walked to the fireplace and floo-ed Potter Manor. Theo sat down on the arm of Sadie’s chair and kissed her forehead, “We’ll get through this,” he promised.

 

Sadie nodded and bit her lip as Daphne stepped out of the fireplace.

 

“What’s going on?” She asked a little abrasively.

 

“I need your help,” Sadie admitted.

 

“With?” Daphne asked. She glanced at the three solemn faces in the room, “And what’s with the bodyguards?”

 

“With an appointment,” Sadie said quietly. She caught her best friends eye, “I need you to come to St. Mungo’s with me tomorrow because I’m pregnant.”

 

“Pregnant?” Daphne echoed.

 

“Yes,” Sadie said simply, “Eight weeks.”

 

“Eight weeks,” Daphne scoffed, “Your honeymoon?”

 

Sadie nodded, and Daphne looked up at Theo, “You idiot.”

 

“It’s not all my fault! She didn’t cast the charm either, it’s 50/50,” Theo objected.

 

“Yes, but you knocked her up, Nott!” Daphne said as she punched him in the chest.

 

Theo winced, “She’s my wife!”

 

“And? She’s only 19!”

 

“Who cares?” Sadie snapped.

 

All eyes were drawn to the usually quiet, blonde woman.

 

“Who gives a shit, Daphne? He’s my husband, and I love him,” Sadie said simply, “He will be a wonderful father, and this is what we wanted. Yes, we didn’t want it now, but if Tracey was here, she wouldn’t be yelling at me! She’d say, what's meant for you won’t pass you by.”

 

The words of her dead best friend softened Daphne. She pulled Sadie into a hug and murmured in her ear, “I’m sorry.”

 

“It’s okay, I knew you’d do it,” Sadie said, squeezing her friend tightly, “You did when Pansy told you she was pregnant too.”

 

“Yes, well,” Daphne said as she drew back, “Slytherin men are adept at getting their other halves pregnant at inopportune times.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “Thanks for that painful reminder, Daphne,” he said dryly.

 

“So will you take me to St. Mungo’s tomorrow?” Sadie asked.

 

“Of course I will you idiot,” Daphne said affectionately, “But right now, you need to go home and you need to get her set up in bed with a warm hot water bottle, not too hot because that’s not good for the baby. Make her a milky cup of tea and look after her, do you hear me?”

 

“Yes, Mum,” Theo said with a slight smile.

 

“Thanks, Daph,” Sadie echoed.

 

Daphne leant forward and kissed her on the cheek, “Get some rest, and I’ll see you bright and early tomorrow.”

 

Theo hooked his arm through his wife's, and they left the drawing-room.

 

“Thanks, Daphne,” Hermione said, “I would have taken her, but I already had to take today off work when she came home from Egypt.”

 

“It’s fine; it’s the least I can do,” Daphne said, she opened the balcony door and breathed in the fresh air, “Once upon a time, I would have been the person she would have told.”

 

“I’m sorry,” Hermione said sheepishly.

 

“No, don’t be,” Daphne said, she leant against the railing and looked out into the darkness as cars rushed by on the streets below, “I’m glad that she has you.”

 

“She has all of us,” Draco said as he joined them, “And she’s going to need all of us.”

 

“This isn’t going to be easy by any stretch of the imagination,” Hermione agreed, “We’re all going to need to check in on her and keep her occupied.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne said, she leant against the railing and said, “Just do me a favour and don’t get knocked up, okay? Because I can’t deal with anymore surprise bloody pregnancies.”

 

“Neither can I,” Draco admitted.

 

“I won’t,” Hermione said with a smile, “I’m extremely careful.”

 

“So am I,” Daphne admitted, “The last thing I need is a baby on the way and a toddler.”

 

“You’d be a sucker for punishment,” Draco joked, “Do you want to stay for a cup of tea?”

 

“No, I need to go home and kill my fiancé.”

 

“Why?” Hermione called as Daphne traipsed across the drawing-room.

 

“Because he brought a giant fucking snake home and we are adopting a toddler!” Daphne answered before disappearing into the fireplace.

 

“Yeah,” Draco said sheepishly, “He brought a Boa Constrictor home from our secret mission in the rainforest.”

 

“He did what?”

 

 

When Daphne stepped into the kitchen of Potter Manor and saw Harry feeding Dave a dead rat, she lost it.

 

“Oh for the love of fucking Merlin!”

 

Harry jumped, “What?”

 

“There is a fucking Boa Constrictor in my kitchen!” Daphne shrieked, “My future husband brought a giant fucking snake home, and my best friend is fucking pregnant!”

 

“Woah,” Harry said, “Start from the beginning.”

 

“There’s a giant fucking snake-”

 

“Yeah, I know. I swear I’ll build him a house tomorrow, so he’s not in your kitchen,” Harry said quickly, “Whose pregnant?”

 

“Sadie,” Daphne said, throwing herself onto a stool at the breakfast bar, “She got pregnant on their honeymoon. I’m taking her into St. Mungos for a check-up tomorrow.”

 

“Holy shit.”

 

“Yeah.”

 

“How are they both?” Harry asked.

 

“Shocked, but okay I think,” Daphne said with a shrug, “Hermione seemed to do a good job calming Sadie down today, and I’m sure Draco prevented Theo having a full-blown breakdown.”

 

“Is that why you’re so upset?” Harry asked knowingly, “Because Sadie told Hermione before you.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne admitted, “We used to be best friends, but now…”

 

“Things change, Daphne,” Harry said softly, “People grow apart, and other people come together. You and Lilly are closer now.”

 

“Not that close,” Daphne muttered, “And sweet Salazar, what I would give to talk to-”

 

The floo roared to life.

 

Floo Signature: Lillian Moon.

 

“- Lilly right now,” Daphne finished.

 

Harry chuckled, “Access granted.”

 

Lilly’s face appeared in the flames, “Hey Daph – oh my god! Why the fuck is there a Boa Constrictor in your kitchen?”

 

Daphne glared at Harry, “Thank you, Lilly! Thank you for being the only sane human in my bloody life right now! The Boa Constrictor is called Dave, and he brought him home from the fucking Amazon rain forest!”

 

“What the actual fuck, Harry?”

 

Harry scoffed, “Come on, Dave,” he said as he put the snake on his shoulders, “We know where we’re not wanted.”

 

“Women,” Dave hissed.

 

“It’s not too late to call the wedding off, you know?” Lilly’s voice said from the kitchen.

 

“Don’t fucking tempt me,” Daphne muttered in response.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“You okay, mate?”

 

Theo jumped, “So we’re showering together now, are we?”

 

“We’ve showered together since you joined the Quidditch team in third year,” Draco pointed out.

 

“Not in a private shower cubicle,” Theo muttered.

 

“Well, you’re avoiding everyone, they can tell somethings up,” Draco whispered, “If you’re not going to tell them, you need to get a bit better at acting.”

 

“I’ll tell them at the Founders Ball,” Theo promised, “But I just want to wait and see how the hospital visit goes today.”

 

“Alright,” Draco said softly, “It’ll be okay, you know? Try not to freak out so much.”

 

Theo sighed, “Easier said than done.”

 

“I know, I’ve been there,” Draco reminded him.

 

Theo caught his eye, “Yeah, I know you have. Sorry, man.”

 

“It’s alright,” Draco said as he grabbed a towel from the cubicle door, “Just keep your chin up alright? I know you’re worried, but we’ve got a whole day of classes then simulation to get through before we can go home and find out how today went and you’ve got to be on the ball.”

 

“Got it,” Theo said with a weak smile, “I will be.”

 

 

The simulation was easy that day which was a pleasant surprise after their week in the jungle. It meant they finished on time and apparated home straight away. They usually talked to Harry and Neville for a bit or took their time walking down the path, but they didn’t today.

 

As a result, they apparated into the alley seconds after Hermione did. She turned around and raised an eyebrow, “5.02 pm?”

 

“Yes, you can tell the time. Congratulations Princess,” Theo said.

 

Hermione swiped at him, but he ducked to avoid her hand, and they all stepped onto the street together, “Shut up, Theo. You must be worried about Sadie. I don’t think I have ever seen either of you get home before 5.15 pm.”

 

“Of course we’re worried about Sadie,” Draco mumbled, “Do you know how today went?”

 

Hermione shook her head, “Daphne sent me a Patronus at lunchtime and told me not to worry too much but that it would all be explained when I got home which is worse than if I’d heard nothing.”

 

“Yeah,” Theo sighed, “That doesn’t sound good.”

 

He put his hand on the door to number 11 and all three of them traipsed in. They headed up to the drawing-room, assuming that Sadie would want to be comfortable and sure enough, that was where they found the two girls.

 

“Hey, baby,” Theo said. He crossed the room and sat down next to his wife, “How is everything?”

 

“It’s okay,” Sadie said with a weak smile, “But it could be better.”

 

“Do you want me to explain?” Daphne asked.

 

Sadie just nodded.

 

“They are worried about her morning sickness,” Daphne explained, “She has it too regularly, so she’s dehydrated. They have given her strict instructions to drink plenty of water which I have told her she had better follow.”

 

Sadie rolled her eyes at this and Hermione bit back an amused smile.

 

“She also has high blood pressure which can lead to difficulties, so she has been informed to rest until it comes down. A Healer will be out every day to check on her until they are satisfied that she’s completely healthy,” Daphne said.

 

“So house arrest then, Sade,” Hermione said.

 

Sadie leant back against her pillows, “House arrest,” she agreed glumly.

 

“Well…” Draco said, “Could be worse, I guess? At least you have two houses to go-between.”

 

“And my library is your library,” Hermione added.

 

Sadie smiled, “I might do some researching and write a book. Just to pass the time.”

 

“You’d be a brilliant Author,” Theo said with a grin.

 

Sadie managed to chuckle, “I just need to decide what to write about,” she pointed out.

 

“I’m sure we could come up with something between us,” Hermione said cheerfully, “So any medication?”

 

“An iron potion once a day to help with the fatigue, but apart from that, bed rest and plenty of water,” Daphne informed them.

 

“And the baby is okay I’m guessing?” Theo asked, “Sorry if that’s stupid, I just don’t know what they do at these appointments.”

 

“Sadie is only two months pregnant, so it was a basic check today,” Daphne admitted, “They did a complete check-up on her and a basic one on the baby. But you’ll find out more in around a month at the next appointment at the hospital.”

 

“So book time off work for that one,” Hermione said pointedly as she looked up at Theo.

 

“I will,” Theo promised, “As soon as I’ve told my bosses what’s going on.”

 

“What’s happening with your course?” Hermione asked.

 

“They don’t know yet, but I’ll have to go back and tell them,” Sadie sighed, “Then they will kick me out, no doubt.”

 

“You aren’t going anywhere,” Theo said protectively, “They said bed rest, that means no travelling.”

 

“And especially not halfway across the world to Egypt,” Draco agreed, “You’ll tell them through the floo, and if they have a problem with that, they can take it up with us.”

 

Daphne smiled at the four of them, “I’m going to get home to Harry and leave you in the capable hands of these three, Sade. I swear at this rate I’m going to start calling you a quad.”

 

“Just don’t,” Sadie snorted, “Hermione and Theo were flirting at the dinner table the other night; I can’t take much more.”

 

“We were not flirting,” Hermione scoffed, “I was insulting him.”

 

“No you weren’t, you were complimenting me!”

 

“I think calling you a perfect Slytherin is an insult.”

 

“Well, I think it’s a compliment,” Theo objected.

 

Daphne laughed. She leant down and kissed Sadie on the cheek, “I’ll check in on you when I can and if you don’t feel up to it, do not come to the Founders Ball this weekend, okay?”

 

“Okay. Thanks, Daph.”

 

“Anytime,” Daphne promised with a smile. She threw some floo powder into the fire, stepped inside and said, “Potter Manor!”

 

“Right then, bed rest means bed!” Theo said. He clapped his hands, “Up you go, I’ll get Deeley to make some dinner. Something bland, yeah?”

 

“Yeah,” Sadie said with a small smile.

 

“And those two are gonna bugger off home,” Theo said, nudging his head in the direction of Draco and Hermione.

 

“Nice, Theo,” Draco joked, “Nice to know you only keep us around when you need us.”

 

“Ah well, us perfect Slytherins know how to delegate,” Theo said with a wink in Hermione’s direction.

 

“I swear to Merlin; I will obliviate you if you keep that up!” Hermione warned him, and they left the drawing-room to laughter from both of the Notts.

 

 

“Did you find out who your wife will be tonight?” Daphne asked when she heard the front door downstairs open. Harry had just been at the pre-dance meeting up at Hogwarts.

 

“You could have just asked who was playing Helga Hufflepuff,” Harry called from the entrance hall, “Where are you?”

 

“In the kitchen!”

 

Daphne heard Harry’s footsteps on the marble floor, and seconds later, he stepped into the kitchen, “Are you baking?”

 

“Hermione gave me a recipe,” Daphne said, “It can’t be that hard to follow. It’s just like edible potions, isn’t it?”

 

“Apart from the baking part, yeah,” Harry said with an amused smile, “And for your information, my wife for one night only is Susan Bones.”

 

Daphne snorted in amusement, “That could be interesting. What do you have to do?”

 

“Dance together when we go in and act as each other’s date for the night,” Harry said a little tentatively, “Assuming you’re okay with that?”

 

“I’m fine with that, it’s just for show,” Daphne said with a wave of her hand, “It does mean that I’ll be a loner all night though.”

 

“Nah you won’t,” Harry said while he set the kettle on to boil, “Lil is Rowena Ravenclaw, so you and Neville are going to go together.”

 

“Lucky me,” Daphne joked, “By the end of the night, I’ll have gone on dates with the chosen one and his sidekick.”

 

“Don’t say that to him,” Harry chuckled, “I need to go outside and feed Dave, are you sure you can finish that on your own?”

 

“I’ll be fine,” Daphne scoffed, “By the way, who is Hermione going to go with since Draco is Salazar Slytherin?”

 

Harry turned around and shot her a grin, “Ron offered to escort her.”

 

“Does Draco know that?”

 

“I may have inadvertently told him this morning,” Harry admitted sheepishly, “And his response may have been, oh for fuck sakes, can’t he let go?”

 

“I bet Theo and Sadie will hear the argument through the walls this morning,” Daphne joked as Harry disappeared from view.

 

“I bet! Can you add rats to the shopping list babe? I’m getting pretty low.”

 

“Tell Dave to eat less then! He’s already decimated the rat, mouse and shrew population of the bloody estate!”

 

“He’s a growing snake, Daphne! He needs his nutrition!”

 

“For the love of Merlin,” Daphne muttered under her breath as she added, “Rats for Dave” to the shopping list.

 

 

“Hey! How did it go?”

 

“Fine,” Draco said calmly, “Lilly and I discussed how awkward it was going to be to dance together tonight then her and Harry agreed that Neville and Daphne might as well go together so that they weren’t dateless.”

 

“That makes sense,” Hermione said.

 

“Out of curiosity,” Draco said in that same calm tone, “When were you planning on telling me that you were going with Ron?”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “Let me guess, Harry?”

 

“Harry told me, yes,” Draco said, “But I feel like it really should have come from you.”

 

Hermione sighed, “Harry only told you half of the story because Harry is great at hearing something and thinking he knows everything. Yes, Ron offered to escort me to the ball tonight, and I very politely told him no thank you.”

 

“Right,” Draco said, a little sheepishly, “Who are you going to go with then? Because I have to treat Lilly as my date all night.”

 

“I know,” Hermione said, “I had suspected that would be the case, so I had a back-up plan.”

 

“Which is?” Draco asked.

 

“Percy,” Hermione replied, “I had a feeling that Susan would be Helga so I figured that if that was the case, Percy and I could go together. At the very least, there will be sensible conversation all night.”

 

Draco grinned at her.

 

“What?” Hermione asked self-consciously.

 

“Only you would pick a dance partner for their ability to converse sensibly,” Draco said with a fond smile.

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “Sensible conversation is a key factor in choosing a partner; thank you very much.”

 

“Christ, why did you date Ronald Weasley then?” Draco joked, “I mean I can understand why you chose me. Beyond my dashing good looks and sex appeal, I’m very adept at sensible conversation, and I’m deeply emotional.”

 

Hermione smiled at him, “You’re an idiot.”

 

“I know,” Draco said, he kissed her on the cheek.

 

“But I love you,” Hermione finished, “For much more than your ability to sensibly converse.”

 

Draco laughed, “Come on, I need to make sure this costume fits. I don’t suppose you have a thing for roleplay?”

 

“Not with Salazar Slytherin.”

 

Draco raised an eyebrow, “That implies that you do in other situations…interesting.”

 

“That is not what I said Draco!”

 

 

When the ‘Founders’ met up in the annexe at the back of the great hall, Harry had to admit that they all looked pretty damn good. He thought he was rocking the whole, long brown hair thing even if Daphne had laughed at him. The Godric Gryffindor costume with its gold and scarlet lining and real fur cloak was also pretty neat.

 

His ‘date’ for the night also looked brilliant as Helga Hufflepuff. She was wearing a yellow and black ballgown and had her hair up in a styled bun. Susan managed to look the part almost as much as Harry did.

 

Lilly could have been Rowena Ravenclaw for all anyone knew. Her hair was back to the dark brown that he had always known it as, although she had promised Neville that it would be red again the next morning. The blue in her eyes matched the deep blue shade of her ballgown, and she looked the part more than any of the others.

 

Then there was Draco.

 

“You look every bit as slimy as the day I first met you.”

 

“Are we roleplaying here or are you just insulting me?” Draco asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“It’s scary how much you look like Slytherin,” Harry said in answer to the question.

 

“Hermione said I look foul with dark hair and that if I ever dye it, she’s going to leave me,” Draco said matter of factly.

 

The silver and green robes that Draco was wearing weren’t a million miles away from the kind of robes that Draco actually wore, but his hair was now a dark brown, so dark that it was almost black. It was also slicked back, which was what made him look so much like his old self.

 

“I don’t blame her,” Lilly said, “It does look awful.”

 

“At least my date for the night is as nice to me as my fiancé,” Draco joked.

 

Harry snorted in amusement, “You girls look great by the way. I mean Lil, you could be Rowena Ravenclaw for all anyone knew.”

 

Lilly smiled, “Thanks Harry, I can’t believe McGonagall actually asked me to play her.”

 

“It’s pretty exciting,” Susan agreed, “Although Percy weirded me out a little this afternoon when I was getting ready. He seems to really have a thing for me when I’m dressed up as Helga Hufflepuff.”

 

Harry and Draco guffawed and snorted with laughter, respectively.

 

“Thanks, Suse,” Harry grinned, “That’s going in the blackmail folder.”

 

“Harry!” Susan exclaimed.

 

“What do you expect when you give us a gem of information like that?” Draco asked while he chuckled.

 

“You, I expected it of, but I thought Harry was better than that.”

 

“You forget that two of my best friends are Slytherins and that my fiancé is a Slytherin,” Harry reminded Susan, “At some point, all of that sliminess had to rub off on me.”

 

Draco patted Harry on the back, “To quote that movie we saw this afternoon, I have trained you well young Padawan.”

 

Lilly shook her head in disbelief, “I can’t believe you managed to get him and Theo into Star Wars. I mean Neville, yeah I can believe that, but those two?”

 

Harry just shot her a grin. He didn’t have a chance to say anything further on the subject because the door opened, and McGonagall came in to tell them that they were required in the entrance hall.

 

All of the guests were already in the great hall, so all they had to do was walk in together and dance. Harry had done it so many times now that he didn’t feel nervous about it, not like he had that first time at the Yule Ball.

 

“Shall we get into character then, m’lady?” Harry joked as he held his hand out to Susan.

 

She laughed and took it, “Very well, my dear Godric.”

 

Draco shot Lilly an exasperated look, “We’re not doing that.”

 

“That’s fine by me,” Lilly said, she slipped her arm into his, “Because unlike my fellow bookworm, I never had an underlying longing for you. I genuinely thought that you were an annoying, smarmy prat.”

 

Draco snorted, “Fair enough. I was pretty annoying and smarmy, I suppose.”

 

“And a prat,” Lilly added, “Don’t forget that part.”

 

Before Draco could agree with her, not that he wanted to anyway, the doors to the great hall were flung open, and the show began. Harry and Susan walked in first with Draco and Lilly at their heels.

 

The students were at the back of the hall, and the guests of honour were at the front. Amongst them were Hermione, Percy, Daphne, Neville, Ron, Ginny, Bill and Charlie. There were other familiar faces too, but Luna was one that was notably missing. Harry supposed that she hadn’t been able to get over from South America with the short notice McGonagall had given them.

 

When the group of four reached the dancefloor, music began to play. Harry didn’t mind dancing these days, but he preferred doing it with Daphne. Dancing with Susan felt a little like a betrayal although he knew that Daphne didn’t view it that way.

 

“Who knew Godric Gryffindor was such a good dancer?” Susan joked.

 

Harry laughed, “Who knew Helga Hufflepuff was such a bad one? I thought purebloods were supposed to be good at this stuff.”

 

“We are, but my Aunt taught me, and she had two left feet,” Susan said, “My mother was the elegant one.”

 

“Oh,” Harry said, “I’m sorry, Susan, I was just having a joke with you.”

 

“I know you were,” Susan said, she smiled slightly, “But I was just giving you an honest answer. When did you get so good?”

 

“Daphne likes dancing,” Harry admitted with a smile, “So when I started going to balls and weddings with her, I had to learn to dance. Neville taught me…well, Neville and Draco really. Theo and Dean just laughed and took pictures.”

 

Susan saw the look in his eyes when he said Dean’s name, “You still miss him, don’t you?”

 

“I still miss everyone I lost in the war,” Harry said quietly, “But yeah, I miss some more than others, and Dean is one of them.”

 

Susan nodded and nearly tripped when Harry whirled her around, “What was that for?”

 

“It’s how the dance goes,” Harry said while he bit back his laughter. He didn’t think it would be in character for Godric Gryffindor to laugh at his wifes terrible dancing.

 

 

“He’s having too much fun,” Daphne said as she watched her fiancé with narrowed eyes, “Don’t you think Neville?”

 

“He’s probably just being friendly,” Neville said, “That’s what Harry does.”

 

“Friendly and flirty aren’t too dissimilar,” Daphne said.

 

“And Harry is totally clueless,” Neville pointed out, he handed her a glass of wine, “So friendly accidental flirting wouldn’t be out of the ordinary for him.”

 

“I don’t like it.”

 

“You agreed to it.”

 

“Dammit Neville, you sound just like him!”

 

Neville smirked, “Well, I am his Auror partner.”

 

Before Daphne could comment any further on the fact she didn’t like the fact that Harry appeared to be having too much fun, Hermione and Percy joined them.

 

“God, he looks awful.”

 

“Who does?” Daphne asked, without taking her eyes off of Harry and Susan.

 

“Draco,” Hermione said distastefully, “Dark hair just washes him out, he looks horrid.”

 

Neville sniggered, “Did you tell him that?”

 

“She told him that she’s going to leave him if he ever dyes his hair,” Daphne said with a slight smile.

 

“Some people just suit their look and shouldn’t change it,” Percy agreed, “I can’t imagine Suse as anything apart from a redhead.”

 

“She looks pretty good as a blonde,” Daphne commented.

 

“Oh yeah,” Neville remembered, “I forgot about that phase she went through in sixth year with the blonde hair.”

 

Percy looked at his girlfriend thoughtfully, “Hmm, I can’t see it personally.”

 

“Lil looked great with her dark hair when she dyed it,” Neville commented, “But I think she looks amazing with her natural colour.”

 

“You would do Neville, you like redheads,” Hermione said in amusement.

 

“How did you know that?” Neville asked.

 

“Everyone knows that Nev,” Daphne snorted, “You dated or had flings with about three within two years.”

 

“Okay Hermione, I get,” Neville said, “But how do you know about any of that Daph? And also it was two redheads and a blonde, just so you know.”

 

“She’s engaged to Harry Potter,” Hermione said with a raised eyebrow, “And everyone apart from you knows that he’s the biggest gossip in this friend group.”

 

Daphne shot Neville a smirk, “She’s right, I know because of Harry.”

 

Neville shook his head, “Honestly, this is totally against the Auror code of conduct.”

 

Percy snorted in amusement, “Code of conduct? Bounty hunters don’t have that; our code is attack first, ask questions later.”

 

“Go figure,” Daphne muttered under her breath.

 

Hermione shot her Slytherin friend an amused look but said nothing.

 

“Oh the dance is over,” Daphne noted, “I wonder if the great Godric Gryffindor will grace us with his presence now.”

 

“I’m not pretending that Draco is Salazar Slytherin all night,” Hermione said as her fiancé walked towards them, “He asked me to, and I started to wonder if he was into some weird roleplay about it.”

 

“If Harry thinks I’m going to pretend that he and Susan are married all night, he can jog on,” Daphne muttered under her breath so that only Hermione and Neville could hear.

 

“Hey Daph,” Harry said with a smile when he reached them, “How’s it going?”

 

“Fine,” Daphne said stiffly.

 

“How atrocious did my dancing look?” Susan asked them as she grabbed a glass of wine from the drinks table.

 

“From a distance, it didn’t look bad,” Percy promised her, “Even if my feet know how dreadful you really are.”

 

“She wasn’t that bad Perce,” Harry said.

 

“Wasn’t she?” Daphne muttered, again only Hermione and Neville could hear her.

 

Neville raised an eyebrow at Hermione behind Daphne’s back, and Hermione shook her head as if to say that she wasn’t getting involved.

 

“You hid how bad I was Harry,” Susan laughed, “I had no idea that you were such a good dancer.”

 

“Well you have me and Draco to thank for that,” Neville cut in, “We trained him up so that he could impress Daphne at the Yule Ball.”

 

“And it obviously worked,” Harry said, he shot Daphne a grin, “Since she’s marrying me.”

 

“Uh-huh,” Daphne said non-commitally.

 

Harry frowned at her and was about to ask her what was wrong. However, before he got a chance, Draco and Lilly reached them.

 

“Well,” Daphne said, “Hermione isn’t lying. You look awful with dark hair.”

 

“Seriously?” Draco asked, “Does anyone have anything nice to say about me?”

 

Almost everyone shook their heads, then Neville piped up, “Your robes look pretty cool.”

 

“Thank you, Nev,” Draco said in amusement, “Where are Theo and Sadie?”

 

“Not here yet,” Hermione replied, “I don’t know if they’re running late or just not planning on coming to be honest.”

 

“Maybe they’re just not coming because of the thing, you know?”

 

“What thing?” Susan asked.

 

“Uh…” Neville floundered, “This thing that’s going on with them.”

 

“You aren’t supposed to know about that thing,” Draco said, he narrowed his eyes at Neville.

 

“Yes,” Daphne agreed, “You aren’t.”

 

“Sorry,” Neville said quickly, “Does everyone else know about it?”

 

“Well, I know,” Harry said.

 

“So do I,” Hermione admitted.

 

“Well, of course, you know,” Neville said, “You four probably all found out at the same time.”

 

“Well, pretty much. But how do you know?” Draco asked.

 

“Because Daphne knew and she told Harry, then Harry told me,” Neville replied.

 

“Harry!” Daphne exclaimed.

 

“He’s my Auror partner!” Harry defended himself.

 

Hermione shook her head, “I’m assuming that if you know, then Lilly knows?”

 

“Of course Lilly knows, I tell her everything,” Daphne remarked.

 

They all looked at her, and Daphne crossed her arms, “What?”

 

“Since when?” Hermione asked.

 

“Since we talk over floo every night because you guys are all cosy in your little quad now,” Daphne countered.

 

“It’s not a bloody quad,” Hermione muttered.

 

“It is though,” Daphne said under her breath.

 

“In Daphne’s defence, she was also pretty stressed the night she found out because there was a Boa Constrictor in her kitchen and I had to talk her out of killing her future husband,” Lilly piped up.

 

“What are you all talking about?” Susan asked as she scanned the group, “Do you know Perce?”

 

“I have no idea,” Percy admitted.

 

Neville frowned, “I don’t think it’s really my place to say.”

 

“Say what?” A new voice asked.

 

They all swivelled around to see that Sadie and Theo had arrived.

 

“Nothing,” They chorused.

 

Theo narrowed his eyes at his friends, “That was weird.”

 

“We were just talking about uh…how bad a dancer Susan is,” Harry lied.

 

“What? You said I was good earlier!”

 

“I lied, sorry, Susan,” Harry said.

 

Sadie narrowed her eyes at them, “Is that really what you were talking about?”

 

“Yep,” Draco said.

 

Neville nodded, “Yeah, she’s dreadful.”

 

“Wow, thanks guys,” Susan muttered irritably.

 

Sadie sighed, “You all know, don’t you?”

 

“Know what?” Susan asked again.

 

Sadie ignored her and scanned her friends, “You all bloody know! How the hell do you all know? I swore Theo, Hermione and Draco to secrecy!”

 

“I didn’t tell anyone!” Theo said quickly.

 

“Neither did I,” Draco promised.

 

“And I’ve kept it to myself too,” Hermione finished.

 

Sadie turned to Daphne, “So how did you end up telling everyone else?”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Well, I told Lilly because Lilly is my Hermione, and I trusted her not to tell anyone. Just like I trusted my fiancé not to tell anyone, but he told his bloody Auror partner!” she glared at Harry for good measure.

 

“And no one told me, so please enlighten me, what the hell is going on?” Susan asked for the umpteenth time.

 

“Well since everybody else knows Susan, I might as well tell you too,” Sadie said irritably, “I’m pregnant okay? I’m 19, and I’m pregnant, and everyone is walking on eggshells around me because they think I’m going to have a mental breakdown about it but do you know what? I’m a married woman, and I am not ashamed so gossip about me all you want, but at least have the curtsey to do it behind my back!”

 

Before anyone could respond to that, Sadie stalked out of the hall.

 

Daphne shot Harry a glare, “Why did you tell Neville, you idiot?”

 

“I didn’t even tell Neville,” Harry muttered, “He had a hunch, and he knew he was right when he saw the look on my face.”

 

“Get better at disguising your facial expressions then, or you’ll be a terrible Auror,” Hermione retorted.

 

“Whose side are you on here?”

 

“At this point in time, not yours,” Hermione responded. She turned to Daphne, “Now, which one of us is going to follow her?”

 

“Better be you,” Daphne said. A hint of bitterness slipped into her voice, “You’re her girlfriend.”

 

Hermione shot her a dirty look and left the hall.

 

“Petty,” Lilly said from Daphne’s side.

 

“It was a bit,” Harry agreed.

 

“Hang on a minute,” Susan said with a frown, “Sadie is pregnant?”

 

“Yeah, catch up, Susan,” Lilly joked.

 

“Well if I wasn’t the last to find out then I wouldn’t have to,” Susan pointed out, “How long have you lot known about this for?”

 

“We only found out on Thursday,” Draco said.

 

“Yeah, that’s when I found out,” Daphne said, and Lilly nodded her agreement.

 

“I didn’t find out till Friday,” Neville chipped in.

 

Susan sighed, “So this is how it goes then? Those four have their little quad, and you're all in on it while I’m on the outskirts?”

 

“No, that’s not how it is at all,” Daphne said irritably, “Those four have their quad, and everyone else is on the outside.”

 

“It’s not a quad,” Theo said irritably, “That’s not even a thing anyway; it's just a word you invented.”

 

“And you’re being a right bitch,” Draco added, “This is like sixth year Daphne all over again.”

 

“Sixth year Daphne who was a bitch because her boyfriend turned out to be a fucking Death Eater?” Lilly cut in, “Cause sorry if its an unpopular opinion but that would make me bitchy too.”

 

Theo shook his head, “She’s acting like she did at the start of seventh year. Remember when she managed to divide our friend group in two all because she saw you kissing Pansy? She stalked off with her sidekicks, and I stuck with you.”

 

“Like you always do,” Daphne said irritably.

 

“You just can’t handle the fact that Sadie isn’t following you blindly anymore,” Theo snapped, “She has her own life and her own friends, and you aren’t the ‘It’ girl that everyone wants to be friends with anymore.”

 

“Guys,” Harry cut in, “This is getting out of-”

 

“That’s what you think, is it?” Daphne fumed.

 

“It’s the truth, isn’t it?” Draco interjected, “You loved it when Pansy died because you got to step out of her shadow. Daphne Greengrass, the ice queen with Tracey and Sadie in tow.”

 

“No,” Lilly cut in, “You don’t get to say that to her. Don’t you even dare accuse her of being happy that Pansy died. She was the one that kept you alive all fucking summer after that. Do you think she wanted to spend the summer with you sleeping in her bloody bed? She had her own life, she was going to go travelling with Tracey, but she stayed for you, so you had better shut your goddamn mouth.”

 

Harry nodded, “Say another word against Daphne, and I will duel you.”

 

Draco turned to Harry and said, “She’s being a bitch.”

 

“That’s it,” Harry whipped his wand out, and Draco retaliated.

 

“Great, Godric and Salazar are re-enacting the moment their paths diverged,” Neville muttered irritably, “And I’ve lost track of why this argument even started.”

 

“Because Sadie and Daphne have grown apart,” Lilly said quietly, “And it’s shit when that happens. When someone is so important to you, but then all of a sudden, they don’t seem to care.”

 

She looked Neville in the eye, and he sighed, “I’m sorry.”

 

“I’m just saying, I get it,” Lilly said. She grabbed Daphne’s hand and said, “Come on, while my fake Husband is duelling your fiancé; let's grab a bit of fresh air.”

 

Daphne let Lilly pull her away, and Neville looked over at Theo, Susan and Percy, “I mean…am I the only one who doesn’t know what the fuck just happened?”

 

“Daphne’s jealous, and when Daphne gets jealous she gets petty,” Susan answered, “I’m still pissed that nobody told me Sadie was pregnant.”

 

“I just can’t be bothered with the drama,” Percy said with a roll of his eyes.

 

“I just want Sadie to be okay,” Theo said as he sank into a seat, “And I don’t understand why we can’t all be friends without this whole ‘quad’ drama, it’s not even a thing.”

 

“It is a thing, it’s just not a magical thing,” Susan said, “A magical triad is a thing, a marriage bond but between three people. A quad is more like two marriages, where everyone co-exists. Doesn’t that sound like what you four do?”

 

Theo frowned, “No…”

 

“Stop lying to yourself,” Susan said.

 

Percy nodded his agreement, “Accept it for what it is. None of us cares, so why should you?”

 

Theo was left to contemplate those words as ‘Helga’ dragged Percy over to help her break up the duel between her ‘husband’ and his arch-enemy.

 

 

When Hermione caught up to Sadie, she was sitting on a tree stump by the lake.

 

“Hey,” She said as she sat down next to her.

 

Sadie didn’t say anything.

 

“I’m sorry that it got out of hand like that,” Hermione said.

 

“You have nothing to be sorry for,” Sadie grumbled, “You didn’t tell everyone then get bitchy with me.”

 

“She misses you, and she didn’t mean to tell everyone,” Hermione said, “She told Harry because he’s her fiancé, we all would have done that. Harry was stupid for telling Neville.”

 

“What’s her excuse with Lilly then?” Sadie asked irritably.

 

“Look at it this way,” Hermione said, “If you found out a big secret you would tell Theo, but who else would you want to tell?”

 

“You,” Sadie admitted.

 

“Exactly,” Hermione said, “I know it’s not the same, Harry and Neville aren’t as close as Draco and Theo, but they are still best friends and Auror partners. Daphne and Lil talk almost every night via floo, did you know that?”

 

“No,” Sadie replied sheepishly, “I feel like I should have. She’s meant to be my best friend.”

 

“Best friends are overrated,” Hermione said with a shrug, “Why can’t we all just have lots of close friends, huh?”

 

Sadie sighed, “Is that what we are, close friends?”

 

“I don’t know,” Hermione admitted, “Two people who have become very close because their other halves are in love is too long-winded an explanation.”

 

“Close friends is easier,” Sadie chuckled.

 

“But Daphne feels pushed out,” Hermione said, “And I think you can understand why.”

 

“Yeah,” Sadie sighed, “I can.”

 

“And she gets bitchy when she’s jealous,” Hermione added.

 

Sadie rolled her eyes, “She always has done.”

 

“That’s why Lilly is good for her,” Hermione admitted, “She calms her down when she feels she needs to, but she backs her up when she needs to as well.”

 

Sadie looked out over the lake silently for a moment, and Hermione fell silent too.

 

“Theo asked me if I wanted to keep the baby last night,” Sadie said.

 

“What?” Hermione asked, her head snapping up, “Why? Does he want you to…you know?”

 

Sadie shook her head, “No, but he wanted to make sure that we were on the same page and we are. I just feel like I’ll be judged for the rest of my life.”

 

“No, you won’t be,” Hermione promised, she grabbed her friend's hand, “You’re young, but you’re married, and you’re sensible. You’ll be a brilliant mother.”

 

“Sensible?” Sadie laughed weakly, “I’m going to be a teenage mother.”

 

“Oh, hardly,” Hermione scoffed, “Your due date is the 4th of March and your birthday is the 19th of March. You’ll be a teenage mother for a few weeks then you will be 20.”

 

“True,” Sadie mused

 

“It’s going to be okay, Sadie,” Hermione promised her friend, “And if anyone judges you, if anyone says anything, Theo or Draco will set them straight.”

 

“Yeah,” Sadie said, she wiped her eyes, “But I need to apologise to Daphne…I’ve been neglecting her a bit.”

 

“I’m sure she’ll understand, once she cools down,” Hermione assured Sadie.

 

 

“I hate Sadie,” Daphne muttered irritably.

 

“No, you don’t,” Lilly said calmly.

 

“No, I don’t,” Daphne agreed as she leant against one of the stones in the stone circle.

 

“You’re jealous.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne agreed, “I am.”

 

“You feel like you’re losing touch with your best friend,” Lilly said, “But that’s not actually what’s gotten you so upset. It’s not about Sadie so much; it’s about Tracey.”

 

Daphne looked up sharply, “What do you mean?”

 

“It was always you, Sadie and Tracey,” Lilly said with a sad smile, “The unholy trinity.”

 

Daphne smiled a little at this.

 

“Sure Pansy hung around with you sometimes but more often than not she was pining after Draco or leading Blaise on,” Lilly said with a roll of her eyes, “Nine times out of ten when I’d see you guys out and about at school, it was the three of you. You’re sad that you and Sadie are drifting apart because you feel like she’s your last link to Tracey.”

 

Daphne looked out at the village of Hogsmeade, lit by streetlights down below. She swallowed as her eyes focused on that dark hill where it had all happened…where Tracey had died.

 

“And the truth is, these things just happen, Daph,” Lilly said gently, “People drift apart, other people come together. Drifting is okay because you can always drift back together. Breaking apart is harder because when you break apart, there are shards and they cut you deep, so deep that you can never really get them out again. You think you can go back to normal, but those shards will always be there, poking you, niggling at you.”

 

Daphne pulled her gaze away from the village.

 

“But the worst way is when the bond is just severed,” Lilly said. She leant against the rock next to Daphne and looked up at the school, “When one minute its there and the next it's not, like a knife has just cut the cord and sliced that person out of your life forever. That’s the worst thing.”

 

Daphne looked up at the castle too. She grabbed Lilly’s hand, “I still miss her, you know?”

 

“Yeah, I know,” Lilly said.

 

“I really wish I’d gone on that trip.” Daphne said quietly, “I wish I’d had that last summer with Tracey. I wish I’d seen Paris with her…we loved Paris and it’s why…”

 

“Why you won’t visit me, I know,” Lilly said, “You don’t want to replace the memories you have of Tracey with memories of me and I get that. I understand why you regret not going with her, but you need to think of it a little differently. Tracey died young, but she saw the world and so many people who died in the battle of Hogwarts didn’t, Daphne.”

 

Daphne swallowed, but said nothing.

 

“And I know right now, you hate Hermione a bit, but look at how happy she is,” Lilly said softly, “She loves Draco, and Draco adores her. She changed his life and the four of them, somehow they are a family. Think of it from this point of view, if you had gone on that trip, what do you think would have happened to Draco?”

 

“I don’t know,” Daphne answered evasively.

 

“You do,” Lilly said firmly, “What would have happened to him?”

 

“He would have killed himself or gone dark,” Daphne whispered, “I don’t know which one.”

 

“Either way, it would have broken Theo’s heart,” Lilly said, “And Hermione would never have had the chance to fall in love with Draco. Theo would have spiralled into darkness or depression, maybe both. He would never have fallen in love with Sadie. All of the happiness you see around you, that’s because of you. It’s because you held Draco together when all he wanted to do was give up.”

 

In a rare moment of weakness, Daphne drew Lilly in for a hug and tried to pretend she wasn’t crying, “I’m sorry for being a petty bitch.”

 

“It’s not me you need to say sorry to,” Lilly said, “It's her.”

 

Daphne followed her line of sight to the spot by the lake where Hermione was sitting with her arm around Sadie.

 

“Yeah, you’re right.”

 

“I know I am, come on.”

 

Lilly dragged Daphne down to the lake and said, “Hi Hermione, I have an apologetic, bitchy ice queen here. Would you mind escorting me up to the castle so I can find out if my fake husband who also happens to be your real fiancé won his duel against Godric Gryffindor?”

 

Hermione chuckled, “Yes, I think I can do that. See you back up there, Sadie.”

 

Lilly linked her arm through Hermione’s, and as the two girls headed up to the castle, Daphne sat down next to Sadie on the rock.

 

“I’m a bitch,” Daphne said.

 

“A jealous bitch,” Sadie added.

 

“And a petty one,” Daphne admitted.

 

“Yeah,” Sadie agreed, “Sounds like you.”

 

Daphne sighed, “I’m sorry. I don’t cope with change well, and everything is changing. You’re best friends with Hermione, and you’re having a baby, and you’re married. I’m getting married; I’m adopting Teddy, it’s all change.”

 

“And it's hard,” Sadie agreed. She turned to look at Daphne, “But it’s good change, Daph.”

 

“Yeah, it is,” Daphne remarked,

 

“And this will happen,” Sadie said. She grabbed her best friends hand, “We’ll change and drift apart, then change and come together again. But despite it all, despite who I turn to at different times, you will always be my best friend. We’re the survivors, we’ve been through so much together, and despite what happens in the future, nothing can ever change that.”

 

Daphne smiled, “You’re right,” she kissed her friend on the forehead, “And wise.”

 

Sadie chuckled, “So we’re friends again?”

 

“Of course we are,” Daphne promised her, “But don’t you think we ought to get up to castle? I need to thank Harry for duelling Draco in my defence.”

 

“He’s noble that way,” Sadie chuckled as she got to her feet and cast drying charms on their dresses.

 

“It’s a curse sometimes,” Daphne teased, hooking her arm through Sadie’s.

 

~ ~ * ~ ~ * ~ ~ * ~ ~

 

“Who won then?” Daphne asked when she and Sadie re-entered the great hall.

 

“I did, obviously,” Harry snorted.

 

“I let him win, for historical accuracy,” Draco argued.

 

“Yeah right,” Neville sniggered.

 

“Are we all friends again?” Sadie asked cautiously.

 

“They are,” Hermione said firmly, “But they have been informed that apologies are in order.”

 

Draco sighed, “Sorry for being rude to you, Daphne.”

 

“Sorry for calling you an ‘It’ girl,” Theo agreed.

 

“Sorry being a bitch,” Daphne shrugged.

 

“Excellent,” Susan said. She clapped her hands together, “Now, I hear congratulations are in order.”

 

“Are you trying to be Helga Hufflepuff?” Percy snorted.

 

“No, she’s just that much like her,” Lilly grinned.

 

Sadie chuckled, “Yes, I suppose so but-”

 

Theo cut in, “Can we keep this within the friend group? She’s only two months along, and we aren’t planning on telling our parents or siblings until after the next scan.”

 

“Of course,” Susan said while the others all nodded.

 

“Have you thought about how you’re going to tell her brother?” Harry asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“Oh shit,” Theo realised, “Oh…fuck…he’s going to kill me!”

 

“I’ll have a word with Clara,” Lilly said with a smile, “As annoying as you are Theo, I think Sadie’s going to need you over the next few months, so it’s in my best interest to make sure that Sorenson doesn’t kill you.”

 

Harry smiled, “You already sound like the healer that’s going to keep us Aurors alive Lil,” he said somewhat proudly.

 

Lilly laughed, “Thanks.”

 

Daphne grabbed Harry’s arm, “Now come on, stop flirting with your fake wife and dance with me.”

 

Harry shot Susan a frown, “Was I flirting with you?”

 

“A little,” Susan admitted, “But I didn’t think it was intentional.”

 

“It wasn’t!” Harry said as Daphne pulled him towards the dancefloor. He looked at his fiancé, “It wasn’t, I swear.”

 

“I’ll believe you, even if thousands wouldn’t,” Daphne said, she raised an eyebrow at him.

 

“I was just being friendly,” Harry said, he pulled Daphne closer to him.

 

“Your idea of friendly looks an awful lot like my idea of flirting,” Daphne pointed out, “But I’ll let it slide if you promise to stop it.”

 

“Alright,” Harry said, “I’ll be horrible to Susan all night. I shouldn’t even be dancing with you anyway, so I’m already breaking the rules.”

 

“Ugh screw the rules,” Daphne said. Harry spun her out and then brought her back again, “Godric Gryffindor was a good looking, powerful man in the medieval period. I’m sure he had a mistress.”

 

Harry grinned at her, “Are you saying that for one night only, you are my mistress?”

 

“If it means you will dance with me all night, then yes,” Daphne said as Harry pulled her in closer as the song began to slow down.

 

“I can definitely get on board with that,” Harry said quietly, “As long as you keep up the act when we get home.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Well well well, sometimes you do surprise me.”

 

 

Sadie and Theo didn’t stay until the end of the night. It had been a dramatic few days for Sadie, and naturally, she was exhausted. They said their goodbyes to Godric Gryffindor who had his ‘wife’ on one arm and his ‘mistress’ on the other. Then they said their goodbyes to Draco and Lilly who had maintained their, ‘we are so not roleplaying’ act all evening.

 

When they got home, Sadie just wanted to crawl into bed, but she knew there was a conversation that needed to be had first.

 

“Why did you ask me if I was going to keep the baby?”

 

Theo sighed, “I was waiting for you to bring that up.”

 

“Well I can’t believe you even considered doing anything apart from keeping it,” Sadie admitted irritably.

 

“I didn’t,” Theo promised, “I always wanted to keep it but I…I just wanted to make sure that you wanted it too. I love you, Sadie, and I couldn’t bear for you to resent the baby or me.”

 

Sadie looked up at him, “I could never resent you or the baby, Theo. This is a shock, that much is true, but this baby is a part of me, and it’s something that you and I created. It’s a gift; it’s something we worried we would never have because of pureblood inbreeding.”

 

Theo nodded, “It’s earlier than we wanted, but we’ll make it work.”

 

“We will,” Sadie agreed, and she smiled genuinely for the first time in a few days.

 

“So, what now?” Theo asked.

 

“I’ll tell Egypt tomorrow,” Sadie replied honestly, “And I know exactly how they will react so the sooner I can get it over with, the better.”

 

“That makes perfect sense,” Theo said, “And I don’t think you need to worry about me or my security. I mean I’m friends with Draco Black, Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom who are all pretty influential people, so the chances of me getting kicked out of Auror training are fairly slim. And even if I do get kicked out, we both have pretty sizeable inheritances to live off.”

 

“I know, but I don’t want to be a privileged pureblood living off my inheritance!” Sadie snapped, “I want to do more than that.”

 

“And you will,” Theo promised, “But all I’m saying is don’t panic about money because it isn’t something we need to worry about. Okay?”

 

“Okay,” Sadie said quietly, “It’s just…there’s so much to think about isn’t there? We’ll need to get a nursery ready. We’ll have to start thinking about names-”

 

“Yeah baby, we’ll need to do all of that,” Theo agreed, “But right now, you need to try and relax. Tell Egypt about the baby, drink water, get plenty of bed rest and try and stay calm. That’s all going to bring your blood pressure down, and then you can look at volunteering in the Apothecary in Diagon Alley for a bit, okay? Once everything is looking up, we can start thinking about names and a nursery.”

 

“Alright,” Sadie said, she blew out a breath, “Thanks Theo, I needed you to be the cool, calm one this time. I know it’s normally the other way around.”

 

Theo smiled and gripped her hand tighter, “It’s a good thing that I can do both the immature, silly prat husband and the cool, calm, collected husband quite well then. Isn’t it?”

 

Sadie smiled back at him, “Yes, it is,” she agreed.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Please don’t make me do it!”

 

Sadie raised an eyebrow at her husband, “I’m not making you do anything. But we really ought to go over and say sorry to Daphne."

 

Theo opened his eyes and looked up at her from where he was kneeling on the floor, “Oh, I wasn’t talking to you.”

 

“Who were you talking to then?” Sadie asked incredulously.

 

“God,” Theo replied.

 

“You don’t believe in God,” Sadie reminded him.

 

“I know this,” Theo said with a nod, “But the thing is, I’m not looking forward to getting on my knees and apologising to Daphne Greengrass. May I remind you that Daphne Greengrass is the only girl who has ever turned me down and may I also remind you that she literally lives for my humiliation? I mean come on, she probably gets off on guys being on their knees-”

 

Sadie snorted.

 

“Sadie!” Theo scoffed, “I was going to finish with, apologising to her, honestly! You’re meant to be the innocent one?”

 

“The innocent one?” Sadie asked. She raised an eyebrow, “The pregnant innocent one who did what we did on graduation?”

 

“I did kind of goad you into that,” Theo admitted.

 

“I didn’t need much goading,” Sadie muttered under her breath, “Anyway, you were the one who told me that we should apologise because you were a dick to her-”

 

“I need to say sorry, and I know that,” Theo muttered. He pushed himself to his feet, “But I’m not looking forward to it. It’s just going to be her and Harry there isn’t it?”

 

“We’re going over at 10 am on a Sunday, who else is going to be there?”

 

“Well, you never know what kind of questionable relationship Harry has with Neville,” Theo joked, “Daphne might turn a blind eye, she’s a pureblood after all.”

 

Sadie snorted and threw her coat on, “So am I and I wouldn’t turn a blind eye if you started screwing Draco.”

 

“I know,” Theo said, he put an arm around her shoulder, “That’s why I do it behind your back.”

 

“Shut up, Theo.”

 

“Do you want me to side-apparate you there?”

 

“I’m pregnant, not terminally ill,” Sadie muttered as they stepped outside together.

 

“For the next few months, aren’t they basically the same thing?”

 

“Shut up, Theo!”

 

 

When Sadie and Theo stepped into the kitchen of Potter Manor, they both had to stifle laughs as they walked in on the occupants eating their breakfast.

 

“Morning guys,” Daphne said with a smile, “There are some bagels left, and there’s coffee in the pot. Oh wait, can you have coffee, Sadie?”

 

“As long as I don’t have too much, yes,” Sadie replied, “Morning, Harry.”

 

“Morning Sadie,” Harry yawned, he had a bagel halfway to his mouth and was holding a spoon near Teddy’s mouth. The little boy kept trying to grab it, and Harry was unsuccessfully trying to make sure that it was out of his reach.

 

“Morning Neville,” Sadie said, she shot Theo an amused look, “What are you doing here?”

 

“I force him to come over for breakfast when Lilly’s not around,” Daphne said as she poured out two cups of coffee, “Otherwise he doesn’t eat properly. Why did you think he was here?”

 

“Oh Theo was suggesting that you might be turning a blind eye to their questionable relationship because you’re a pureblood,” Sadie retorted.

 

Daphne snorted, “Those two? No. Harry’s not the one in this relationship who has diverse tastes.”

 

Theo grinned, “Oh, now that is interesting. If you and Lilly ever develop a relationship like the one you had with Ginny during the war, I would like to see the memories.”

 

“That’s never going to happen,” Daphne smirked, “Just like you will never see the memory of Ginny and me.”

 

“I’ve seen it,” Harry grinned.

 

“So have I,” Neville remarked.

 

“How have you seen it?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

“Ginny showed me,” Neville grinned.

 

“It was the hottest thing ever, right?” Harry asked his best friend.

 

“See? Unbelievably straight,” Daphne said with a roll of her eyes.

 

“But you and Draco on the other hand?” Neville scoffed, “Less straight.”

 

Harry sniggered, “I mean you guys have a door in-between your houses.”

 

“Yeah, but I don’t eat breakfast with Draco,” Theo pointed out.

 

“That’s because you drink till 4 am with Draco and then sleep through breakfast,” Sadie whispered.

 

“Oh yeah…good point,” Theo mused, “Still, drinking till 4 am is more manly than eating breakfast together. Are you reading Witch Weekly by the way?”

 

“Yes, I am,” Neville said irritably, “They happen to have an excellent feature on magical herb gardens okay?”

 

“Merlin, you are so gay,” Theo said with a shake of his head.

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Leave Neville alone, Theo. Why did you want to come over for breakfast anyway?”

 

“You don’t even eat breakfast,” Neville pointed out.

 

Before Theo could explain or begin to apologise to Daphne, a loud clatter distracted them all. Harry had fallen asleep while holding Teddy’s bowl of cereal, and Teddy had grabbed the bowl and thrown it halfway across the kitchen.

 

Harry woke up with a start and fell off his chair.

 

Neville laughed loudly and hi-fived Teddy, “You two have got one hell of a chaser in the making!”

 

Theo sniggered, and Daphne glared at him, “That will be you soon so I wouldn’t laugh if I were you. We were up half the night with this one because one of his canines is coming in and it’s bloody sharp too.”

 

“Werewolf baby,” Harry whispered jokingly as he picked himself up from the floor and dusted bits of muesli off of his dressing gown.

 

Theo shook his head in amusement, “I came over to talk to you, Daphne, in private if you don’t mind?”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “I don’t think I’ve heard you sound that serious for a long time.”

 

Theo smiled, “It does happen.”

 

“I know it does,” Daphne said, “Come up to the potions lab with me. I could use a second set of eyes on a new potion I’m trying to develop.”

 

“Alright,” Theo said, he stepped into the entrance hall with her, “What kind of potion?”

 

“The next step in the search for a cure for lycanthropy,” Daphne answered, “I’m using a couple of potions as a basis.”

 

“I’m guessing that one of them is wolfsbane?”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne nodded, “It represses the violent nature of the wolf and makes the transformation a little bit less painful, but it isn’t a complete cure. I’ve been studying the potion that we created to make Melody human again.”

 

Theo’s eyes widened, “I never even thought about that as a possible cure for lycanthropy.”

 

Daphne shrugged, “There are a few other elements to consider because of what becoming a werewolf does to someone’s genetics, but I think it’s possible. After all, that potion made it possible for Melody to become human again after a long time.”

 

Theo nodded, “It’s brilliant. Are you doing it for Teddy?”

 

“A little,” Daphne admitted, “There’s a little part of me that’s doing it for Teddy and Bill. But mostly I’m doing it because it might make the Ministry rethink the fact that werewolves are classified as beasts rather than humans.”

 

Theo wasn’t sure what to say to that.

 

“Anyway,” Daphne said, she opened the door to the potions lab and stepped inside, “What did you want to talk to me about?”

 

Theo nodded, “Thank you for saving Draco’s life after the war when I couldn’t. I avoided him all summer, I was bitchy and petty, just like you were when you saw him kissing Pansy when we came back for our seventh year. I should never have called you bitchy because I reckon I’m probably bitchier.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him.

 

“If you hadn’t been there for Draco that summer after the war, I dread to think what he might have done, so I’m sorry for being a dick,” Theo said, “And thank you for saving his life for me.”

 

“What did Lilly say to you?”

 

“Nothing…”

 

“Bullshit,” Daphne said.

 

“She called me an obscene word, like rude by my standards and threatened me with a Chelsea smile which sounds horrific,” Theo admitted, “She said I was a dick, and she was right. You gave up a summer with Tracey to save Draco, and nobody ever gave you enough credit for that.”

 

“Thanks, Theo,” Daphne said, her tone laced with surprise, “It means a lot to hear a genuine apology from you.”

 

Theo grinned mischievously, “I know, it’s rare, right? But if Lilly is defending you so fiercely, does that mean you’re shagging her?”

 

“Oh for the love of Merlin,” Daphne muttered, “Say that again, I dare you.”

 

Theo looked like he was thinking about it.

 

“Need I remind you that when you and I first met, I was an 11-year-old girl with some homemade spells that I bet still make you squirm?” Daphne said calmly, “But now, I’m training to be a curse breaker under Bill Weasley and I know curses that would make you scream like a little girl.”

 

“Well I didn’t know that you were under Bill Weasley, I wonder what Harry would have to say about – ahhhhhh!”

 

 

“Did you hear that?”

 

“Yeah, that was Theo screaming like a pussy.”

 

“Language Nev!” Harry exclaimed. He covered Teddy’s ears, and the little boy giggled.

 

“Sorry, Teddy,” Neville said sheepishly. He turned to Sadie and asked, “What do you think he said?”

 

“I’ve given up trying to work out how his brain works,” Sadie said. She picked a bagel up from the table, “But if they are arguing, that means that order has been restored to the world.”

 

 

“You know, we’ve focused so much on the adoption lately that we haven’t talked much about the wedding.”

 

Daphne glanced up at Harry, “It’s still a few months away, and there isn’t that much to plan since we’re going to have it here.”

 

“Can we do that? You know, have the whole thing here?” Harry asked cluelessly, “We don’t have to get married in a church or something?”

 

Daphne frowned, “Do you want to get married in a church?”

 

“No,” Harry replied, “Do you?”

 

“Nope,” Daphne said, “So let’s just do it all here with all of our friends and family around.”

 

“Alright,” Harry said with a smile, “But there are still things to plan aren’t there? Like food-”

 

“I’ve already worked out a menu with the elves. I’ll bring a few in from Hogwarts to help out,” Daphne cut in.

 

“And dresses and robes-”

 

“I’ll get my dress sorted out soon, I’ll have to tell Sadie because she’ll want to be there,” Daphne cut in, “I’ve already got Sadie’s dress sorted, I’ll have to expand it a little, but that’s easy enough done. As for you, I’ve made an appointment for you and Neville to go down in December and sort your robes out.”

 

“What about decorations?”

 

“Arranged, they just need to be paid for in December.”

 

“Wedding rings?”

 

“I’ve picked out ones that I like. We just need to try them on and buy them.”

 

“Entertainment?”

 

“Bill’s calling in a favour to get us the Weird Sisters for a good price.”

 

“The Weird Sisters?” Harry asked in disbelief, “Seriously?”

 

“Yep,” Daphne smirked, “Bill went to school with the lead singer.”

 

Harry shook his head slowly, “You amaze me.”

 

“I told you that I could throw a wedding together easily. The only thing we do need to work out is the honeymoon,” Daphne said, “You have to go back to work on the 2nd of January, so we don’t really have time for one.”

 

“I’ll ask Sumner if I can have a few days leave so that we can go somewhere,” Harry said, “Do you know where you want to go?”

 

“Not really,” Daphne admitted, “It will just be nice to go away for a few days.”

 

Harry nodded in agreement, “So you really have everything under control?”

 

“Mostly,” Daphne said, she sighed, “I need to talk to my Uncle Phineas about my inheritance. My mother said that he was in charge of the estate now, but I haven’t seen him for years. I don’t know if there is any money in that fund anymore and if there is, I don’t know if he will release it to me upon my marriage like he’s supposed to.”

 

“We can go and see him together if you want?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “No, Harry. I love you, which is exactly why I don’t want to drag you into my family drama. I’ll do it on my own a bit closer to the wedding.”

 

Harry opened his mouth to insist that he didn’t mind being dragged into her family drama, but before he could do so, Daphne added, “You’re late by the way, look at the time.”

 

“Bugger!” Harry cursed, he kissed her lightly, “Love you, Daph, see you tonight.”

 

 

Theo felt incredibly nervous as he stood in Sumner’s office on Monday morning. After flying practice, he had asked Sheppard if he would be able to have a quiet word with him and Sumner at some point, but he hadn’t expected Sheppard to say that right now would be a convenient time.

 

As he stood in the office, waiting for Sumner to arrive, Theo realised that he was nervous because he didn’t know what to expect. There was a part of him that was expecting to be judged or told off when he told his bosses his news, but he wasn’t a teenager who had knocked his girlfriend up. He was just here to inform them that his wife was pregnant.

 

Theo jumped when the door opened loudly. Sumner stepped in and frowned when he saw Sheppard sitting on one of the desks and Theo standing awkwardly in the middle of the room.

 

“What’s going on here Sheppard?”

 

“Recruit Nott asked to have a quiet word with us,” Sheppard explained.

 

Sumner sat down behind his desk and looked at Theo, “Dropping out then are you son? I didn’t expect you to be the first and not so soon either.”

 

“I’m not dropping out sir,” Theo promised, “I’m just here because my personal situation has changed and I feel like you have a right to know in case it changes my mindset here at work.”

 

Sumner bowed his head, “That’s very mature of you Nott. Continue.”

 

“I found out a few days ago that my wife is pregnant, sir,” Theo said nervously, “With our first child.”

 

Theo really didn’t know what to expect, but he certainly didn’t expect Sumner to smile and stand up, “Congratulations Nott,” he said as he extended his hand.

 

Theo took Sumner’s hand and shook it, “Uh…thank you, sir.”

\

Sheppard chuckled and clapped him on the back, “Enjoy the next few months while you can, life changes completely when that first one comes along.”

 

Sumner nodded, “It certainly does. I suppose you will need this. It outlines all the benefits you are entitled to when you become a parent.”

 

“Benefits?” Theo asked in surprise.

 

“You don’t think we just leave you to your own devices, do you?” Sumner asked, “This job is demanding, and we recognise that it’s hard to be a parent when you do what we do. You will get free childcare at the creche on the east side of the base. Not to mention two weeks paid leave when your wife gives birth and two further weeks of optional unpaid leave.”

 

Theo looked down at the little information pack that he had just been handed, “Woah…thank you, sir. I never expected anything like this. I was actually pretty nervous about telling you.”

 

Sheppard smiled, “We aren’t as tough as we look, Nott. I thought you might have worked that out by now. What is your wife going to do, she was working in Egypt, wasn’t she?”

 

Theo nodded, “Yes, sir, but she’s going to have to drop out of her course. I’m not sure what she’s going to do now, but she will have to find something, or she’ll drive herself crazy until the baby is born.”

 

“Well I’ll get the HR department to get in touch with her,” Sheppard said, “They are always looking for temporary clerical assistants and research assistants up at the DMLE, and it would keep her busy for a few months without any heavy lifting.”

 

“That would be great sir, thank you.”

 

Sheppard shrugged and said, “Liz was an Auror so you can imagine how much she was climbing the walls with boredom when she was pregnant with our two boys. I had to find something for her to do.”

 

Theo hadn’t realised that Sheppard had been married to an Auror, but he supposed that made sense, “Sadie’s a bit like that too,” he admitted, “So I appreciate your help.”

 

“If we can do anything else to help out, let us know,” Sumner said, “And once your wife has seen a Healer for her 3-month review, make sure you get a note confirming the pregnancy. We’ll need a copy for our books.”

 

“Anyway, get yourself back to class before Auror Carter storms in here looking for you,” Sheppard added.

 

“None of us wants that to happen,” Sumner agreed.

 

Theo smiled and nodded, “I will, thanks again, sirs.”

 

 

“Why are you so late?” Draco whispered when Theo sat down next to him in Disguise class.

 

“I had to inform Sumner and Sheppard of Sadie’s pregnancy,” Theo whispered back as he grabbed his notebook and a pencil from his bag.

 

“How did that go?”

 

“Better than I expected to be honest,” Theo murmured under his breath, “Did you know that Sheppard is married to an Auror by the way?”

 

Draco shook his head, “No, do you think it’s Carter?”

 

Theo looked up at the Auror who was glaring at him from the front of the class, “Nah…I think it’s someone a bit nicer.”

 

Draco snorted in amusement as Carter barked out, “Nott! You do not show up to my class late and then get to sit and have a conversation with your partner. Get up here and demonstrate the three most obvious forms of disguise for me now!”

 

Theo rolled his eyes and muttered, “Definitely not her.”

 

 

“Did you guys know that Sheppard is married to another Auror?” Theo asked conversationally over lunch later that day.

 

Neville shook his head, “One who works here?”

 

“Probably,” Theo said, “They have two kids, so I doubt she’s an active Auror.”

 

“She might be,” Draco said, “Sheppard isn’t an active Auror anymore, and only one parent needs to have a stable job.”

 

“I suppose,” Theo reasoned, “But I just got the impression it was someone here.”

 

“Did you say that he has two kids?” Harry asked curiously.

 

“Two boys,” Theo nodded.

 

“Auror Weir has two boys,” Harry said thoughtfully.

 

“What’s her first name?” Theo asked, “Because Sheppard referred to his wife as Liz.”

 

Harry shot Theo an amused look, “So there’s every chance his wife is Auror Elizabeth Weir then, isn’t there?”

 

Theo rolled his eyes, “Shut up; I don’t know their first names!”

 

“If you ever looked at the staff board in the entrance hallway, you would,” Draco said after snorting in amusement.

 

“I wonder what other Aurors are together,” Draco mused as he looked over at the staff table. Sumner and Sheppard weren’t there, they very rarely were. The boys always assumed that the bosses just ate in their offices.

 

“Carter and Mitchell are definitely together,” Theo said, “Draco and I worked that out during our isolation week.”

 

“What are you boys gossiping about?” Ophelia asked as she and Blanche sat down at their table.

 

“Our Senior Aurors,” Harry said matter of factly, “We think some of them are together.”

 

“Well, I reckon McKay and Brown have got something going on,” Blanche said, “They are together all of the time.”

 

“Probably just because Potions and Herbology are interconnecting disciplines,” Neville reasoned.

 

“I’m with Neville here,” Ophelia cut in, “I think something is going on between McKay and Carson, I see him up at the hospital wing a lot.”

 

“Again, Potions and Healing, interconnecting disciplines,” Neville said.

 

Harry shook his head, “No, I see that actually Ophelia. I think Carson is gay and I’m not convinced about McKay.”

 

“My gay-dar definitely clocks Carson as gay,” Blanche agreed.

 

The others snorted in amusement.

 

“I thought McKay was up at the hospital wing because he had a thing for Keller actually,” Draco cut in, “Him and Carson come across as friends to me.”

 

“No way, Keller is way too good looking for him!” Harry objected.

 

“Well, look at you and your other half. You’re you which I guess some straight girls find appealing. You killed a dark lord and all, even if you’re not as good with a sword as Neville,” Blanche said with a smirk, “Then there’s Daphne who is basically perfect.”

 

“She’s really not,” Harry chuckled.

 

“She’s super-model hot though,” Blanche said.

 

“Yeah, she really is,” Draco agreed.

 

Even Theo nodded, and Neville said, “And you get to shag her, no wonder you two are always at it.”

 

“Shut up fatbottom.”

 

“Oi!” Theo objected, “That’s my pet name for him!”

 

“I’m not your pet,” Neville snorted.

 

“And I call him fatbottom too,” Draco chimed in.

 

“Yeah, so find your own name,” Theo said with a mock glare, “Call him darling or something.”

 

“Isn't that what you call Draco in the bedroom?” Blanche retorted.

 

Harry and Neville burst out laughing, Blanche was becoming a staple in their work-based friend group.

 

 

When Theo came home on Monday night, it was to find Sadie curled up under a blanket with her favourite book.

 

“That bad, huh?”

 

Sadie looked up and nodded, “Yeah, it was about as bad as I expected.”

 

“Did they throw you out with immediate effect?” Theo asked, his eyes fell on the trunk at the foot of the bed.

 

“Yes, they did,” Sadie said, she shut her book and pulled Theo under the blanket with her, “They were very rude to me about the whole thing, to be honest. They told me that I was throwing away a promising career and that I was very foolish. When I told them that this was definitely what I wanted, they said if that was the case, then I should pack my things, leave immediately and never apply for the course again.”

 

Theo shook his head angrily, “I will march over there tonight and tell them what I think of that.”

 

“I know you would,” Sadie said quietly, “But please don’t, Theo.”

 

“After what they said to you?” Theo asked hotly, “You expect me just to leave it be?”

 

“Yes, because it’s over now,” Sadie said, “You going over there won’t make anything better. It won’t make them take me back, and it won’t make them apologise. All it might do is harm your career so please, just let it go.”

 

“Can you let it go?” Theo asked. He looked her directly in the eye.

 

“I already have,” Sadie said honestly, “I didn’t like it in the first place and the way they reacted just made me hate them and that place even more. I’m glad to be shot of them, to be honest.”

 

“Alright,” Theo said calmly, “In that case, I will let it go.”

 

“Thank you.”

 

“But I have to ask…if you’re glad to be shot of them, why are you so sad?” Theo asked his wife.

 

“Because I don’t know where I’m going to go now,” Sadie replied, “This baby is due in March, and it’s September. What am I going to do for the next seven months? I mean there’s the apothecary, but if I’m on bed rest I can’t do that so-”

 

“I might have an answer to that question,” Theo said with a smile, “Because I had a chat with my bosses today and they gave me lots of good news. Let me tell you all about it over a cup of tea?”

 

“Can I bring the blanket with me?”

 

Theo laughed, “Yeah, you can.”

 

Sadie smiled and wrapped the blanket around herself before getting to her feet, “In that case, okay.”

 

 

“So what’s on the cards this morning?”

 

“I’ll tell you when you tell me what’s in the bag.”

 

“A breakfast muffin for you and a coffee for me,” Daphne replied, she put the bag down on his desk, “Because I need to lose weight for my wedding.”

 

“You don’t need to lose weight,” Bill scoffed, “Honestly, you sound like my wife.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “So, do we have a case?”

 

“Oh yeah,” Bill said, he had become distracted by the breakfast muffin that he was stuffing in his mouth. He swallowed his mouthful and said, “Interesting case so we’re heading out as soon as I finish this.”

 

“Which won’t be long at the rate you eat,” Daphne said distastefully.

 

Bill swallowed another mouthful, “That sounded disdainful.”

 

“You reminded me of Ron for a moment there,” Daphne said, “And that isn’t a good thing.”

 

Bill shuddered, “No, it isn’t,” he agreed.

 

“When you say interesting case by the way, do you mean an old curse or just an interesting one?” Daphne asked while she sipped her coffee.

 

Bill finished his muffin and said, “Both. We are going to investigate a chair in a muggle museum. Apparently, a convicted murderer ate his last meal at his favourite pub then stood up and said that death would come to anyone who dared to sit in his chair.”

 

“And death has come to them?” Daphne guessed as they left the office together.

 

Bill nodded, “Yep, the murderer was hanged for his crimes, and since then, 63 people have died after sitting on the chair.”

 

“63?” Daphne asked in disbelief, “And nobody has thought to investigate it yet?”

 

“We don’t know how many of them actually died from natural causes though,” Bill pointed out, “We will need to work that out so we can have a look at our final number. Either way, the museum called in ‘specialists’, aka us, after a prank went wrong and the 63rd person died last night.”

 

“So someone sat in the chair then?”

 

Bill nodded again, “A couple of the apprentices were playing around in the museum at night, and one dared the other to sit on the chair. Apparently, it’s suspended 5 foot in the air to stop anyone else from dying. Early this morning, that apprentice dropped dead.”

 

“And in come the specialists,” Daphne said, she shot Bill a grin, “You’re right, it’s interesting.”

 

 

“Are you going to tell me why you’ve been so distracted this week?”

 

“I haven’t been distracted.”

 

“Daphne, you nearly sat on the death chair.”

 

“Is that what we’re calling it now?” Daphne asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“It’s a chair that causes death, what else would we call it?”

 

“I don’t know, something more original than the death chair,” Daphne muttered, “And I didn’t nearly sit on it, I was just having a closer look.”

 

“Until you fell,” Bill pointed out, “And you would have landed on it if it weren’t for my amazing reflexes.”

 

“I wouldn’t have landed on it,” Daphne muttered under her breath. They were currently holed up in a makeshift office, which was essentially a storeroom, in the depths of the museum.

 

“Seriously Daphne, what’s distracting you?”

 

Daphne knew Bill’s policy; they told each other everything as Auror partners would. She knew that meant that she had to come clean.

 

“My best friend just found out that she’s pregnant,” Daphne admitted, “That’s what’s been going on with me for the last few days.”

 

“Wow,” Bill said, “I didn’t expect that from Sadie…”

 

“Neither did I,” Daphne admitted, “She’s smart, career-minded, logical…it was completely out of character but I suppose, you only get one honeymoon.”

 

“Oh yeah, I can sympathise with that,” Bill said with a nod, “How is she feeling? She’s still young, isn’t she?”

 

“Everyone is having a kid young these days,” Daphne muttered, “Look at your family, war breeds babies, that’s what they say isn’t it?”

 

“Something like that,” Bill said, “But you can’t be judgemental about people having kids young, can you?”

 

Daphne frowned at him, “What’s that supposed to mean?”

 

“You’re adopting Teddy,” Bill pointed out.

 

Daphne scoffed, “That’s not the same.”

 

“How is that not the same?” Bill asked, “You will legally be a parent just like my sister and my brother and your best friend. Tell me how that’s different?”

 

“It just is,” Daphne said irritably, “I won’t have to give up nine months of my life to carry a baby for a start. I won’t have to watch what jobs I do or what cases I take because I’m pregnant. Then there’s the fact I don’t have the sleepless nights that come with a newborn baby or any of that stress. I get to come in at the good part, the part where we can do things together, where Teddy can talk to me and tell me what’s wrong with him when he’s crying.”

 

Bill nodded slowly, “Yeah, you’re right; it’s totally different.”

 

Daphne smiled a little smugly.

 

“But not necessarily any easier,” Bill added.

 

Daphne groaned, “Ugh, come on, Bill!”

 

“I’m serious Daphne,” Bill said sincerely, “Yes, you don’t have the sleepless nights, the screaming, the endless cycle of feed, change, sleep repeat but what you do have is a child who isn’t yours by blood. A child that you love but that you know will never be truly yours because one day when he’s old enough, he’ll find out about his birth parents. When he does, he will have to divide his love for you and Harry between you two and the birth parents that he never got a chance to know. That’s not easy Daphne; it’s not the easy way out that you seem to think it is.”

 

“I know that Bill,” Daphne snapped, “I know he will never truly be ours, but we can love him as if he is and I think that’s enough. Nothing about coming into Teddy’s life late and raising him has been easy. We were still in school when he started calling Harry Daddy for crying out loud, I never for a moment meant to imply that it was easier than having a child young. I know how hard it’s going to be for Sadie because I’ve been living it since Harry and I got together!”

 

“Do I need to tell you that-”

 

“I know it sounded bitter,” Daphne said quickly, “But I didn’t mean for it to sound that way. I’m just stressed because of the adoption and the wedding and…well, Teddy isn’t an average child to adopt.”

 

Bill frowned, “Because he’s Harry’s godson?”

 

“No, because his father was a werewolf,” Daphne sighed, she could feel one hell of a headache coming on, “And we have no idea how that’s going to affect him. I know that once he’s two years old, we need to start getting him tested at St. Mungo’s every year like some kind of lab rat so that they can work out if he’s going to be dangerous. I know that I got terrified when he got his first canine at the weekend because of how bloody sharp it was. I don’t know if my son is going to have to get registered if he starts showing too many werewolf traits and I don’t know if he’s going to be enough of a werewolf to be classified as a beast rather than a human, but the thought of that scares the shit out of me Bill.”

 

Bill got to his feet and gave her a hug, “Hey, if anyone knows how scary that is, it’s me,” he said quietly, “I had no idea what was going to happen to me while I waited for that first full moon and I think that was probably the scariest month of my life.”

 

“But you turned out fine,” Daphne said, she rubbed her eyes, “Geez, it’s bloody dusty down here.”

 

Bill knew she was covering up the fact that she had been crying, but he didn’t want to call her out on that, “I wouldn’t say that I turned out fine. Luckily enough, I had a partner who was willing to stick with me, even when she didn’t know the outcome. I might have become a full wolf for all we knew, but Fleur was adamant that she wasn’t going to leave me.”

 

“Harry always says that Tonks loved Remus even though he was a werewolf,” Daphne mused.

 

“Dora was a very kind person with a beautiful heart,” Bill smiled, “I was gutted when Charlie broke up with her to go chasing dragons in Romania because I thought she was brilliant, but Remus needed her, and I’m glad she made him happy in that last year… Anyway, the point I’m making is that I’m not fine. Once a month when the full moon is out, I change, and I don’t just mean that I get a bit cranky. We have that outhouse for a reason Daph; I get angry, scarily angry.”

 

“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you scarily angry,” Daphne said, “I mean you got close when I told you about Fawley, but you didn’t lose it like Harry does.”

 

“Exactly, it’s not in my nature,” Bill said, “But when the full moon is out, I get angry and violent, so I lock myself away from the people that I love. Fleur and my family all joke about it, they say that I prefer my meat a bit rarer now but that I’m fine. The only people who know that I’m not fine are Fleur and Charlie.”

 

“Is this supposed to make me feel better about Teddy?” Daphne asked, “Because it’s making me feel worse.”

 

“It’s supposed to make you feel better,” Bill said sheepishly, “I’m trying to make you see that if the werewolf genetics in Teddy were going to affect him, you would have noticed it already.”

 

“But Harry says that the specialist at the hospital thinks that puberty might trigger it,” Daphne told him.

 

“I suppose it might, but I think it’s unlikely,” Bill said honestly, “Does he change at all at the full moon?”

 

“He gets cranky,” Daphne admitted, “And he wants to stay up and play all night instead of sleep.”

 

Bill laughed, “I think you’re going to be fine, but I know that won’t ease your worries about the future.”

 

Daphne shrugged, “I just wish it wasn’t so uncertain,” she admitted. She looked back down at her notes, “Anyway, don’t you think we should be getting on with this? Before someone accidentally falls onto the death chair?”

 

“I thought you said that was a terrible name.”

 

“It is, but I can’t think of anything better.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Uh…where do you think you’re going?”

 

“Out,” Draco said matter of factly, “I didn’t think that was illegal. We are allowed to leave the premises during our lunch break.”

 

“Yes, but you never have,” Theo pointed out.

 

“We’ve only been here a few weeks,” Neville sniggered.

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “Either way, I’ll see you lot in an hour.”

 

“Seriously though, where are you going?” Harry asked; he was just as curious as Theo.

 

Draco slipped out of the hallway before anyone could ask him any further questions.

 

“What do you think he’s up to?” Harry asked the others as they entered the canteen.

 

“Well, I’m pretty sure he’s not a Death Eater,” Neville smirked, “So don’t worry Harry, you don’t need to whip out the invisibility cloak and watch him piss.”

 

“Oh for the love of Merlin, once!” Harry exclaimed irritably, “I followed him into a bathroom once, and nobody has ever let me hear the end of it!”

 

Neville and Theo grinned at each other and sniggered while Harry stomped off to eat lunch with Blanche and Ophelia.

 

“What do you reckon he’s up to anyway?” Neville asked Theo.

 

“I have no idea, but we’ll get it out of him when he comes back.”

 

 

“So where have you been?”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “You three are the nosiest people I have ever met.”

 

“Harry wanted to whip out the invisibility cloak and stalk you, but he managed to control his urges this time,” Neville joked.

 

Harry glared at his best friend, “One day you will stop slagging me off for that and realise that I actually discovered some crucial things while stalk – I mean following – Draco that year!”

 

Draco snorted in amusement, “Like what bathrooms I preferred or how big my-”

 

“Black, Potter!” Frasier snapped, “Less talking, more reading!”

 

“I’m really glad I didn’t have to hear the end of that sentence,” Neville said under his breath as he shot a glance Lilly’s way. She had been busy having a very in-depth chat with Keller and Carson, which meant that she hadn’t even spoken to Neville in the half an hour she had been here. He was looking pretty miffed about the whole thing.

 

“Anyway, where did you sneak off to?” Theo asked.

 

“It’s none of your business!”

 

“The last time you did a lot of sneaking you were getting branded with a dark mark and doing bad shit for Voldemort, so I make it my business to know what you’re doing when you sneak off,” Theo whispered irritably.

 

“As nice as that is of you, Theo-”

 

“Nice?” Harry scoffed, “What he just said is basically the reason I followed you in sixth year, but when I do it it’s creepy stalking?”

 

“You did do it creepily,” Neville admitted.

 

“Come on, Nev!”

 

“Sorry, but it’s the truth.”

 

Draco shook his head in amusement and looked down at the notes they were supposed to be studying before practising first aid on a dummy, “If you really want to know, I was in Diagon Alley, but I wasn’t getting branded with a dark mark or doing bad shit for a dark lord.”

 

“What were you doing then?” Neville asked curiously.

 

“I was looking at kittens because Hermione’s birthday is next week,” Draco told them.

 

“Aww,” Theo cooed, “How cute and romantic!”

 

Draco smacked him around the back of the head.

 

“Did you see one that you think she’ll like?” Harry asked.

 

“I don’t know,” Draco admitted, “There were three kittens in the store, and I have no idea which one she would like best. There was a male ginger one, a female tabby and a female black kitten.”

 

“I think she would prefer a female cat,” Theo mused, “I don’t know why I think that, but it’s just a feeling that I get.”

 

“You’re probably right,” Harry said, “I would go for the black one. Hermione went into Eeylops saying that she wanted a black kitten because, in all the muggle books that she had read as a kid, a witch had a black cat as its familiar. She ended up with Crookshanks because he was so ugly that nobody wanted him and she felt sorry for him.”

 

“Typical do-gooder Gryffindors,” Theo said with a shake of his head, “Buying ugly cats and bringing lonely snakes home from the Amazon rainforest.”

 

“Would you leave Dave out of this?”

 

 

“Do you think I’m ready to adopt Teddy?”

 

“I think if you’re asking me that, then you aren’t 100% sure that you are,” Bill replied slowly, “These numbers are all just blurring together, we’ve been looking at them for so long…”

 

“Six hours,” Daphne said, she stifled a yawn, “Not that I’ve been counting.”

 

“Whoever this Busby guy was, he was a pretty powerful wizard,” Bill agreed. He rubbed his eyes and sighed, “I’m starting to think we should take a half-hour break to go and get some food and a coffee before we make a serious attempt at breaking this thing.”

 

“I think I have it.”

 

“I think I do too, but I’ve been looking at it for so long that I’m starting to doubt myself,” Bill said, he scribbled a lot of numbers and letters down in a notepad, “Come on, let’s grab something to eat and drink at the museum café.”

 

“Alright,” Daphne conceded. She and Bill stepped out of the dingy storeroom/office together and began to make their way up a narrow staircase towards the main museum.

 

“So what are your doubts about adopting Teddy?” Bill asked conversationally.

 

“I didn’t think that I had any, to be honest,” Daphne admitted, “But I suppose I do. I’m worried about how Harry and I will find time for each other once Teddy is living with us. I’m worried about the effect it will have on our relationship.”

 

“Well having a baby, whether it’s a newborn one or not, does put a strain on your relationship,” Bill reasoned, “Fleur and I aren’t the same people that we were before Victoire came along. Neither of us gets to go out and have fun like we used to, we don’t get as much sleep as we used to either, which makes us crankier and therefore prone to arguments. And yes, it is hard to find time for each other and ourselves.”

 

“Is there a but in there?”

 

Bill shot her an amused look, “Yes, smart arse. But, it’s worth it when we see Victoire learn to do something new. It’s worth it 99% of the time, but then there’s that 1% when I want to scream, storm out and go back to my old life. I suppose what I’m saying is that it’s fine as long as your relationship is strong enough to withstand it.”

 

“Do you think Harry and I have a strong enough relationship?” Daphne asked him, “And I need you to give me an honest answer, Bill, even if it isn’t what I want to hear.”

 

“I think that if you can stand by each other in your worst moments, then you can stand by each other through parenthood,” Bill said honestly, “Has he been there for you at your worst?”

 

Daphne thought back to those long weeks after Tracey’s death; she could still feel the deep depression that she had sunk into. She remembered Harry trying to cheer her up and bring her out of it gently, rather than forcing her to live her life the way that she had before. She was also transported back to the dark days after the ordeal with Fawley; Harry could not have been more supportive if he tried.

 

Daphne nodded, “Yes.”

 

“And have you been there for him at his worst?” Bill asked.

 

Daphne found herself thinking about the horrors in Harry’s past and how he couldn’t seem to escape them, no matter how fast or how far he ran. She remembered the Halloween Ball, how he had disappeared early and cried himself to sleep because he missed his parents. She thought back to Memorial Day when she had truly seen how deep his scars were. She thought about the nights that Harry would wake up screaming and soaked in sweat, terrified of the demons from his past. She was the one who told him that it was all going to be okay, who told him that he didn't need firewhiskey, he just needed a hug. She was the one who lay awake with him and soothed him back to sleep.

 

She nodded slowly, “Yes.”

 

“Then I think you two will do just fine,” Bill said, he smiled at her and clapped her on the back, “There’s never a right or wrong time to give that little boy the love and family that he deserves. I think you’re ready whenever you want to be.”

 

Daphne smiled over at him, “Yeah…you’re right. Thanks, Bill.”

 

Bill grinned at her, “Hey, if curse-breaking ever lets me down, I’ll make one hell of a psychiatrist!”

 

 

“Good morning.”

 

“You’re in an awfully good mood,” Neville noticed.

 

“So are you,” Harry commented.

 

“Well it’s the Paris weekend,” Neville said cheerfully, “I’m going to be romantic. I have this whole weekend planned with Lil to show her how much I miss her, you know?”

 

Harry snorted, “Are you gonna propose?”

 

“Yeah, right,” Neville said, “We’ve just managed to get things back on track. Never mind the fact I don’t have a ring. I just want to treat her like a princess, cause she deserves it.”

 

“Yeah, she does,” Harry agreed thoughtfully.

 

“What are you doing this weekend?” Neville asked.

 

“Oh, just spending time with Teddy,” Harry answered, “Like I do every weekend, to be honest.”

 

“Not that you ever complain,” Neville said with a smile.

 

Harry hummed thoughtfully, “Yeah, you know talking about Teddy and babies and all that. I always thought that Sadie and Theo would be the first to have kids, but I didn’t think they would start their family so young. Then again…I didn’t think that Daphne and I would either.”

 

“It’s not quite the same though,” Neville said, “Although it’s still a huge commitment.”

 

“Aside from the pregnancy, it is the same,” Harry argued, “In fact, in some ways, it’s harder. We don’t get to start anew; we have to come in halfway through and try to work out what we’re doing. We muddle through okay though so if we can keep doing that, I think it will all work out for the best.”

 

“I think it probably will,” Neville said, he patted Harry on the back, “You and Daphne have been through a hell of a lot together. If anyone can do this at our age, it’s you two.”

 

Harry smiled at his best friend, “That means a lot, Nev, thanks.”

 

From that point, their day progressed normally for a little while, but it was a Friday which meant that they had the simulation room in the afternoon. When they got there, Sheppard stood outside as usual. He always gave them a little brief before they went in, but this week, it was different.

 

“Wood and Zabini, Harper and Wilde,” Sheppard said, “You guys are going to be dealing with a serial rapist today. There will be a case file when you get in there, and I expect the four of you to work together to catch your guy. Understood?”

 

They all nodded, so Sheppard opened the door to the ‘Junior Trainee Simulation Room’, and they went through.

 

Sheppard shut the door behind them and clapped his hands, “So that means what you think it does boys. You have all gotten enough points to advance to the next room. From now on, you will be in the ‘Intermediate Trainee Simulation Room’, and I expect, like everyone else before you, that you think this means you get cooler, more dangerous cases.”

 

They couldn’t lie; that was what they had expected.

 

“But the truth is that the cases aren’t any harder, or any more dangerous,” Sheppard explained, “But the stakes are higher. Do you see these little lights above the simulation room doors?

 

They nodded. There was a light above each room. At the moment the only one which was lit up was the one above the ‘Junior Trainee Simulation Room’, and it was green.

 

“Green means the room is active,” Sheppard said. He waved his wand and the light above the ‘Intermediate Trainee Simulation Room’ turned red, “And red means the room is live. Do you know what that means?”

 

Draco nodded, “It means that anything that happens to us in there, really happens.”

 

“That’s right, to a degree,” Sheppard agreed, “You can’t die in the simulation room. A killing curse will knock you out for a good two days, though. But any cuts, bruises, burns, that you receive in there will remain on your body when you come out. That’s why this will be your first mission with a Healer.”

 

Neville looked up hopefully as a door opened, but his face fell when he realised that it wasn’t Lilly.

 

“Sorry to disappoint kid,” The dark-haired woman said, “But your girlfriend isn’t allowed on field missions just yet.”

 

Sheppard chuckled, “This is Clara Selwyn, she’s an STH which stands for Senior Trauma Healer. We have two grades of Trauma Healer here at the centre and in the Auror ward of St. Mungos. Anyone know the difference?”

 

Neville nodded and said, “STH and JTH. Junior Trauma Healers have got the same medical expertise as Senior Trauma Healers, but Senior Trauma Healers have completed an intensive year-long programme which also qualifies them as Aurors.”

 

“Correct, Longbottom,” Sheppard said, “When we send you out on a real mission, we send you with two Healers, an STH and a JTH. You’ll address Clara here as Auror Selwyn when you’re working with her in the field, and you’ll address Longbottom’s girlfriend as Healer Moon, that’s the difference.”

 

They all nodded their understanding.

 

“For the moment, until Moon is qualified, you’ll just have Selwyn with you in the simulation room,” Sheppard explained, “And this is the first time we’ve had this happen.”

 

Harry looked at him in surprise.

 

Sheppard smiled proudly and said, “We get our JTS’s shipped back from France in February, and normally, the Recruits aren’t ready to progress to the intermediate room until March.”

 

“Well we’re not your normal recruits, sir,” Harry admitted.

 

“Yes Potter, you aren’t,” Sheppard said, “And you have done more than enough to prove that but just remember, when you go into that room today, you can get seriously hurt.”

 

“Yes, sir,” They all echoed.

 

“Alright,” Sheppard said, “Today you’re dealing with an attack on a muggle school. You have dark wizards and school children; you need to protect the kids while making sure you catch the guys responsible. It is based on a real attack that happened during the second wizarding war, so if anyone feels that they need to sit it out, for personal reasons, please say so.”

 

None of them said anything, so Sheppard nodded, “Alright then. Good luck, guys. Clara, keep them alive for me; they are the most promising recruits I’ve seen for years.”

 

“Yes, sir,” Clara said with a smile. She holstered her wand and looked at the four younger men, “You ready?”

 

They all nodded, but as they entered the room, Theo whispered, “Is it wrong that I find her hot considering she’ll be my sister-in-law when she marries Sorenson?”

 

“Is it wrong that I agree even though she's my girlfriends boss?” Neville whispered.

 

Harry snorted in amusement, “She’s pretty badass,” he agreed.

 

Their conversation came to an end as the door to the room shut, and the simulation materialised around them. They were inside a muggle school which was surrounded by Death Eaters.

 

“Why are Death Eaters attacking a muggle school?” Harry muttered with a frown.

 

“Because, towards the end of the war, Voldemort stared to seek out magical children so that he could train them up from a young age,” Clara replied darkly, “And he found one in this school, a pureblood who had been adopted and raised as a muggle. They besieged the school to get to the child.”

 

“So it's our job to get the kids out of here,” Harry said with a nod, “Alright then, first things first, let’s do a diagnostic charm. Theo, would you do the honours?”

 

“Of course,” Theo replied. He shut his eyes, whispered an incantation, performed a fancy wrist movement and thrust his wand upwards.

 

A golden dome shimmered around the entire school, “Anti-apparition wards,” Draco muttered.

 

“Of course, it would be too easy otherwise,” Harry said. Theo moved his wand in a circular motion, and as he did so, red spots glimmered in the playground. Each one was at a gate or exit.”

 

“Proximity charms,” Neville sighed, “So we either break down their defences and get the kids out sneakily, or we need to defeat the Death Eaters first.”

 

“We need to defeat the Death Eaters first,” Harry said with a frown, “Because some are in the school, I’m sure. Theo, can you do a life-form scan, but only scan for magical signatures?”

 

Theo nodded. He cast the charm, and a silver number appeared in the air before them, “9.”

 

“Five of them are us,” Neville said.

 

“So that means there are four Death Eaters in the building,” Harry said, “And I saw another three outside.”

 

“I hate to suggest the obvious then, but shouldn’t we split up?” Theo asked.

 

“If we split up, who does Auror Selwyn go with?” Draco asked.

 

“No one,” Clara replied, “I’ll find myself an empty classroom and set myself up in case anyone gets injured. I will give each of you one of these.”

 

She handed them all a box with a tiny beetle in it.

 

“Put it on your skin, and it will burrow in,” Clara instructed them. She pulled a stone tablet out of her medical bag, “All of your life signs will show up on here so I’ll be able to monitor you remotely. If you urgently need assistance, extract the bug with Accio, and I’ll be with you as quickly as possible.”

 

“That’s disgusting,” Theo said as he looked at the bug.

 

“But necessary, so do it,” Harry said. He took the beetle out and placed it on his arm, it burrowed in, and he winced at the sharp pain he felt as it did so. The others all did the same, although Theo did look a little green at the prospect.

 

“Okay,” Harry said, “Neville and I will go this way. You guys go that way. Take out Death Eaters without hurting the kids and be prepared for mass obliviation. If you need help, send a Patronus. Got it?”

 

“Yep,” Theo said.

 

Draco nodded, “Got it.”

 

“Great. Then let’s move out,” Harry said. He pulled his wand from its holster and jogged off down the corridor with Neville hot on his heels.

 

 

“Trust you to get injured in our first live simulation,” Harry said with a snort as he sat next to Neville’s bed.

 

Neville blinked his eyes, wearily, “Where am I?”

 

“Hospital wing,” Harry replied.

 

“What time it is?”

 

“7 pm. You were out for a little while,” Harry yawned, “How you feeling?”

 

“My skin hurts,” Neville groaned, “It feels tight and sensitive.”

 

“That might have something to do with the second-degree burns you got when you jumped in front of a flamethrower curse to save those little kids,” Harry said calmly.

 

“Shit, are we in trouble?” Neville asked.

 

Harry shook his head, “Sheppard called you stupidly noble, but we’re not in trouble. You might be when Lil finds out that Paris won’t be happening this weekend though.”

 

Neville’s face fell, “Fuck!”

 

“Clara’s gone back to France for the weekend,” Harry continued, “She said she would tell Lilly the bad news when she got back, but I’ll floo her when I get home for good measure.”

 

“Is there no way I can go?” Neville asked desperately.

 

Harry shook his head, “You’ve got raw skin, Nev. Frasier and Keller had to remove all the dead layers; it was brutal. You were in a right state when you came in, but they reckon you’ll be fine by Monday. You just need bed rest all weekend.”

 

Neville threw his head back against the pillow, “Lils going to be gutted.”

 

“She’ll just be glad you’re okay,” Harry assured him, “So rest, alright? And I’ll nip in and visit you on Sunday.”

 

“Fine, see you later, Harry.”

 

“Bye, Nev!”

 

 

“Hey.”

 

Lilly looked up from her cold cup of coffee as Clara walked into the break-room, “Hey.”

 

“Heard you lost your first patient today,” Clara said. She dropped down across from her and placed a brown bag on the table, “You feeling okay?”

 

Lilly shrugged, “I guess. It’s just…I did everything that I could, you know? But he still died, and I know it wasn’t my fault, but I still feel so helpless. The whole thing just reminds me of the war and this friend I had, Stephen, I trained him up to help me in my makeshift hospital wing then he died in the final battle and…I know I couldn’t have healed him of the killing curse, but that didn’t make me feel any better.”

 

“It happens to all of us,” Clara said with a sad smile, “We lose patients, but its what drives us on to keep healing people. We do it for the ones we couldn’t save, and we always remember them. I can tell you the name of every patient I’ve lost, and I can still see all of their faces in my mind.”

 

Lilly nodded but remained silent.

 

Clara opened the bag and placed a blueberry muffin in front of her, “That’s your favourite, right?”

 

“Yeah,” Lilly said with a weak smile, “Who died? You’ve never brought me cake.”

 

“Well, you know how I had that whole field assignment this afternoon?” Clara asked.

 

“Yeah…”

 

Clara launched into full lecturer mode, “Well, I was in England with the trainee Aurors today. You know how they have simulation rooms there?”

 

Lilly nodded.

 

“There are different levels of simulation room. Normally, the recruits move up to the intermediate room in March around a month after the Healer goes back there to work in the field with them,” Clara explained, “But your boyfriend and his friends are just too damn good. They have already been upgraded to the intermediate room. So this afternoon, I was with them in simulation, and it was their first live simulation, meaning that any injuries sustained remain when the simulation ends.”

 

Lilly’s eyes widened, “Oh God, is Neville okay?”

 

“That depends on your definition of okay,” Clara said with a vaguely amused smile, “He’s alive, but he’s in the hospital wing, and he will be for a couple of days which means he won’t be able to make it this weekend.”

 

“Great,” Lilly sighed, “I really needed our weekend in Paris after today…What did he do?”

 

“Something stupidly heroic,” Clara snorted.

 

Lilly scoffed, “Sounds like him. He needs to stop trying to copy Harry bloody Potter.”

 

“Yeah,” Clara said thoughtfully, “He surprised me, you know?”

 

“Who, Harry?” Lilly asked in surprise.

 

Clara nodded, “You describe him as quite goofy and funny, but he was intense. He just took charge, and he was a natural.”

 

Lilly shrugged, “Well, that makes sense. I see him at home with his snarky fiancé and his cute little kid, you know? But from what I’ve heard of how he was in the war, I guess he probably just snaps back into that sort of War Harry mode when he’s in the field. But how exactly did Neville get injured?”

 

“He jumped in front of a flamethrower curse to save some kids,” Clara replied.

 

Lilly looked at her, incredulously, “Why didn’t he just use a shield charm?”

 

“Oh don’t worry, he got those exact words roared at him by Harry while I was performing emergency first aid,” Clara snorted, “Then he apologised for yelling, and he was still sitting by Neville’s bed hours after he passed out. I reckon he’ll stay there until he wakes up.”

 

Lilly laughed, “Yeah…that’s just sums up their relationship perfectly.”

 

Clara smiled and said, “I know it’s shit, Lil, but there will be plenty of other weekends in Paris.”

 

“Yeah,” Lilly said with a sad smile, “I know. Thanks for telling me Clara, and for the muffin.”

 

“Anytime short-arse,” Clara said affectionately as a buzzer sounded.

 

Lilly moved to get to her feet, but Clara shook her head, “You’re off-duty for the day. I’ll see you bright and early on Monday.”

 

 

“What time do you call this?”

 

Harry shot his fiancé an amused look, “You got my Patronus then?”

 

“Yeah, of course, I did,” Daphne replied, “Foods in the oven for you if you’re hungry. Hows Nev?”

 

“He’s fine, he’s just gutted that he can’t go to Paris,” Harry said, “He had this whole romantic weekend planned.”

 

“Poor Lil,” Daphne sighed, “She was really looking forward to it.”

 

“I know, but his health has to come first,” Harry shrugged, “And he’ll be fine, but he needs bed rest.”

 

“How did he get hurt?”

 

“He threw himself in front of a flamethrower curse to save some little kids,” Harry replied as he threw some floo powder into the fire “In true Neville fashion. I mean shield charms are for amateurs obviously, you know?”

 

Daphne snorted, “Well, he’s okay. That’s the main thing.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry agreed, “I’m just going to floo Lilly. I know Clara was going to tell her, but I thought she might want some reassurance that Neville’s okay.”

 

“Go for it,” Daphne said with a yawn, “Teds in bed by the way. And do you want me to get your dinner out of the oven?”

 

“Yeah, please do,” Harry said. He knelt in front of the fire and said, “Centre for Trauma Healing, Amiens. The dorm of Lillian Moon.”

 

There was a pause while the floo connected; it always took a while when going between countries. Then the flames roared green, and Harry put his head inside them. For another few minutes, he looked at a stone wall until Lilly granted him access.

 

The wall slid away, and he smiled at her, “Hey, Lil.”

 

“Hey, Harry,” Lilly said with a weak smile, “How's my heroic idiot of a boyfriend?”

 

“You’ve spoken to Clara then?” Harry chuckled.

 

“Yeah, she told me what happened. Is he alright?” Lilly asked.

 

“He will be, but there’s no way he’ll make Paris this weekend,” Harry admitted, “He had second degree burns all over his body. You can imagine how much new skin has to grow over the weekend.”

 

Lilly nodded, “And if he tries to get back to normal too early, he’ll have scars.”

 

“He knows that, but he’s gutted that he’s ruined your weekend,” Harry admitted,

 

Lilly sighed, “I’m disappointed, but there will be other weekends in Paris, I guess. It’s just been a hard week, you know?”

 

“How come?” Harry asked.

 

“Things are getting tougher here,” Lilly replied, “I assist in a lot more operations, and today, we lost our first guy. I mean, I’ve seen Clara lose a patient, but this was the first time that I did too.”

 

“I get it, Lil,” Harry promised, “And I know it must be shit, but I reckon you need to focus on all the ones you have saved rather than the one person that you lost.”

 

Lilly smiled, “That’s very wise of you, thanks, Harry.”

 

Harry shrugged, “Try and have a good weekend anyway, okay?”

 

“I will. See you next weekend.”

 

“Yeah, see you, Lil.”

 

Harry pulled his head out of the fire and immediately got in trouble when the connection cut, “Hey! Do I not get to talk to her?”

 

“Sorry,” Harry said sheepishly, “She wasn’t really in the mood for talking. She lost her first patient today.”

 

“Oh shit,” Daphne said.

 

Harry nodded, “So I think she was looking forward to Paris.”

 

Daphne frowned for a moment, “I think…I have an idea!”

 

“What is it?” Harry asked.

 

“I’ll tell you later!” Daphne called, disappearing from the room in a flurry.

 

Harry shook his head in amusement and sat down at the dinner table with nobody to talk to apart from the portrait of Anastasia Malfoy, “Hey Ana, what’s up?”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Lilly! There’s a visitor in the common room for you!”

 

Lilly frowned and stepped out of her dorm room, “A visitor?” she asked as she walked towards the room, “But Neville is injured…”

 

When she stepped in, she was faced with the blonde bombshell that was Daphne Greengrass. She was wearing skinny black jeans, a white blouse and skyscraper heels. She raised an eyebrow at her friend and pouted her rouge lips, “Not good enough for you, huh? I mean I know I haven’t killed any snakes but who had your back in the final battle?”

 

Lilly grinned and hugged her, “I’ve missed you.”

 

“You saw last week,” Daphne chuckled as she drew back and flicked her long blonde hair over her shoulder.

 

“I know,” Lilly laughed, “And for the record, I saved your arse in the final battle with my wand arrows. You just used glacius on everyone that you saw.”

 

“I’m the ice queen, it’s my signature spell,” Daphne said with a smirk, “And for one weekend only, I am your replacement Neville while the real Neville lies in bed feeling sorry for himself back in London.”

 

Lilly smiled, “Thank you.”

 

Daphne grinned, “Oh, don’t thank me yet, I have got the best weekend planned for us. You are going to have a ball.”

 

“And who are you, beautiful lady?”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes as Marcel walked forward and took Daphne’s hand.

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “My name’s Daphne. Yours doesn’t happen to be Marcel, by any chance?”

 

“Yes, you have heard of me?” Marcel asked with eager eyes, “Lillian does talk about me?”

 

“Oh, she talks about you alright,” Daphne said slyly, “How good are you at your job, Marcel?”

 

“I am the best.”

 

Lilly snorted.

 

“Ah. Are you good at fixing broken bones then?” Daphne asked curiously.

 

“Of course.”

 

Daphne smirked, “Fantastic because you are going to need to do just that.”

 

She twisted his wrist, and he cried out in pain as a soft ‘pop’ sounded. Daphne took a step back and smiled sweetly, “Little tip for you Marcel. When a girl tells you she has a boyfriend, take note.”

 

Lilly was trying very hard to stifle her laughter as Daphne hooked her arm through Lilly’s, “Come on, Lilly, we are going shopping!”

 

As they exited the common room, Marcel cried, “Who was she?”

 

“Harry Potter’s fiancé,” Lucille replied with a smirk.

 

“You idiot, Marcel!”

 

Lilly grinned at her friend, “You enjoyed that far too much.”

 

“Yeah, he’s a creep,” Daphne agreed, “And I learned after my own experiences not to give creeps an inch because if you do, they take a mile.”

 

“Is that how you knew to break his wrist like that?” Lilly asked curiously.

 

Daphne nodded, “I took a couple of self-defence classes after Fawley,” she said with a shrug.

 

Lilly tightened her grip on her arm, “Thanks.”

 

Daphne smiled, “He was French, I kind of enjoyed it.”

 

“I thought you liked French guys?”

 

“Says who?”

 

“Theo,” Lilly replied.

 

Daphne scoffed, “No, I went to the Yule Ball with a French guy to piss Draco off, and he didn’t even notice because he was too busy staring at Hermione and telling Theo how beautiful she had become.”

 

Lilly snorted, “So the saga began, huh?”

 

“Yeah, and I was still stupid enough to date him for two years after that,” Daphne said with a shake of her head as they emerged in the cool, sunlight outside the centre.

 

“Well, we can’t be perfect all the time,” Lilly said with a grin, “Are you staying with me all weekend?”

 

“Yep,” Daphne replied, “And look what I have…”

 

Lilly frowned at the pink keys, “A set of keys?”

 

“A set of keys to my mother's penthouse apartment in Paris,” Daphne said in a sing-song voice.

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow at her, “And does she know that you have those keys?”

 

“No, but Astoria owed me a favour, so I asked her to borrow them for me,” Daphne replied cheerfully, “You’re going to love it, come on.”

 

Lilly just shook her head in amusement and let Daphne side apparate her into Paris. Daphne grabbed her hand and led her into the building.

 

“Bonjour, Mademoiselle Greengrass (Hello, Miss Greengrass),” A footman said with a smile.

 

“Bonjour, Monsieur Val Jean (Hello, Mister Val Jean),” Daphne said cheerfully, “Voici mon amie Lilly. Nous resterons dans l'appartement ce soi (This is my friend Lilly, we will be staying in the apartment).”

 

“Et ta mère est au courant (And your Mother knows)? ” The footman asked.

 

Daphne batted her eyelids at the footman, “Non mais tu ne sa diras pas, hein (No, but you won’t tell her, will you)?”

 

He smiled and shook his head, “Bon week-end, Mademoiselle (Have a nice weekend, Miss).”

 

Daphne beamed and dragged Lilly into the lift.

 

“Did you just flirt and bargain with the footman?” Lilly asked with an amused smile.

 

Daphne grinned, “Yes, I did. I kissed him one summer and let me put it this way; one of us wasn’t legal. So trust me, he won’t tell my mother that we’re here.”

 

“Daphne Greengrass,” Lilly tutted, “That’s scandalous.”

 

“Only a little bit,” Daphne teased. The lift came to a stop, and Daphne pulled Lilly into the penthouse apartment. Lilly stood in the doorway for a moment as she stared at the grandeur. This was an old building, and the apartment was beautiful with its ornate fireplaces and artistic furniture.

 

“Daphné, ma petite fille (Daphne, my little girl)!” A portrait of a beautiful, blonde woman above the fireplace said.

 

Daphne beamed at the portrait, “Bonjour Grand-mère. Ca fait tellement longtemps (Hello Grandmother. It has been so long)!”

 

Lilly shook her head in disbelief, “Of course, your grandmother was French. I mean no wonder you’re so flawless.”

 

Daphne chuckled, “I’m not flawless. Lilly, this is my Grandmother, Aphrodite. She’s a Cornfoot, and the family lived in France for a long time until Aphrodite came back to England to marry Hyperion Crouch, my Grandfather.”

 

“Cornfoot,” Lilly frowned, “I had a friend called Stephen; he was a Cornfoot.”

 

Aphrodite smiled, “Parlez-vous français, ma chère (Do you speak French, my dear)?”

 

Lilly nodded, “Oui, mais pas si bien (Yes, but not so well).”

 

Aphrodite’s smile widened, “Ah, then English is best. My brother, Atlas, is Stephen’s Grandfather.”

 

Daphne smiled at Lilly, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to make you sad. We are going to have a great weekend, I promise. But I just need to do something first…”

 

“Ma mère est-elle venue avec Phineas récemment, grand-mère (Has my mother been here with Uncle Phineas recently, Grandmother?” Daphne asked the portrait.

 

“Oui, ils étaient là le week-end dernier ma chère (Yes, they were here last weekend my dear).”

 

Daphne made a face, “Scourgify Maxima!”

 

“I know enough French to gather that your mother was here with a guy called Phineas?” Lilly asked with a raised eyebrow, “So how does that constitute to you deep cleaning every surface in the apartment?”

 

“Phineas is my father's brother, and my mother has been screwing him since before I was born,” Daphne said distastefully, “And he lives in Paris. That’s why I didn’t take you to the chateau because he’ll be there, but this is a Crouch property.”

 

“Right, that sounds awkward,” Lilly agreed.

 

Daphne shrugged, “Anyway, we have a busy day so we should get moving,” she said as she dumped her bag on the floor, “What were you planning on doing with Neville this weekend?”

 

“We were going to go to a magical botanical garden and then a cathedral-”

 

“Okay, we’re not going to do any of that,” Daphne cut in, “But we are going to go to the wizarding quarter of Paris because I have an errand I need to run there anyway, and also shopping!”

 

“I hate shopping, Daph,” Lilly complained.

 

“Oh come on Lilly, there’s more than clothes shops in the wizarding quarter,” Daphne said with a smile, “You’ll love it, I promise.”

 

“Will I really, though?”

 

Daphne smiled at her, “I’ll take you to a bookshop.”

 

“Fine,” Lilly agreed reluctantly.

 

 

“Ah, here we are,” Daphne said. They stopped in front of a large old-fashioned bookshop, and Lilly looked up in awe.

 

If Daphne noticed she didn’t say anything, she just opened the door and led Lilly inside. There were books stacked from the floor to the ceiling, and in the centre of the room, there was a circular desk.

 

“Ah Mademoiselle Greengrass! Ca fait tellement longtemps! Êtes-vous ici pour recueillir votre robe de mariée (Ah Miss Greengrass! It’s been so long! Are you here to collect your wedding dress)?”

 

Daphne smiled, “Oui Monsieur vergne (Yes, Mister Vergne).”

 

“Magnifique! Vous ressemblerez à un ange, j'en suis sûr (Magnificent! You will look just like an angel, I am sure).”

 

Daphne laughed and looked over at Lilly. The Ravenclaw smirked at her, “So if you’re here to pick up your wedding dress, that means you’ve set a date, and it’s sometime soon.”

 

“This is why I love you, Lilly,” Daphne chirped, “I don’t have to spend ages explaining anything to you. You are perfectly right, but I’ll tell you more when we get to the boutique.”

 

“Okay,” Lilly chuckled

 

“This is Monsieur Vergne; he guards the entrance to the wizarding quarter here. Sort of like Tom the Innkeeper is supposed to guard Diagon Alley. Only Monsieur Vergne isn’t a drunkard. He’s a very well-educated man. He just doesn’t speak any English.”

 

Lilly smiled and said, “Ravi de vous rencontrer, monsieur Vergne (Pleasure to meet you, Mister Vergne).”

 

“Et toi (And you)!”

 

He took a step back, and one of the bookcases behind him slid aside to reveal a stone spiral staircase. Daphne waved to Monsieur Vergne and pulled Lilly onto the staircase. It only led downwards.

 

“You speak French so well,” Lilly said in surprise, “I can only make out some of what you say.”

 

“I spent a large chunk of my childhood in France,” Daphne admitted, “After my father set fire to the house, my mother came out here to get away from him. It also wasn’t a coincidence that my Uncle Phineas lived here, but I didn’t work that one out until much later.”

 

“Well, you wouldn’t as a kid,” Lilly mused, “I didn’t notice that my mum's boyfriend changed every other day until I was about…eleven…”

 

Lilly stopped and stared in awe. She was reminded of the first time she had set foot in Diagon Alley. It had been like going back in time and seeing a little piece of history, and entering the Parisian wizarding quarter was no different. The narrow street was full of life, and it looked like it hadn’t changed since the renaissance. The white brick buildings stood high and proud, with their feature window frames and traditional slate roofs. Every shopfront had a covered stone porch with impressive archways opening it up to the street. The shop signs were all bright and colourful, each one with the shop title in pretty italicised writing.

 

“Wow,” Lilly whispered.

 

Daphne smiled at her friend, “That was what I said when I first saw it too. I think this is probably my favourite place in Europe, Lil. Let me show you some of the best bits.”

 

She pulled Lilly along the cobbled street and pointed out individual buildings like the very grand looking post office and the bank, which was more impressive than even Gringotts. Lilly found herself standing in front of the huge black and gold structure, staring up in awe.

 

“I always wanted to work there you know,” Daphne said conversationally, “When I decided that I was going to be a Curse Breaker I had my heart set on that bank, it’s called Banque Parisienne.”

 

“What made you change your mind?” Lilly asked.

 

“Harry,” Daphne answered honestly, “I met Harry, and I wasn’t so sure that I wanted to spend my training years in France when he would be in England. Then Teddy came into our lives, and I knew I couldn’t go that far afield.”

 

Lilly frowned, “Don’t you regret that? Or do you worry you’re going to resent Harry and Teddy for it later?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “For a start, I could never resent Teddy for anything. As for regretting it? Harry and Teddy are my family; I could never regret choosing them over some swanky French bank. Then there’s Bill, he’s becoming one of my best friends, and he’s an incredible mentor so no, I don’t regret anything.”

 

Lilly’s frown deepened as Daphne dragged her into some sort of café.

 

“Lilly, I know you don’t want to get married or have kids because you think you will regret it,” Daphne said, “But not everybody feels that way. I’m happy with what I have, I love my job, and I love my family. It isn’t all about ambition or career for me; I know other people don’t feel that way. Look at Hermione; she wants to get further in her career before she even marries Draco, let alone has kids.”

 

“So what you are saying is, it’s okay not to want any of that yet?”

 

Daphne nodded and ordered two coffees in French. She turned back to Lilly and said, “It’s okay not to want that yet. But before you do marry Neville, if that’s what you want to do, you need to work out if you are ever going to want kids. A good friend once told me that every couple should have that chat before getting married because you can love someone, but what you want out of life might not be the same as what they want.”

 

“Right,” Lilly said with a nod.

 

“So do you know what you want yet?” Daphne asked curiously.

 

Lilly sighed and shook her head, “No.”

 

Daphne smiled encouragingly at her friend and handed her a cup of iced coffee, “I think you want to watch me try my wedding dress on.”

 

“Do you?” Lilly snorted.

 

Daphne shot a grin over her shoulder, “Continuez, shorty (Keep up, shorty)!”

 

Lilly shook her head in amusement, “Va te faire foutre, Daphné (Fuck you, Daphne)!”

 

“Grossière (Rude)!”

 

Lilly laughed and followed her across the narrow street, into a beautiful boutique. Lilly hung back while Daphne spoke animatedly in French with the woman who owned the shop. They were led into the back-room, and Daphne pushed Lilly into a comfortable armchair as she disappeared to be fitted for her dress.

 

“So when is the wedding then?” Lilly asked.

 

From behind the curtain, Daphne replied, “The 31st of December.”

 

“New Year?” Lilly asked in surprise.

 

“I did promise him that I would be there to ring it in with style,” Daphne’s voice said, “And I think a surprise wedding fits the bill. Don’t you?”

 

“Yes, I think so,” Lilly agreed with an amused smile, “Where are you having it?”

 

“Just at Potter Manor,” Daphne replied, “We don’t want anything too big or fancy. It will be better for Teddy if it’s somewhere that he knows as well.”

 

The curtain was drawn back, and Daphne stepped out, “What do you think?”

 

Lilly smiled genuinely, “I think you look every bit the perfect, flawless, pureblood bride.”

 

“I’m sure there was a compliment in there somewhere,” Daphne laughed as she did a swivel.

 

“You look beautiful,” Lilly said as she admired the dress that Daphne had chosen. It was floor-length and slim-fitting, so it flattered Daphne’s figure perfectly. The satin bodice was low-cut and decorated with diamantes, but the sleeves were made from lace. The dress was pulled in around her waist with a rose gold ‘S’ shaped clip, and the satin skirt clung to every one of her curves.

 

“That clip is real gold, isn’t it?”

 

Daphne scoffed, “Of course it is. Would I settle for anything less?”

 

“No,” Lilly said with an amused shake of her head, “No, I don’t think you would.”

 

Daphne smiled and turned around, “Tracey always told me that I was perfect apart from my arse. Does it look fat in this?”

 

“No, your arse definitely doesn’t look fat,” Lilly snorted.

 

“In which case, as long as I do not gain any weight at Christmas, this will fit perfectly!” Daphne chirped.

 

“So Sadie will be doing last-minute adjustments on the morning of the wedding then,” Lilly said with a smirk, “Because I know what you’re like when Christmas pudding is on the table.”

 

“Okay, that is just bitchy,” Daphne remarked, “Oh, Madam Hugo? Pouvez-vous faire ressortir la robe de la demoiselle d'honneur?”

 

“Oui, Mademoiselle!”

 

“How are you with clothing adjustment charms?” Daphne asked Lilly curiously.

 

Lilly shrugged, “Fine, it’s just a branch of Transfiguration, and that was my best subject.”

 

“Of course it was, little miss smarty-pants,” Daphne remarked as a beautiful dress was hung up, “This is the Maid of Honours dress, what do you think?”

 

The dress was knee-length and pastel blue. It was adorned with diamontes, “It’s lovely. Sadie will look beautiful in it, even with the baby bump.”

 

“Hmm,” Daphne hummed, “She won’t. Do you want to try it on?”

 

“What?” Lilly frowned.

 

Daphne laughed, “Haven’t you worked it out yet, Lil? Sadie and I talked last week, and we both agreed that it would be better if she wasn’t my maid of honour. Partly because we’re drifting apart and partly because of her being pregnant. But I’m glad that it turned out the way it did because I want you to be my maid of honour.”

 

“Me?”

 

“Yeah, you short-arse,” Daphne said with a grin, “If you want to, of course. You do want to, don’t you?”

 

“Of course I want to,” Lilly said a little tearfully, “I just…I’ve never had a close female friend before. I’ve always been a bit like Neville, I’ve had lots of friends from different walks of life but never a friend who would ask me to be her maid of honour or come to Paris just to cheer me up.”

 

“Well, you have now,” Daphne said with a genuine smile, “So will you try the dress on?”

 

“Yeah, I’ll try the dress on.”

 

“I even made it short for you because a long dress would just emphasis how tiny you are, and you are so incompetent in high heels-”

 

“Stop being mean to me just because you feel awkward for showing emotion,” Lilly said, shooting her a knowing look as she disappeared behind the curtain.

 

 

After the dress fitting, Daphne fulfilled her promise and took Lilly to the oldest wizarding bookshop in Europe. They spent an hour browsing and a further two hours under a blanket in the snug at the back of the shop as they argued about French history over a dusty old book.

 

“Come on. We need to get back to the apartment and get changed before we go out tonight,” Daphne said when she noticed the time.

 

Lilly asked where they were going, but Daphne refused to tell her. They got back to the apartment, and Daphne said, “It’s only a one-bedroom, but we can just share, that’s okay, isn’t it?”

 

“Considering the size of that bed, yeah that’s fine,” Lilly said as her eyes were drawn to the window.

 

“It’s only a king. You should see the size of Harry and I’s bed in the manor,” Daphne remarked as she began to pull clothes out of shopping bags.

 

“Why do you need anything bigger than that?” Lilly asked. She opened the window and leant on the ledge as she looked at the view over Paris, “And can I just say, I love you? I mean you can see the freaking Eiffel Tower from this window! Will this place be yours when you get married?”

 

“It will be fair game when my mother dies, but I’ll have to fight Astoria for it,” Daphne said with an amused smile, “She loves it here too, and in answer to your question, we have a huge bed because Harry has nightmares all the time, ever since he stopped drinking.”

 

“Of course,” Lilly said with a nod, “And he flails, I guess?”

 

“Like a fish,” Daphne said with a roll of her eyes, “Hurry and get changed or we’ll be late for dinner.”

 

“What’s wrong with what we’re wearing?” Lilly asked as she turned away from the window.

 

“It’s fine for shopping but not for where we’re going,” Daphne said simply.

 

Lilly looked at the outfit on the bed, “No way.”

 

“I know, beautiful right?”

 

“No, I mean there is no way that I am wearing that,” Lilly said in disbelief.

 

“Why?” Daphne exclaimed.

 

“Because it’s so sexy and I am not.”

 

“Yes, you are,” Daphne scoffed, “You just hide it behind baggy jeans and jumpers. You are going to look stunning in this, so get dressed.”

 

“I won’t be able to walk in those heels,” Lilly argued.

 

“I know you won’t, I’ll hold you up,” Daphne promised.

 

The outfit in question was a simple black dress, but it was short and low-cut, which were two things that Lilly didn’t often look for in clothing. The heels were black, sparkly, and at least two inches higher than the only heels she could comfortably walk in.

 

“Just put it on, you’ll look great!” Daphne said as she disappeared into the bathroom.

 

 

When Daphne emerged from the bathroom, entirely made up and ready to go, she stared at Lilly in disbelief.

 

“It looks awful, doesn’t it?”

 

“Sweet Salazar girl, have some confidence!” Daphne exclaimed, “I swear, you have never looked hotter. Neville will be devastated that he missed this weekend.”

 

Lilly smiled sheepishly, “You’re just saying that because you’re my friend.”

 

“No, I’m not. You really ought to dress for your assets more often,” Daphne remarked.

 

Lilly snorted, “So you’re eyeing me up now? Great. Also, your outfit is just…wow.”

 

“I know, right?”

 

“Does Harry know you’re wearing that?” Lilly asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“No, but Harry loves this outfit.”

 

“I can see why,” Lilly stated. The dress was a silver sequinned body-suit with a floor-length white lace skirt that was almost completely see-through, “How does he feel about you wearing that around other guys?”

 

“He doesn’t care. I think he kind of likes it actually because he’s the one who gets to take me home at the end of the night,” Daphne said suggestively.

 

Lilly shook her head in amusement, “It’s a miracle you aren’t the pregnant one with the amount of sex you two have.”

 

“Oh like you can talk, half of your course-mates heard you screaming Neville’s name on your first night

 in France,” Daphne chimed in with a smirk.

 

“I wasn’t screaming,” Lilly muttered.

 

“Moaning very loudly?”

 

“Yeah, we’ll go with that,” Lilly said evasively, “Where are we going tonight?”

 

“Only the most prestigious place in Paris.”

 

Lilly narrowed her eyes at Daphne, “Where?”

 

“The Moulin Rouge,” Daphne replied, “Come here and let me put some red lipstick on you and then you’ll be perfect enough to be my date.”

 

 

When Daphne and Lilly stumbled through the door of the apartment late that night, they were both very tipsy.

 

“Well, that was certainly an experience; you were right about that,” Lilly laughed.

 

“I told you that you would love it!” Daphne said, she kicked her heels off, “But good Godric, I need to get out of this dress!”

 

“Good Godric?” Lilly snorted, “Holy fuck, you’ve been with a Gryffindor for too long!”

 

“It’s a sin,” Daphne grinned, “What do you lot say anyway?”

 

“Us lot?”

 

“Ravenclaws,” Daphne said as she picked up her wand, “I mean there’s good Godric, Sweet Salazar and Holy Helga.”

 

“We don’t have a phrase,” Lilly said, “And you are so not transfiguring your clothes right now, you’re way too drunk. Just get changed like a normal human.”

 

“Why don’t you have a phrase?” Daphne asked, “Accio pyjamas,” she said then she dropped her wand.

 

Two pairs of pyjamas flew out of the bag, and Daphne threw the blue set at Lilly.

 

“Because we don’t believe in taking our founder's name in vain,” Lilly replied.

 

Daphne laughed out loud, “Don’t you? That’s cute.”

 

Lilly looked at the pyjamas, “What is this?”

 

“Pyjamas. I knew you wouldn’t have time to pack, so I packed some for you. They’re blue for your house, and they also match your eyes,” Daphne said cheerfully.

 

“Why does it matter if they match my eyes?” Lilly muttered, “Do you expect me to wear these?”

 

“I’ll be offended if you don’t!” Daphne retorted. She disappeared into the bedroom, and Lilly shook her head, “She’s going to be the death of me,” she muttered as she nipped into the bathroom to change.

 

When she came out, dressed in what Daphne called pyjamas, she could hear her friend clattering about in the kitchen. The pyjamas were very short silk shorts with a lace hem, and the top was a lacy crop-top that only covered up what needed to be covered. Daphne was wearing the same set, but hers were emerald green.

 

“See? You look great in everything,” Daphne said, putting a glass of wine in Lilly's hand.

 

“Who worries about looking great in pyjamas?” Lilly asked. She felt incredibly self-conscious.

 

“I do,” Daphne shrugged.

 

“Why? Nobody sees you!”

 

“Harry does.”

 

“And Harry would shag you if you were wearing rags,” Lilly pointed out, “I just wonder around wearing Neville's t-shirts.”

 

“That doesn’t surprise me, and also, guys love that,” Daphne said as she flopped on the sofa and patted the spot next to her, “But it’s a lot easier for you than me.”

 

“What do you mean?” Lilly chuckled.

 

“Look at the size difference between you and Neville; one of his t-shirts would be like a nightdress for you. Harry’s t-shirts barely cover anything when I wear them,” Daphne snorted.

 

“No wonder he likes it then,” Lilly sniggered.

 

Lilly sat down and grabbed a blanket that was hanging on the back of the sofa. She threw it over them, and Daphne sighed happily, “I have had such a great day. I love Paris, and I’m so excited for the wedding now that I’ve seen my dress on properly. I still can’t quite believe I’m actually marrying boy wonder.  Actually, I can’t believe I’m getting married at all.”

 

“Uh, why?”

 

“Oh you know, the way my life was going,” Daphne said with a shrug, “I just wasn’t expecting to get married. I probably would have become a lesbian. Girls are so much less shallow…”

 

“What are you on about?” Lilly laughed.

 

“Well,” Daphne said with a frown, “With everything that happened with Draco and Blaise, I was starting to give up on guys. I mean with Draco and me, there were feelings, but there was also a marriage contract. I think he thought he could do whatever he wanted and I would just sit there like a wallflower and let him because I was lucky enough to have a marriage contract with a Malfoy,” she rolled her eyes, “But then he took the dark mark, and I stood up for myself.”

 

Lilly nodded.

 

“Then during the war, there was Blaise who doesn’t even remember our thing because we obliviated him,” Daphne said with a wave of her hand, “You know the story, right?”

 

“He tried to kill your sister because he was under the imperius curse so you had Draco obliviate him and then you sent him away,” Lilly said with a nod.

 

“Exactly, but even with Blaise, I knew he wanted a relationship, but I was never sure if it was because he wanted me or if he wanted a trophy wife,” Daphne said with a sigh, “I know guys think I’m hot and I was starting to think that all they wanted me for was my body. I kind of started to feel like that was all that I was worth to them.”

 

“I can kind of understand that,” Lilly said honestly, “Are you saying it’s a curse to be so hot?”

 

“I’m not like this all the time,” Daphne laughed, “This is me all made up. When you see me with a hangover in the morning, you’ll realise that I’m pretty plain underneath it all.”

 

“I’ve seen you first thing in the morning with a hangover before,” Lilly reminded her, “And you are still naturally beautiful unlike me.”

 

“Oh, stop putting yourself down,” Daphne scoffed, “You don’t make yourself up every single day which means on a night like tonight, everyone looks at you and goes woah, Lilly is hot as fuck!”

 

“People don’t think that,” Lilly sniggered.

 

“They do,” Daphne sang, “It’s too much effort to keep up my level of beauty all the time.”

 

“You don’t even need to,” Lilly said as she sipped her wine.

 

“Anyway, that was why it took so long for Harry to break me down and convince me to be in a relationship with him, you know? It took me a long time to realise that he was different,” Daphne admitted.

 

“I get that,” Lilly agreed, “I mean, I kind of thought I was gonna be a spinster.”

 

“A spinster?” Daphne scoffed, “Lil, you’re only 19 now!”

 

“I know, but it was just the way my life was going,” Lilly shrugged, “I’m from a rough part of London, and my dad left my mum when I was a kid. He was in and out of my life, but every time he was at the flat, they were screaming at each other. It was like…my mum lost all of her self-worth because her husband left her for another man. She dated loser after loser, and I swear, I started to lose track. I would go away to school in September and say bye to Steve then when I got back for Christmas she was shagging David.”

 

Daphne snorted, “My mother was kind of like that. There were a few guys, one of them was her own brother which was just the worst. I mean my Uncle Julian is a freak, that’s pretty much why we don’t see him. That and he’s in and out of Azkaban.”

 

“You’ve gone so far off-topic,” Lilly said through her laugher, “Can you even find your way back to the point?”

 

“Shh, of course I can,” Daphne hushed her friend, “The point was that the one she kept going back to was my Uncle Phineas. The thing is, I don’t like to admit that I’m like my mother, but I am. I fall hard, and I hate it because I see what falling hard did to her.”

 

“Harry isn’t an abusive bastard like your father was,” Lilly reminded her.

 

“I know. That’s why I finally stopped being stupid and said yes when he asked me out,” Daphne said with a smile, “But carry on with your story about your mum.”

 

Lilly chuckled, “The point I was making was that I figured I was doomed to be like my mum. I thought I’d just date losers and if that was the case, I’d probably be happier on my own, you know?”

 

Daphne nodded.

 

“I mean I dated Michael Corner in sixth year and then had this on/off thing with him in the war,” Lilly said with a roll of her eyes, “But I just feel like he was beneath me, you know?”

 

“And was he beneath you?” Daphne asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

“He was more behind me, to be honest,” Lilly said, shooting Daphne an amused grin.

 

“And to think you insulted me for all my broom closet sex?” Daphne tutted, “Lillian Moon, your true colours are coming out!”

 

Lilly just laughed, “You get the point though, right? There was Michael then Ron-”

 

“Ron treated you like shit, and you are so much better than him,” Daphne agreed quickly, “Let’s just not go into that in any more detail.”

 

“Deal,” Lilly agreed, “So I thought I’d end up alone with a bunch of cats.”

 

“You hate cats.”

 

“Exactly!” Lilly said with an amused grin.

 

Daphne laughed, “So what we’re saying is that if I hadn’t started dating Harry, and you hadn’t fallen head over heels for Nev, we’d both be lesbians?”

 

Lilly remarked, “I didn’t say that you said that. Why did you jump straight into being a lesbian?”

 

“Because I’ve always been on the fence, to be honest,” Daphne said with a shrug, “I don’t really care about gender, just if I like the person and find them attractive. You know the girls and I were talking about our ratios a few weeks ago while you were still over here and mine is definitely 50:50.”

 

“You could just say you’re bisexual,” Lilly pointed out.

 

“My way was more dramatic,” Daphne grinned, “What’s your ratio?”

 

“I don’t know,” Lilly admitted.

 

“Oh come on, you must know,” Daphne said, “Even Sadie and Hermione know their ratio. They are both 70:30. The 30 is for each other.”

 

“Sadie and Hermione?” Lilly asked in disbelief.

 

“Oh, you didn’t hear about that then?” Daphne asked, “They had a foursome after graduation.”

 

“What?”

 

“Yep,” Daphne smirked, “That’s why they are so close these days.”

 

“Holy shit.”

 

“So what’s your ratio?”

 

“I genuinely don’t know,” Lilly admitted, “There’s not any hot lesbians in the estate I grew up so I can’t say I thought about it much. I mean I’ve never even kissed a girl so-”

 

“You’ve never even kissed a girl?” Daphne echoed, “How boring is the Ravenclaw common room?”

 

“How interesting is the Slytherin one?” Lilly countered.

 

“I don’t think you’ll find a single girl in Slytherin whose ratio is anything less than 70:30,” Daphne sniggered, “I mean how can you have gone through eight years at Hogwarts without kissing a girl?”

 

“Because there wasn’t much choice in Ravenclaw,” Lilly snorted, “I mean the only decent looking girl I spoke to was Luna.”

 

“Oh so into blondes are you, Lilly?” Daphne joked.

 

Lilly shook her head in amusement, “Shut up,” she retorted.

 

“I would offer to kiss you so you could work out what your ratio is,” Daphne said with a grin, “But the last time I did that, I turned the girl gay.”

 

“Who the hell did you turn gay?” Lilly asked through her laughter.

 

“Ginny Weasley,” Daphne said proudly, “Her ratio is 90:10 because she wants to shag Blaise’s sister. I don’t even blame her, Blanche Zabini is stunning. I mean, I would so go there if I was single.”

 

“How many girls have you kissed, exactly?” Lilly asked in amusement.

 

“A few…” Daphne remarked, “Tracey was the first, then there was Sadie. More recently, Susan and Ginny.”

 

“Susan and Ginny?” Lilly snorted, “Got a thing for redheads, have you?”

 

“Maybe I do, watch yourself, Lil,” Daphne joked.

 

“Oh, come on then,” Lilly said, putting down her wine glass.

 

“What?” Daphne asked.

 

“If it’s such a tragedy that I’ve never kissed a girl before, then come on,” Lilly teased.

 

“Oh no, I mean I wasn’t trying to pressure you into anything,” Daphne cut in, “I was just winding you up.”

 

Lilly sniggered, “So you’re a typical Slytherin then? You talk the talk, but you can’t walk the walk.”

 

“Oh no, no, you’re not getting away with that one.”

 

“Well come on then,” Lilly joked.

 

Daphne put her glass of wine down and leant across to close the distance between them. She held Lilly’s face with both hands, and tentatively pressed her lips against Lilly’s. She was expecting Lilly to laugh and pull away after a peck, just to say that she had done it.

 

It was Lilly who surprised Daphne by shuffling closer to her on the sofa, putting her arms around Daphne and deepening the kiss. She parted her lips slightly, and Daphne took this as encouragement. She ran her tongue along Lilly’s upper lip and smirked involuntarily when Lilly gasped, almost inaudibly.

 

When Daphne’s tongue slipped into Lilly’s mouth, it became a heated battle for dominance with both their tongues tangling together. Daphne eventually won the battle and then decided to end the kiss before she became too tempted to take things any further. When they broke apart, Lilly’s cheeks were a little pink, and they were both breathing heavily.

 

“Please tell me I didn’t turn you gay, because I think Neville will kill me if I did.”

 

Lilly laughed and took a deep drink from her wine glass which broke the tension in the air. She shook her head and said, “No, as great as that was, I have no desire to run off with another woman.”

 

“But your ratio definitely isn’t 100:0. Is it?” Daphne grinned as she sipped her own wine.

 

“No,” Lilly admitted, “70:30.”

 

“Am I the 30?” Daphne asked smugly.

 

“Is my best friend, who made me cry by asking me to be her maid of honour then snogged the life out of me, the 30% of me that’s into women? Yeah, I think she probably is,” Lilly replied with an amused chuckle.

 

Daphne laughed and wrapped her arms around Lilly, “Thank you.”

 

“For kissing you?” Lilly snorted.

 

“No, you pain in the arse,” Daphne said, she whacked Lilly with a pillow, “For being my friend. I just want you to know that you’re not like a back-up Sadie or anything. It’s just been hard for me to let you in because you really remind me of Tracey.”

 

“I know I do,” Lilly admitted as she leant into Daphne’s embrace.

 

“I love Sadie, but she doesn’t stand up to me. Tracey always did, and you do as well. When I’m being a bitch, you tell me,” Daphne admitted, “And I need that because I can be a right foul bitch.”

 

“You can be,” Lilly chuckled.

 

“And you tell it to me how it is,” Daphne said quietly, “You’re blunt and straight-forward and funny, and sometimes you’ll say something, and it’s just what she would have said and that…hurts.”

 

“I’m sorry.”

 

“Don’t say sorry for being yourself,” Daphne murmured, “I’m just sorry that I kept you at arm’s length for so long. You’re brilliant, and I love you.”

 

“You’re drunk, aren’t you?”

 

“No, I’m totally sober.”

 

“Bullshit,” Lilly snorted.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“How's the invalid doing?”

 

“I’m fine,” Neville said with a tired smile, “Just not sleeping much with the discomfort. Hey little man!”

 

Teddy grinned and made incoherent noises.

 

“He says hey Uncle Nev,” Harry said with a grin.

 

“So you speak baby as well as snake now, huh?” Neville snorted.

 

“Speaking snake is easier,” Harry joked, “And he’s my responsibility this weekend because Daphne is gallivanting around Paris with her best friend.”

 

Neville’s eyes lit up, “She went to Paris?”

 

“So that Lilly could still have a weekend of fun and relaxation,” Harry said with a smile, “Lil lost her first patient on Friday so Daphne figured she would need it.”

 

“Oh, sh – sugar plum fairies,” Neville corrected himself as Harry prepared to cover Teddy’s ears, “I’m the worlds worst boyfriend.”

 

“No, you’re not; you’re just a heroic idiot,” Harry sniggered, “Lilly’s words not mine.”

 

“Yeah, I can believe that.”

 

“Neeeeeeeee!”

 

“You can’t hug Uncle Nev, little man,” Harry said as he shuffled the baby boy on his hip, “He’s all ouchy because he’s a big silly boy!”

 

“You sound like such a prat when you do that baby voice.”

 

“You do it too when you think I’m not in the room,” Harry said, shooting his best friend a grin, “Isn’t Uncle Nev a big silly eejit, Teddy?”

 

Teddy chuckled and clapped his hands, and a new voice said.

 

“Oh my gosh! Is this Dora’s little boy?”

 

Harry turned around and smiled at Keller, “Yeah, this is Teddy.”

 

“I knew you looked after him,” Keller said with a smile, “But I didn’t realise he was so darn adorable. Hi there little guy!”

 

Teddy giggled and reached out for her.

 

“Oh, can I have a cuddle with him?”

 

“Sure,” Harry said with a smile as he handed Teddy to Keller, “He likes blonde women because they remind him of Daphne, my fiancé. She’s been around since he was months old and soon, we’ll be adopting Teddy officially.”

 

“Oh, that’s wonderful news, Harry,” Keller said, “Hello, little guy!”

 

Harry sat down on the edge of Neville’s bed, and Neville raised an eyebrow at him, “Harry? Since when are you Harry, not Recruit Potter?”

 

“Since I brought a cute baby in. Women love guys with babies, they think they are responsible, and it makes them want them,” Harry said with a smug grin.

 

“I’m sure Daph would be thrilled if she knew you were using Teddy to attract women,” Neville said sarcastically.

 

“Shut up, or I’ll poke your sore bits.”

 

“I’m sore everywhere.”

 

“Exactly, so it won’t be hard, will it?” Harry retorted.

 

Neville snorted, “Did you come here to slag me off?”

 

“Nah I came to flirt with Keller,” Harry joked in a whisper.

 

Neville sniggered.

 

“And to tell you that you better start preparing a best man speech because I’m getting married on New Year's Eve,” Harry added.

 

“This year?” Neville asked in surprise.

 

“Yep, but it’s a surprise. Only the best man and the maid of honour know, oh and Astoria because Daphne couldn’t keep her mouth shut,” Harry added.

 

Neville sniggered, “So me, Astoria and Sadie then?”

 

“Nope, you, Astoria and Lil,” Harry said with a smile, “Daphne combined visiting Lil with her first fitting for her wedding dress. She asked Lil to be the maid of honour, she and Sadie talked about it last week and decided that it was for the best.”

 

“Lil will cry.”

 

Harry snorted, “I’ve never seen Lil cry. Well, apart from one but that was angry, I hate Ron tears.”

 

“I’m telling you, Lilly has never had a female best friend,” Neville said with a smile, “She’ll definitely cry.”

 

“You’d know better than me,” Harry said with a smile, “But either way, it’s a secret so you can’t tell anyone, okay? Just like you can’t tell anyone that the adoption is going official really soon.”

 

“I won’t,” Neville promised.

 

“Awesome, because as my best man and Teddy’s godfather, those are your two main jobs,” Harry chirped.

 

“Teddy’s godfather?” Neville asked in shock, “But you’re his godfather.”

 

“Yep,” Harry agreed, “I am, but when I adopt him, I will be his father, legally.”

 

Neville frowned.

 

“Which means Daphne, and I can choose new godparents for him, and we discussed it the other night,” Harry said with a smile, “We decided that you and Lilly ought to be his godparents.”

 

Neville swallowed and grabbed Harry’s hand, “Thank you.”

 

“Don’t sweat it, Nev,” Harry said as he squeezed his best friends hand gently.

 

“Oh, and who is this little man?”

 

Neville let go of Harry’s hand as Frasier stepped out of her office.

 

“This is Teddy, Dora’s little boy,” Keller explained.

 

“Oh he’s just so sweet!” Frasier said, “Did you bring him in to visit Longbottom, Harry?”

 

Neville rolled his eyes, and Harry grinned at his Auror partner, “Yeah, I thought it would lift his spirits.”

 

“Oh he’s lovely. Carson!”

 

The male Healer stepped out of the office, “Oh, he’s a lovely wee lad, isn’t he? Is he yours, Harry?”

 

“No Carson, this is Dora’s little boy.”

 

Harry’s grin widened as he mouthed, ‘Harry’ at Neville.

 

Neville gave him the middle finger and mouthed, ‘Fuck you’ back.

 

 

“Good morning!”

 

“Why are you so happy about my imminent death?”

 

Daphne laughed and said, “Open your eyes, and I’ll give you a magic potion to make it all go away.”

 

“Including that embarrassing kiss?” Lilly asked as she opened an eye.

 

Daphne handed her a vial of potion and smirked, “Oh, I wouldn’t dream of letting you forget about that.”

 

Lilly downed the potion and rolled onto her back, “Did you just wake up?”

 

“No, I’ve been up for hours, but you were comfy, so I stayed in bed,” Daphne said. She stretched and opened the window, letting the bright sun shine into the room, “Why do you ask?”

 

“Oh just like you said last night, you do look shit in the morning,” Lilly joked.

 

Daphne laughed and threw a pillow at her, “Morning? Lillian Moon, it is nearly midday.”

 

“Why are you so happy?” Lilly yawned, “We went to bed at 4 am last night.”

 

“I’m used to the early starts,” Daphne said simply. She picked up a cup of coffee that had been resting on the sideboard and sipped it, “I have a toddler every weekend, and soon, I’m going to have him every day.”

 

“It’s going to be official soon then?” Lilly asked.

 

“Very soon,” Daphne said with a smile, “Which is a secret, just like my New Years wedding is a secret. Everyone will think they are coming to a party, but they will actually be coming to our wedding.”

 

“Don’t worry, my lips are sealed on both fronts,” Lilly promised.

 

“Good!” Daphne said as she pushed a cup of coffee into Lilly’s hands, “Because as my maid of honour, and Teddy’s future godmother, that’s all I ask of you.”

 

“Godmother?” Lilly asked.

 

Daphne nodded. She sat down on the edge of the bed and explained. “At the moment, he only has a godfather which is Harry, of course. But once the adoption goes through, in legal terms, Harry and I will be his mother and father, which means that he no longer has a godfather. We both have dangerous jobs, so if Andromeda were to die, and then something happened to Harry and me, we need the security of godparents.”

 

“And you want me to be his godmother?” Lilly asked in surprise.

 

“You and Neville,” Daphne said as she met Lilly’s eye, “If you consent, of course.”

 

“I mean…Daph, I’m honoured,” Lilly said honestly, “But I’m no good with kids.”

 

“Oh, Neville is good enough for the both of you, and you’ll get used to it the more you spend time with Ted,” Daphne said offhandedly.

 

Lilly nodded, “I really am honoured, Daph. This whole weekend has just been an emotional trip.”

 

Daphne put her coffee down and hugged Lilly gently, “I know,” she said. Then she pushed herself to her feet and added, “But it’s not over yet so drink up and get dressed. We’re going to the circus!”

 

 

The circus actually turned out to be a fairground, but Lilly didn’t mind. She had fun taking Daphne on the big wheel. They pointed out various sights to each other as they sat close together, keeping warm in the chillier air up there. When the wheel jerked, Daphne shrieked and grabbed onto Lilly’s arm, complaining that she didn’t trust ‘muggle’ contraptions.

 

They ate waffles and strolled along arm in arm until something caught Daphne’s attention, “Oooh, look!”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Real seer? As if; it will be a charlatan.”

 

“Oh it will be fun anyway, won’t it?” Daphne asked, “Come on!”

 

Lilly let herself get dragged into the smoke-filled tent, coughing all the while.

 

“Divination is a woolly form of magic,” Lilly muttered.

 

“A-ha! A witch and a non-believer!”

 

Daphne shot Lilly a pointed look, “Is it?”

 

Lilly made a face at her as Daphne pulled her through the smoke to a small circular table. Behind it, a blind woman with wild, grey hair sat.

 

“You sensed our magic?” Daphne asked.

 

“And this ones lack of faith,” The blind woman said. She rose her finger and pointed it at Lilly, “I can make her believe for the right price.”

 

“What is your price?” Daphne asked curiously, “A memory? An item?”

 

Lilly frowned, and Daphne murmured, “Old-fashioned seers don’t take payment in money. They take things that are valuable to a person; it helps keep them powerful. Seer magic runs on memories, nostalgia, deep feeling, you know?”

 

Lilly shook her head, she didn’t know, and she didn’t quite get it either.

 

“Your earliest memory, my dear.”

 

“Done,” Daphne said. She sat down across from the woman and extracted a memory from her head. The woman held out a pensieve, and Daphne placed the silvery strand into it. It swirled, and a watery image of a little blond-haired girl laughing as she sat on her father's lap shimmered on the surface for a moment.

 

“I tell fortunes to the muggles,” The old woman said, “But I think I shall show you something even more valuable.”

 

Daphne patted the seat next to her, and Lilly reluctantly sat down.

 

“Your hands, my dear?”

 

Daphne held her hands out, and the old woman took them in her own. She placed her thumbs on the palms of Daphne’s hands and took a shuddering breath, “Oh, aren’t you just mesmerising? I can see so much in your head..…ah, and I see a man…the most remarkable man.”

 

Daphne shot Lilly a look that said, ‘I told you so’.

 

“How did you meet him? At school…yes, but you did not know him then. When did your lives cross?” The older woman asked.

 

As she spoke, memories flashed in the forefront of Daphne’s mind, and the seer used a low-level legilimency charm to see them.

 

An image of her and Harry in a broom closet together in their eighth year was what was at the forefront of Daphne’s mind.

 

“What choices led you there?” The old woman asked.

 

Daphne frowned and thought about how she had chosen to go back to school.

 

“Before that, my dear.”

 

Daphne thought about how she had chosen to stay in England for Draco, rather than going travelling with Tracey.

 

“Ah, yes!” The old woman cried, “Your life could have gone one way or the other? What made you decide?”

 

“I don’t know,” Daphne admitted, “I just did.”

 

“What if you had chosen to go travelling?” The elderly woman said as she dropped Daphne’s hands, “What if there had been no final year at school? Your future would be very different.”

 

“I suppose it would be,” Daphne agreed. She opened her eyes and glanced over at Lilly, “Take my hand.”

 

“Why?”

 

“Because what’s about to happen will freak you out,” Daphne said simply.

 

Lilly grabbed Daphne’s hand warily, and the room was engulfed in smoke. They both coughed and choked for a moment until the smoke cleared and they found themselves standing in front of a house.

 

“What the – where the – what?”

 

“This is happening inside our heads,” Daphne promised, “It’s like an induced dream-state. The last memory the seer saw was of me at home, so it brought us here.”

 

“This is where you grew up?” Lilly asked.

 

Daphne nodded, “Unfortunately. Anyway, this is an alternative future. The seer is showing us what would have happened if I had gone travelling with Tracey and if none of us had gone back to school. Look.”

 

It was pouring down with rain, and Draco Malfoy was dragging himself to the door of Greengrass House. He battered on the door, and an elf answered it. He leant in the doorway under cover of the porch and Astoria appeared at the door. She smiled sympathetically at him and drew him in for a hug, ushering him into the house.

 

“Astoria?” Lilly asked in disbelief.

 

“If I hadn’t been there, Astoria would have taken him in which would have led to a very different future,” Daphne said as the world around them turned to fog then rematerialised. They were standing in front of Malfoy Manor.

 

“He would still be a Malfoy,” Lilly realised.

 

Daphne was still holding Lilly’s hand. She said, “Come on, I think we can probably walk through walls like ghosts.”

 

She took a step forward, and they did indeed walk straight through the wall into the house.

 

“Scorpius!” A female voice yelled.

 

A blond boy with slicked-back hair called, “Yes, Mama?”

 

An older Draco stepped into the entrance hall and said, “Go upstairs Scorpius. Your mother and I need to talk.”

 

“You mean fight,” The boy said, he looked around six or seven.

 

Draco gave him a pointed look, “Up to your room, go on.”

 

“Yes, Father.”

 

Scorpius disappeared, and Astoria walked out of a side door looking glamorous and beautiful, “I shall be going out for the evening.”

 

“Give up the act,” Draco said coldly, “Are you off to fuck my former best friend again?”

 

Astoria smiled sweetly, “Yes, darling, I am. Because unlike you, Theo still fucks me. Have a lovely evening, you bitter piece of shit.”

 

Without another word, she stalked out of the door, and Draco cursed at her back, “Fucking bitch,” he hissed as he stalked out of the entrance hall.

 

“Wow,” Lilly said once that had all transpired, “They got married.”

 

“Because Draco never changed his name to Black which means the marriage contract was still valid,” Daphne nodded, “And she comforted him instead of me that summer after Pansy’s death. It probably also means he didn’t ever properly get over Pansy, hence the bitterness.”

 

“And she’s fucking Theo,” Lilly said, “Which means he’s not with Sadie, right?”

 

“I don’t know; he might still be,” Daphne shrugged, “I want to see what happens to me in a future where I don’t fall in love with Harry Potter.”

 

As if on cue, the scene around then changed once more, and they were standing in an office.

 

“Is that Susan?” Lilly asked as the smoke cleared.

 

“Yep,” Daphne said with a smile, “Look.”

 

There was a plaque on her desk which said, “Susan Bones – Assistant Head.”

 

Daphne had a look around, “She’s Assistant Head of the DMLE.”

 

“Zabini. Get the fuck out of my office unless you’re here to tell me that you finally persecuted that psycho who was decapitating girls last month,” Susan said as Blaise appeared in the doorway.

 

“I did,” He said, putting a file on her desk.

 

“Excellent. Take a pay rise in April, you wonderful man,” Susan said. She kissed him on the cheek, “Now get home to your girlfriend, she’s due any day now, isn’t she?”

 

“Yes, ma’am,” Blaise said, “Don’t work too late.”

 

“Oh, don’t worry, I won’t,” Susan grinned, “It’s date night.”

 

Blaise laughed and left the office. Then Harry swept in, and god, he looked different. He was older, but it was more than just the usual lines of age. He was stressed, and he looked tired.

 

“Harry!” Susan chirped, “What can I do for the Head Auror today?”

 

“Give me a case, so I don’t have to go home?” Harry joked.

 

“I’m sorry, I can’t wish death upon someone just so that you don’t have to deal with your wife,” Susan said with a smile, “Why are you actually here?”

 

“I’ve got the weekly stats,” Harry said as he placed them on her desk, “Crime is up again, Suse. I’ve done my best, but I know there are still corrupt Aurors working underneath me and rebellion is strife. People are rising against the purebloods more than ever.”

 

“Harry Potter marrying a pureblood must help our case,” Daphne murmured, “In this alternative future, I expect he marries Ginny.”

 

“What does any of this have to do with you then?” Lilly asked.

 

“I have a hunch,” Daphne admitted.

 

Back in the office, Susan sighed and said, “It’s on the rise every week, Harry.”

 

“I know, for the last two months,” Harry agreed, “It’s only a matter of time until they start targeting purebloods for assassination Susan and you know who they will go for first.”

 

“The one I’m in love with,” Susan agreed with a sigh as her eyes flicked to the clock.

 

“Can you send her to France for a while? Until it all dies down?” Harry asked.

 

The floo roared to life, and Susan shot Harry an exasperated look, “Send her to France? Have you met my girlfriend? I can’t tell her to do anything that she doesn’t want to do.”

 

Harry smiled in amusement as the flames turned green and another version of Daphne stepped out of them. She was wearing dragonhide trousers and a kaftan vest which was tucked in at the waist. She wore biker boots with a platform heel, and she had a brilliant tan.

 

“You better not have floo-ed straight from Egypt.”

 

Daphne smirked, “Would I?”

 

“It’s illegal,” Susan reminded her.

 

“My girlfriend is the Assistant Head of the DMLE,” Daphne countered, “I’m pretty sure I’d get away with it.”

 

Susan chuckled and walked towards her. She wrapped her arms around her, then drew back and kissed her lightly, “I missed you. It’s been a tough week.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said, “Purebloods seem to think that they are on the firing line. It’s a good thing I spend most of my time in Egypt with Bill, huh?”

 

Susan just nodded, and Harry turned to leave the office, “Harry?”

 

He paused in the doorway and turned around, “If you really don’t want to go home, I can find work for you.”

 

Harry smiled gratefully, “Would you?”

 

Susan nodded, “But you need to get a divorce.”

 

Harry shrugged, “The Weasley’s don’t do divorces, Suse and I’ve got three young kids. I’ve made my bed, and now I need to lie in it.”

 

“That doesn’t mean you can’t lie in other peoples beds too,” Daphne said, her eyes flashed playfully, “We’re going to Paris for the weekend if you want to find a big ‘case’ to keep you at work?”

 

Guilt flitted through Harry’s eyes, “As tempting an offer as that is, and I mean you have no idea how tempting it is, I have to pass. She’s my wife, even if we are unhappy.”

 

“You’re too noble,” Susan said with a smile, “It’s rare in a man.”

 

“That’s why I gave up on them a long time ago,” Daphne said as she pulled her long hair out of her bun and shook it out.

 

“I second that,” Susan laughed, “But Harry? The new recruits just came in, and Shep said this bunch are weak. Why don’t you take them on a retreat for the weekend? Put them through their paces; it will take you through to Sunday night.”

 

“Thank you,” Harry said. He breathed a sigh of relief and kissed Susan on the cheek, “Thanks Suse. I just can’t face going home to another fight.”

 

“What are friends for?” Susan countered.

 

“Come on, Paris awaits,” Daphne said, tugging Susan towards the fireplace.

 

“I’m coming,” Susan laughed, “See you on Monday, Harry.”

 

Lilly snorted and said, “Okay…so you’re a lesbian.”

 

Real Daphne nodded, “With Susan. I did tell you this was how my future would have gone.”

 

“Well, you were right,” Lilly said thoughtfully, “And Harry is married to Ginny, he’s miserable.”

 

“And he said no to a threesome with Susan and me,” Daphne scoffed, “What is wrong with this version of Harry?”

 

“No Slytherin influences,” Lilly replied, “He’s just as noble as ever, probably more so.”

 

“So much so that he’ll stay in an unhappy marriage,” Daphne sighed, “I want to see what it’s like, his relationship with Ginny.”

 

The scene changed, and they found themselves standing in front of 12 Grimmauld Place.

 

“He never restores Potter Manor,” Lilly frowned.

 

“Obviously not,” Daphne agreed. She and Lilly stepped into the house.

 

“Lily!” A voice yelled.

 

Lilly jumped.

 

“I don’t think she’s talking to you,” Daphne said as Ginny stepped into the hall. She, like Harry, looked older than her years.

 

“Lily! Get down here! Dinner is going cold!” Ginny shouted up the stairs.

 

“Coming Mum!” A voice called.

 

A little ginger girl ran down the stairs, past her mother into the kitchen. Then Ginny opened a door at the back of the hall and called, “James! Albus! Dinner is ready, come inside!”

 

“Lily, James and Albus?” Daphne muttered, “That’s so not happening.”

 

“But in an alternative future he doesn’t have you to veto the names of dead people,” Lilly pointed out with a smile.

 

“True,” Daphne agreed. Two boys ran past their mother and went down the stairs into the kitchen. They both had jet black hair, but only one had Harry’s signature green eyes.

 

Ginny shut the door and sighed. Then the front door opened, and Harry stepped in. Ginny glared at him, “What fucking time do you call this?”

 

“I had to work Ginny-”

 

“You had to work?” Ginny hissed, “You always have to work, Harry!”

 

“I’m Head Auror, I’ve got a high-stress job-”

 

“High-stress job?” Ginny scoffed, “Is that why you fuck your best friend every Friday morning when you’re supposed to be in therapy?”

 

Harry’s eyes widened.

 

“Ron knows,” Ginny said coldly, “He’s throwing her out.”

 

Harry swallowed, “I’ll go up and pack my things then.”

 

“Yeah, I think you ought to,” Ginny agreed, “Therapy,” she scoffed, “It’s not much better than going to a whore for therapy.”

 

“She’s not a whore,” Harry said under his breath, “Don’t you dare call Hermione that again.”

 

“What is she then?” Ginny asked, her eyes flashing menacingly, “Your mistress? Your lover?”

 

“I don’t know, but do you know what I do know?” Harry asked coolly, “I know that she helped me through my alcoholism when you didn’t give a shit, Ginny.”

 

“I was pregnant with our first child!”

 

“And I was falling to fucking pieces!” Harry hissed, “And it was Hermione who got me on the straight and narrow. It was Hermione who made me whole again and stuck with me; it has always been Hermione.”

 

“Well, maybe you should have realised that before you had children with other people!” Ginny snapped, “Pack your bags and get the hell out! And I sure hope that you like Hermione’s kids because you’ll be seeing far more of them than your own if I get my way.”

 

“You petty, fucking bitch,” Harry hissed as he shoved past her up the stairs.

 

“Holy shit,” Lilly breathed, “Harry and Ginny hate each other.”

 

“And Harry’s been having an affair with Hermione,” Daphne said, frowning at that.

 

“Just because it happens in an alternative future, doesn’t mean it will happen in our future,” Lilly said. She tightened her grip on Daphne’s hand, “He has an affair because Hermione is there for him when Ginny isn’t. In real life, you were there for Harry through all of that, you and Nev.”

 

Daphne swallowed and nodded, “I feel like we ought to see how bad things are for Hermione. Don’t you?”

 

Lilly nodded, and smoke obscured the scene once more, “I guess she’s married to Ron from what we just heard.”

 

The scene materialised, and it was complete carnage.

 

“You fucking cheating bitch!”

 

“Ron!” Hermione cried, “Don’t do this! Not in front of the children!”

 

Two kids stood in the doorway of a small kitchen. They both had curly hair, the little girls was brown, and the little boys was red. Hermione was in tears as Ron threw bags and clothes at her.

 

“Muffliato!” Hermione said tearfully, pointing the spell at the doorway to save the kids from hearing this conversation.

 

“You don’t want your kids to know why I’m kicking out?” Ron seethed, “You don’t want them to know that you’re a whore who's been fucking her best friend for fucking years.”

 

“Ron, please-

 

“How long?” Ron asked coldly, “How long have you been screwing him behind my back?”

 

Hermione took a step back and dried her eyes on her sleeve, “Since he had the breakdown, and we decided he needed help to cope with his addiction.”

 

“The breakdown?” Ron roared, “Hermione that was years ago! I mean…is Rose even my fucking kid? Look at her! She’s not got red hair, has she? Is she even my fucking kid?”

 

“I don’t know,” Hermione replied in a whisper.

 

“You don’t fucking know?” Ron practically screamed, “Do you…I just…why the fuck did I forgive you after the war, huh? You shagged him while I was gone once, why did I think it would be different now? But I’m done caring.”

 

Ron stalked the kitchen in his rage, “He doesn’t even love you. He loves Ginny. He always has done. He just uses you; you’re just an outlet for him, a way for him to channel all the stress of his job into something else.”

 

“I know,” Hermione said.

 

“You know? And you still fuck him?”

 

“I know that he doesn’t love me,” Hermione said. She cleared her throat, “But I love him.”

 

“Well that’s great,” Ron said icily, “Because you’ll be seeing an awful lot more of him now. So get the fuck out of my house!”

 

“I don’t want to see any more of this,” Daphne said. She shut her eyes and squeezed Lilly’s hand, “I hope you and Neville get a happy ending.”

 

“You kind of got a happy ending, with Susan,” Lilly pointed, “A damn sight happier than anyone else we’ve seen so far.”

 

“I suppose,” Daphne said, “But the whole thing with Harry and Hermione just makes me feel uncomfortable.”

 

“I can understand why,” Lilly said. She frowned up at the building in front of them, “The Leaky Cauldron? Why are we here?”

 

“I don’t know,” Daphne said. They walked inside and saw a familiar-looking woman laughing and chatting at the bar.

 

“Is that Hannah?” Daphne asked.

 

Lilly nodded, “Wow, what a future.”

 

Daphne followed her line of sight to a plaque on the desk which said, “Landlady – Hannah Longbottom.”

 

“He marries Hannah?” Daphne asked in disbelief.

 

“Apparently so,” Lilly said as she scanned the pub for Neville, “And he’s not an Auror.”

 

“How do you…” Daphne trailed off as Neville walked in. He was as handsome in this future as he was in their real world. He was a bit musclier and dirtier; he was clearly a Herbologist, and from his tan, he had been abroad.

 

“Neville!”

 

Hannah dashed across the pub to him. He grinned and lifted her to kiss her, then set her back down, “Did you miss me?”

 

“Of course I did, you’ve been gone weeks! How was France?”

 

“Brilliant,” Neville said with a grin, “Bloody Brilliant Han, oh the stuff I found. I can’t wait to tell you about it. I bumped into an old friend too.”

 

“Did you?” Hannah asked, “Who?”

 

“Do you remember Lilly Moon?”

 

“Lilly Moon…the short girl who ran the hospital wing with us during the war?” Hannah asked.

 

“Yeah, she lives in Paris these days,” Neville said conversationally.

 

“Is she married?” Hannah asked.

 

“Nah, she’s just a crazy cat lady,” Neville joked, “That’s the way we’re going to go now that kids are off the cards. We’ll just have a zoo in the yard instead.”

 

Hannah smiled sadly, “I’m sorry.”

 

“Don’t be sorry,” Neville said, he kissed her on the forehead, “You can’t have kids, that’s not your fault. If we’re desperate, we can always adopt.”

 

Hannah nodded, “Still, I know you wanted a family.”

 

“What we want changes,” Neville said as he hugged Hannah, “I have you and a job that I love. Not to mention Dean, he’s my real best friend.”

 

Hannah smiled in amusement, “Has anyone told you that it’s creepy to name your kneazle after your dead best friend?”

 

“Ah maybe it is, but it keeps him alive, doesn’t it?” Neville said as he drew back from the hug, “Now. Is there a free pint on the cards? Because I’m in need of one.”

 

“Course there is,” Hannah laughed.

 

“So I’m a crazy cat lady,” Lilly said miserably.

 

“And Neville and Hannah can’t have kids,” Daphne said glumly, “This future sucks. Did you hear what he said about Dean?”

 

Lilly nodded, “He still died.”

 

“Do you think Tracey did too?” Daphne asked.

 

In answer to her question, the scene changed, and they found themselves standing in front of a grave which had the exact same dates on it as Tracey’s grave did in real life.

 

“How does that work?” Daphne asked sadly.

 

“Because when it’s someone's time, there's nothing that you can do about it. You could save them, but then they would just die in a different way the next day,” Lilly replied softly, “Death will always find a way, Daphne and unless you have the hallows, you can’t escape him.”

 

“Yeah,” Daphne sighed, “Let’s have a look at my crazy little cat lady then.”

 

The scene began to change, and Lilly groaned, “Do we have to?”

 

They found themselves in a small, ground floor apartment in Paris.

 

“Well, you’re successful,” Daphne said. She pointed to the certificates that lined the walls.

 

“I must have stayed in France after finishing my healing course,” Lilly realised.

 

“Because you didn’t have Neville to go home too,” Daphne agreed, “And you have four cats…”

 

Lilly watched as an alternate version of herself stood on the veranda, humming and planting things in a magical herb garden.

 

“Hey Mr Pickles,” She said as a cat purred around her feet.

 

“Oh no, I’ve seen enough. I’m a spinster, and Neville thinks I’m crazy,” Lily said with a shake of her head, “Can we see Sadie and Theo’s future in the hope that one of them got a happy ending?”

 

Daphne nodded and focused on Sadie and Theo. As she did so, smoke obscured the scene, and it changed once more.

 

They were in Nott Manor.

 

“Holy shit,” Lilly muttered, “I never envisioned a future in which Theo stayed here.”

 

“Me either, but in this future, I don’t think Draco and Theo are friends anymore,” Daphne admitted, “Without me there to push them back together that summer after the war, and without eighth year to heal the wounds, I think that would have been the end for them.”

 

They walked into the drawing-room and saw Sadie, who was heavily pregnant, sitting in an armchair by the fire.

 

Theo was putting his coat in.

 

“Are you going somewhere?” Sadie asked.

 

“Yeah, I’m going out,” Theo replied.

 

“To get drunk or to fuck Astoria Malfoy?” Sadie asked dryly.

 

“Want an honest answer, love?” Theo asked dryly, “If I’m lucky, both.”

 

Sadie scoffed, “You disgust me.”

 

“Oh because you’re so fucking saintly,” Theo laughed, “The minute I’m gone, Blaise will be round here putting your feet up and fetching you tea.”

 

Sadie glared at him, “That’s more than you have ever done for me. You hate me.”

 

“You hate me just as much,” Theo said as he shoved his shoes on, “And you’ve no fucking clue whose baby that is.”

 

“No, I don’t,” Sadie agreed, “It’s far more likely to be Blaise’s than yours because you only fuck me when you’re drunk and sad.”

 

Theo’s eyes flashed angrily.

 

“You can’t beat a pregnant woman, Theo,” Sadie said calmly.

 

“Keep pushing me, and I’ll challenge that,” Theo hissed.

 

Sadie rose to her feet and stared at him, coldly, “Do you know something? I hope the baby is Blaise’s. I want more than anything for it not to be yours. I can understand exactly how Pansy felt now.”

 

“Oh, Merlin,” Daphne uttered as they watched this unfold.

 

“You are nothing more than a cheap whore, Sadie,” Theo scoffed, “If it is Blaise’s baby, I’ll be casting you out, and you can see what it’s like to live with next to nothing as a fallen woman. Astoria has more class in her little finger than you have in your whole body,” he spat as he left the room.

 

“This is horrible,” Lilly agreed.

 

Daphne swallowed and shook her head, “I think going back to school changed everything, for all of us.”

 

“I think you’re right,” Lilly remarked, “And I think we’ve seen enough of this place.”

 

“We have seen far too much of it,” Daphne acknowledged. She gripped Lilly’s hand tightly as the smoke-choked them once more. They coughed and spluttered until their eyes streamed. As the girls blinked the moisture out of their eyes, they looked around and found themselves back in the empty, smoke-filled tent.

 

“Oh, Merlin,” Daphne said. She cleared her throat, “I don’t know about you, but I need a coffee after that.”

 

“Me too,” Lilly said, and they made a quick escape from the tent.

 

Daphne bought them coffee from a street vendor, and they sat down on a bench a little way away from the hustle and bustle of the fairground.

 

“I want to marry Neville,” Lilly said.

 

Daphne shot her friend an amused look, “Where did that come from?”

 

“That vision,” Lilly shrugged, “Of how things could have been…it made me grateful for what I do have. I love him, I love him so much, and I think I’d do anything if he asked me for it with those big puppy dog eyes of his.”

 

Daphne put her arm around Lilly and sipped her coffee, “Want me to start dropping hints?”

 

“Do you think he needs them?” Lilly countered.

 

“It’s Neville, of course, he does,” Daphne said with a snigger.

 

“True,” Lilly laughed, “Yeah…start dropping hints.”

 

Daphne sighed and said, “Do you know something? I feel so relieved, having seen that. I’ve always regretted not going with Tracey but now…I’m so glad that I didn’t.”

 

“You can’t complain too much, you had the happiest ending out of all of us in the alternate future,” Lilly scoffed.

 

“Yeah, Susan and I would have had fun,” Daphne agreed, “We would have travelled, had weekends in Paris, I would have sought adventure with Bill in Egypt. But I wouldn’t have Harry, and I would never have kids so although I’d have been happy…I’d never be as happy as I am now.”

 

Lilly smiled, “Very well put. But on the bright side, you now know that you look hot in dragon hide trousers.”

 

Daphne grinned at her best friend, “Lillian Moon, what have I done to you?”

 

 

“Good evening Harry.”

 

Harry smiled but said nothing on account of the sleeping child in his arms. He nudged his head in the direction of the stairs, and Andromeda nodded. He snuck upstairs and lay Teddy down in his cot gently then slipped out of the room.

 

“I don’t know what you do with that boy but whatever it is, tires him out,” Andromeda said with a fond smile, “Every Sunday night he sleeps more sound than ever.”

 

Harry chuckled, “It was a combination of attention at my work, and the Weasley’s today. The Aurors and the Healers in the hospital wing all recognised him as Dora’s son and wanted a hug; he loved the attention of course. Then Charlie decided to tire him out by playing dragons with him.”

 

Andromeda laughed, “Are you staying for a spot of tea and supper?”

 

“I would love to,” Harry admitted, “It’s better than going home to an empty house.”

 

“When is Daphne coming home?” Andromeda asked conversationally as they slipped into the parlour.

 

“Good evening Narcissa.”

 

Narcissa smiled at the young man, “Good evening Harry.”

 

Having acknowledged Narcissa, Harry turned back to Andromeda, “She’s getting back later tonight.”

 

“I am sure she has had a lovely weekend in Paris,” Andromeda said.

 

“Oh, she will have done,” Narcissa agreed, “Paris is like a home away from home for Daphne.”

 

Harry frowned, “Daphne lived in Paris?”

 

“Of course,” Narcissa said, “For a good while too, how many years was it Dromeda?”

 

“Three or Four,” Andromeda replied, “I would have thought Daphne might have mentioned it to you, Harry. The Greengrass’s own a chateau just outside Paris and the Crouch’s have a beautiful little apartment in the centre of Paris.”

 

“It was the chateau they stayed at, after that dreadful house fire,” Narcissa remarked, “They spent the best part of the year there and only came back here for holidays.”

 

“Did her father live out there too?” Harry asked curiously.

 

“No, no. They went there to escape him. He still visited of course,” Narcissa answered, “But they lived in Paris until Daphne got her Hogwarts letter. Lareina considered sending her to Beauxbatons, but after a tour of the school, Daphne decided that she would rather go to Hogwarts.”

 

Harry felt a sting of betrayal, a sharp sting. This was a massive part of Daphne’s life, but she hadn’t told him about it. He knew the fire had happened when she was seven and if she had lived in Paris until her Hogwarts letter came, that meant she must have spent between three and four years there.

 

“She still loves it,” Narcissa said, “The wizarding quarter in particular. The last time I checked, she knew all of the guardians by name.”

 

“How do you know so much about her time there?” Harry asked. He tried to keep his tone neutral.

 

“Oh Draco and I used to visit,” Narcissa said, “When we needed a break from Lucius, we would go and spend a few weeks at the chateau Daphne and Draco used to love exploring together, poor Astoria always wanted to tag along but they never really wanted her there.”

 

“I guess Draco really was her childhood sweetheart,” Harry said.

 

“Oh yes,” Narcissa mused, “They were so close back then…”

 

Harry nodded. Why hadn’t Daphne ever talked to him about then? She knew everything about him. She knew all about his war drama, his abusive guardians…

 

“Harry?”

 

Harry pulled himself out of his daze to look at Andromeda. She pushed a cup of tea into his hands and said, “Did you hear what I just said?”

 

“No, sorry, I was dreaming,” Harry said stiffly.

 

“I just said that my solicitor floo-ed this morning to tell me that the paperwork for the adoption has all been finalised. You can go ahead with it whenever you want to,” Andromeda explained.

 

Harry couldn’t think about adoption now, not after discovering that Daphne had kept such a massive part of her life from him. He nodded, “Do you mind if we give ourselves a little longer to talk it over? I want to be sure that it’s the right decision.”

 

Andromeda shook her head and smiled, “Of course not, I completely understand.”

 

 

When Lilly got back to the training centre on Sunday night, she was bombarded with questions.

 

“Who was that?”

 

“Is she really Harry Potters fiancé?

 

“Did you see what she did to Marcel's hand?”

 

“Is she like your best friend or something?”

 

Lilly laughed and said, “Guys! One at a time, please.”

 

They fell silent, and Lilly said, “Charlotte, that was Daphne Greengrass. Yes Michael, she really is engaged to Harry Potter. I did see what she did to Marcel’s hand, Lucille and oh my god, did he deserve it?” Lilly grinned, “And yes, Savannah, she’s my best friend.”

 

“She’s so hot,” Michael said longingly.

 

Lilly snorted, “She is. How is Marcel?”

 

“Still whining like a baby about it,” Lucille grinned.

 

“He’s going to tell Clara,” Savanah added.

 

“I don’t care,” Lilly admitted with a grin, “It was worth it.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


Daphne got home late on Sunday night, so Harry was asleep. She climbed into bed with him and fell asleep pretty quickly herself. But when she woke up the next morning, a fight broke out over the breakfast table.

 

“Hey baby,” Daphne said as she flounced into the room, shoving her feet into high heels, “How was your weekend with Teddy?”

 

“Brilliant. How was your weekend back in your second home?” Harry asked dryly.

 

Daphne frowned, “Who told you?”

 

“Narcissa and Andromeda,” Harry said, he had yet to make eye contact with her.

 

“Harry, let me explain-”

 

“Explain what?” Harry snapped, “Explain why you neglected to tell me about four years of your life?”

 

“Harry-”

 

“You spent four years in France, gallivanting around with Draco. Your Mothers probably drank wine and talked about how you were going to get married one day like that fucking contract said you would,” Harry said irritably, “And I’m not insecure about it. I don’t think you still love Draco, I don’t think you’re going to run off with him, but I’m hurt, Daphne. I’m hurt that you didn’t tell me about any of that.”

 

Daphne bit her lip.

 

“I had to find out from Andromeda and Narcissa that you had nearly gone to Beauxbatons!”

 

Daphne sighed quietly behind him, but Harry didn’t turn around to look at her.

 

“So it begs the question, what the hell happened in France that needs to be kept such a big secret?”

 

“There is a big secret,” Daphne admitted, “But it isn’t mine to tell which is why I haven’t mentioned it. I was going to have to tell you before the wedding, but I was putting it off because my mother doesn’t want you to know.”

 

Harry still didn’t turn around, “And you couldn’t have mentioned in conversation that you had lived in France? You couldn’t have told me the basics without telling me the secret?”

 

“I could have,” Daphne admitted, “But should we be discussing this now? You’re late for work.”

 

“I don’t care,” Harry said shortly, “What’s the secret? Is it about you and Draco?”

 

“No, but if I’m honest, it was during that time that the marriage contract was written up,” Daphne said, “While we were in France, our mothers saw a connection and asked our fathers to write the contract.”

 

Harry just nodded.

 

“You know that he was my first love,” Daphne said quietly, “I know I don’t talk about it that much but from the age of eight, I knew I was going to marry him one day. It’s a burden, growing up knowing that because you feel obliged to love somebody. And I would have kept trying, but he took the dark mark, and I couldn’t marry him after that. I loved him, but there are just some things that you just can’t see past and seeing the boy that I loved murder a muggle to become a dark lords bitch was one of them.”

 

Harry glanced down, awkwardly, “I know, I’m sorry.”

 

“And I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you about France, I am,” Daphne continued, “But trust me, the reason that I didn’t tell you has nothing to do with Draco.”

 

“Then, why?” Harry asked, he looked up and caught her eye, “What was such a terrible secret that you kept something so huge from me?”

 

“When we were in France, we stayed at the family chateau,” Daphne said, “The Greengrass family chateau which was owned by the eldest Greengrasss sibling.”

 

“Your uncle,” Harry realised

 

“My Uncle Phineas,” Daphne said with a nod, “He basically lived with us. He was my mother's lover, despite what my father had done to us because of her betrayal, she still couldn’t let him go. My mother…she made me swear not to tell anyone, and she drummed it in so much that even now, it isn’t something I’m comfortable talking about.”

 

Harry frowned, “I thought your mother vowed to stay loyal to your father after the fire?”

 

“She did,” Daphne said quietly, “But she lied. She was in love with my uncle; she just couldn’t let him go. When we lived in the chateau in France, my Uncle Phineas worked in Luxembourg, and he was there every weekend, sometimes through the week too. That was how I found out the truth about…”

 

“What?” Harry asked, his tone was far less harsh now, “What is so bad, Daphne?”

 

“My sister,” Daphne said, she cleared her throat, “That was how I found out that Astoria is only my half-sister.”

 

Harry’s eyes widened, “You mean…”

 

Daphne nodded, “My Uncle Phineas is her father. Astoria doesn’t know, and I don’t want her to find out, ever. That was why I kept the whole thing a secret; it was all a big complicated mess. I knew I couldn’t start telling you about it without telling you the whole story.”

 

Harry nodded slowly, “I understand that now but…”

 

“It’s a big shock, I know,” Daphne said, “I had years to come to terms with it, and it took me a long time. The thing is…it’s all going to resurface soon because I need to get my Uncle Phineas to okay my inheritance before the wedding. When I find him, he’s probably going to want an invite to the wedding then my mother will let herself fall for him all over again and now Astoria is older-”

 

“- She might work it out,” Harry finished with a nod, “I get it, that’s been praying on your mind, but you should have just spoken to me about it.”

 

“Coming from the master of bottling things up and then exploding?” Daphne asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

Harry grimaced, “That’s a fair comment.”

 

“You’re really late for work,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“I know,” Harry slung his bag over his shoulder, “But we are going to continue this conversation tonight. I want to hear about those missing four years.”

 

“Okay,” Daphne promised.

 

 

“RECRUIT POTTER! WHAT TIME DO YOU CALL THIS?”

 

Harry grimaced, he had been trying to sneak into the showers in the hope that Sheppard hadn’t noticed that he wasn’t there.

 

“Uh, I’m sorry, Sir. It was just…I…well…”

 

“Spit it out, Potter,” Sheppard barked.

 

“I got in an argument with my fiancé,” Harry muttered under his breath.

 

Sheppard laughed and hit Harry on the back, “Did you hear that Recruits? Potter is 40 minutes late because he got into an argument with his fiancé. Poor little Potter! How do you think we should punish him for that?”

 

“Laps!”

 

“Laps!” Sheppard agreed loudly, “Potter, run around that pitch 40 times, once for every minute that you were late! You have 20 minutes, move your arse!”

 

Harry made a mental note never to fight with Daphne in the morning again.

 

 

Neville was allowed back to classes at midday on Monday, and he got plenty of ribbing from his friends for jumping in front of the flamethrower curse rather than just using a bloody shield charm. The phrase of the day was, ‘Are you a wizard or not?’ which Draco warned Theo never to tell Hermione about because she would kill him if she knew he had been telling everyone that story.

 

When Neville got home that night, he changed into comfortable clothes, had his elf make him some dinner and then floo-ed Lilly.

 

She answered straight away and smiled at him, “Hey, hows the invalid?”

 

“All healed up,” Neville replied, “I’m sorry for ruining our romantic weekend.”

 

“It’s alright, I kind of had a romantic weekend of my own with Daphne,” Lilly joked.

 

Neville’s eyebrows shot up, “Explain.”

 

“Well, amongst other things, Daphne kind of kissed me,” Lilly said sheepishly.

 

“Kind of? How can someone kind of kiss you?”

 

“Okay so she didn’t kind of kiss me, she totally snogged my brains out,” Lilly conceded, “We were drunk. Well…I was drunk; she was pretty tipsy. I feel kinda bad, like I sort of feel like I cheated on you. Are you mad?”

 

“No, the only thing I’m mad about is the fact I didn’t get to see it,” Neville said honestly, “You’re not gonna run off and leave me for a girl now, are you?”

 

“No,” Lilly laughed, “My ratio is still predominately straight.”

 

“What?” Neville sniggered.

 

“Oh Daphne reckons everyone has a ratio of how straight they are,” Lilly said with a shrug, “Hers is 50:50 and mine is 70:30.”

 

Neville laughed, “Was your ratio 70:30 before this weekend?” he chuckled.

 

“Well, I don’t know because, before this weekend, I’d never kissed a girl before,” Lilly said with an amused smile, “Do you have a ratio?”

 

“Oh, I’m probably 99:1. Everyone is a tiny bit curious, I suppose,” Neville shrugged.

 

“Is that your excuse for kissing Justin in sixth year?”

 

“I didn’t kiss him; he kissed me!” Neville exclaimed, “I was not a participating party in that event.”

 

“You were in your sex dreams about Theo during sixth year though,” Lilly smirked.

 

“What? Did Harry tell you about that?”

 

“No, Harry told Daphne about that and Daphne told me,” Lilly chirped.

 

“Well…do you think Daphne knows about Harry’s sex dreams about Draco?”

 

Lilly scoffed, “Neville, everyone knows about that. Draco knows about that. Harry followed him into bloody bathrooms for the love of God.”

 

Neville laughed, “Anyway, apart from snogging Daphne Greengrass, what did you do this weekend?”

 

“We went shopping,” Lilly said, “Which was bearable because Daphne showed me her wedding dress and asked me to be her maid of honour, and I totally cried, which was embarrassing. But then she took me to this amazing bookshop, and we sat there for hours until we had to go back to the apartment to get ready. Then she made me wear this ridiculously sexy dress and heels I could barely stand in, and we went to the Moulin Rouge.”

 

“I am gutted I missed this weekend,” Neville admitted.

 

“Next time, don’t jump in front of a flamethrower curse,” Lilly said with a smirk, “And you might get to come with us.”

 

Neville laughed, “Yeah, I supposed I deserved that one.”

 

Lilly continued, “Anyway, we went to a fairground yesterday, and Daphne dragged me in to see a seer which was awful.”

 

“Because you don’t believe in all of that nonsense?” Neville guessed.

 

“No, I kind of do now,” Lilly confessed, “Because this seer showed us an alternative future. It was what would have happened if there hadn’t been an eighth year.”

 

“Oh, Godric. From the look on your face, I’m guessing it was bad?” Neville said.

 

“Well, you and I are weren’t together. You were married to Hannah who was the landlady of the Leaky Cauldron, and you were this hotshot Herbologist,” Lilly explained, “You had just gotten back from a trip to France where you had bumped into an old friend, who Hannah referred to as the girl who helped run the hospital wing during the war.”

 

Neville grimaced.

 

“Yeah, you called me a crazy cat lady,” Lilly added, “Which I was to be fair. I lived on my own with four cats in Paris.”

 

“But you don’t even like cats,” Neville pointed out.

 

“Well they were obviously better company than men in my alternate future,” Lilly snorted, “We weren’t even the worst though. I mean hardly anyone was happy in that future.”

 

“What about Harry?” Neville asked curiously.

 

“Harry was a workaholic Head Auror who hated Ginny but had three kids with her and was cheating on her with Hermione. Hermione was with Ron, and she didn’t even know if her oldest kid was Ron’s or Harry’s because she’d been sleeping with Harry for years,” Lilly replied.

 

“Wow…”

 

“Yeah. Daphne was a hot lesbian curse breaker who was dating an equally hot lesbian Susan, who was the Assistant Head of the DMLE.”

 

“Do I need to be worried about the number of times you just said hot?” Neville snorted.

 

“Trust me, if you had seen Daphne in dragon hide trousers, kissing Susan in a pencil skirt, you would have said the same thing,” Lilly said with an amused grin.

 

“One kiss with Daphne Greengrass and all of a sudden, you're bisexual?”

 

“Shut up, or I’ll tell Harry you snogged Justin Finch-Fletchley.”

 

“You’re an evil wench, Lillian.”

 

Lilly just grinned, “Guess what Draco did in the alternate future.”

 

“Went back to being a greasy slimeball?” Neville guessed.

 

“You are remarkably right. He married Astoria, who was cheating on him with Theo. Oh and Theo and Sadie were married, but she was having an affair with Blaise. She was also pregnant and had no idea whose baby it was,” Lilly summed up.

 

“So it was a fucking shit future then?”

 

“Basically, yeah,” Lilly replied.

 

“I feel like you need to show me that memory of you and Daphne now, just to cheer me up,” Neville joked.

 

Lilly chuckled, “I can’t show it to you through the floo, but if you promise not to get yourself hurt in simulation next Friday, I’ll show you it next weekend.”

 

“Deal!”

 

 

“I’m home!” Harry called when he stepped into the entrance hall.

 

“I’m in the kitchen!”

 

Harry kicked off his shoes and stepped into the kitchen where Daphne looked like she had been slaving away. She had her hair pulled back into a bun and her perfectly put on face wasn’t quite as perfect as usual.

 

“What have you been cooking?”

 

“Bouillabaisse.”

 

“Bless you.”

 

Daphne shot Harry an exasperated look and waved her wand. The food instantly began to pour itself into bowls, “It was the first meal that I learned how to cook. My mother taught me when we lived in Paris. We used to have this every Friday night.”

 

“Ah, I see what you’re doing,” Harry said with a slight smile, “Opening up, sharing your experiences. You feel bad for not telling me, don’t you?”

 

“Of course I do, you idiot,” Daphne said shortly, “Now would you sit down and eat please?”

 

Harry sat down and looked at the food in front of him, “And what am I eating exactly?”

 

“I told you-”

 

“Yeah, that French word you said,” Harry said with a wave of his hand, “I still have no idea what this is though.”

 

“It’s a stew with lots of different fish in it,” Daphne explained, “This one has red rascasse, European hake and turbot. There’s also shellfish, mussels and octopus. It’s an old French recipe; fishermen used to make it from the scraps they couldn’t sell on.”

 

Harry wasn’t overly keen on seafood, but he didn’t want to disappoint his fiancé, especially after all the effort she had gone to. So he nervously tasted the dish and was pleasantly surprised.

 

“Wow, this is amazing!”

 

Daphne smiled, “Really? I haven’t made it in years. In fact, I don’t think I’ve ever made it without my mother hovering behind me.”

 

“Well, trust me, this is delicious,” Harry said, he smiled up at her, “Thank you.”

 

“You’re welcome,” Daphne said as she tested the stew herself, “Mm, it is good but not as good as my mothers.”

 

“You shouldn’t expect it to be,” Harry pointed out, “She’s been making it for years, and this was your first time doing it on your own.”

 

“True,” Daphne said, she looked into the depths of the bowl, “We used to eat a lot of French food when we lived in Paris. I enjoyed most of it, but the frog's legs were pretty horrific, I don’t think people should eat something that is also a potions ingredient.”

 

Harry laughed, “Did you like it, though?”

 

“What, France?”

 

He nodded.

 

Daphne thought about it for a moment, “I loved it in some ways but not in others. The chateau was beautiful…I’m sure my mother would love to take you on holiday there sometime. It’s this beautiful three-story manor house with this huge balcony on the second floor where all of the bedrooms are. It’s right on the banks of the Seine, and it is just the most beautiful place…”

 

Harry watched as a smile slipped onto her face while she remembered.

 

“The family business has completely gone to shit,” Daphne continued, “But my Uncle Phineas still hasn’t sold that house. He hasn’t hassled my mother once about it, which goes to show how he feels about our time there.”

 

“Was it weird? Him being your uncle and your mother’s lover?”

 

“Sometimes,” Daphne admitted, “But most of the time it was just nice. He did the things a father should have done but that my father didn’t. He worked away a lot because he was the business developer for the shipping company, and every time he came home; he would bring Astoria and me a present. Astoria always got a better present obviously because she was his daughter and I was just his niece, but it was still more than my father did for me. He and my mother would take us out on the weekends when he was free. My Uncle Phineas came up the Eiffel Tower with me while my mother waited with Astoria because she was scared of heights.”

 

“So in a lot of ways, he was the father you always wanted,” Harry realised.

 

“Like you will be to Teddy, I hope,” Daphne said with a nod, “I think you would like him, you know? My Uncle Phineas…he’s a nice man, just a little…misguided, I guess.”

 

“Why don’t you see him anymore?”

 

“When I went to Hogwarts, we had to move home,” Daphne said, she glanced down at her food, “And when we moved home, the affair had to stop because my mother knew that my father would kill her if he found out.”

 

“That doesn’t make it your fault,” Harry said, he could see the direction she was going with that one.

 

“My mother thought it was for a long time,” Daphne admitted, “That was why I didn’t have a great relationship with her when you and I met. She wanted me to go to Beauxbatons so badly; she even took me up for a tour of the school. When I told her I wanted to go to Hogwarts, she was devastated.”

 

“Why did you decide to go to Hogwarts?” Harry asked curiously, “Don’t get me wrong; I’m so glad you did because otherwise, I would never have met you. But it sounds like you loved France, so why didn’t you want to go to Beauxbatons?”

 

“Honestly, I was scared,” Daphne said, she looked up and caught his eye, “I had been in France since I was seven. I had missed birthday parties, and I missed my friends, I didn’t want to be the one English kid in a French school. I wanted to go to school with Sadie and Draco and Susan, the kids that I had grown up with. You know?”

 

Harry nodded and smiled at her, “I do get it, but I did the complete opposite. I got on a train, and I knew no one. I left everything that I did know for Hogwarts, and I came out with everything that I could ever have wanted.”

 

Daphne smiled, “And I came out of Hogwarts with everything that I had ever wanted too, so we both made the right choice.”

 

“Yeah, it’s funny to think how different things would have been if we had made that one decision differently,” Harry mused.

 

“Yeah…you know talking about that,” Daphne remarked, “Lilly and I saw this seer in Paris yesterday. She was the real deal, she demanded my earliest memory as payment, and she showed us an alternate future.”

 

“An alternate future?” Harry frowned.

 

Daphne nodded, “How the future would have panned out if there had been no eighth year.”

 

“Oh god, did I marry Ginny?”

 

“Yeah, you did,” Daphne said with a nod, “And you were so unhappy you asked your boss, who was Susan by the way, to give your extra work, so you didn’t have to go home. You were the Head Auror, Susan was Assistant Head of the DMLE.”

 

“That sounds accurate,” Harry said thoughtfully.

 

“You were cheating on Ginny with Hermione,” Daphne added, “You had been for years, Hermione didn’t even know if her oldest kid was yours or Rons.”

 

“No,” Harry said simply.

 

Daphne frowned up at him, “What do you mean?”

 

“I mean no, don’t you even dare go down that route in your head,” Harry said firmly, “You went to some crazy seer in Paris who showed you an alternate reality. What you saw there doesn’t matter because it's not real. I probably barely knew you in that reality, I probably thought that I didn’t have a chance with you, but in this one, I had the guts to ask you out, and it was the best decision of my life. I love you, and I don’t need anything more than that, I’ll never want more than you.”

 

Daphne smiled at him, “I was just telling you what happened.”

 

“You were getting insecure,” Harry argued, “And you have nothing to be insecure about. Look at you.”

 

“You should have seen me in the alternate future,” Daphne laughed, “I wore dragonhide trousers and worked with Bill in Egypt.”

 

“Were you and Bill together?” Harry asked.

 

“Who’s insecure now?” Daphne countered.

 

“Just curious,” Harry objected.

 

“No, I was with Susan,” Daphne said as a smile played on her lips, “And I asked you to join us in Paris for the weekend, and you said no.”

 

“Well, alternate future me sucked then,” Harry said as he drew her in for a hug, “And I have good news for you, you know?”

 

“Do you?” Daphne asked as she kissed him lightly.

 

“Mm-hmm,” Harry murmured against her lips, “The adoption papers were finalised. We can adopt Teddy whenever we like.”

 

Daphne’s eyes widened, “Wow.”

 

“Yeah,” Harry grimaced, “That kind of terrified surprise was my first reaction too. It got me thinking, are we really ready for how much this is going to change our lives?”

 

“Harry-”

 

“I know we love Teddy more than anything, but this is scary, Daphne,” Harry cut in, “It’s going to change everything, especially the way our relationship works.”

 

“Stop,” Daphne said sharply, “I know that it’s scary, but I’m not going to let you pull out of this just because you’re scared. I understand where you’re coming from, so why don’t we try a dry run?”

 

“A what?”

 

“A trial,” Daphne answered, “We can talk to Andromeda about it. Teddy can come and stay here for a week. He can stay here while we work and go about our lives and we’ll see how it works out.”

 

Harry nodded slowly, “I love you.”

 

“I know.”

 

“You’re a genius.”

 

“I know.”

 

Harry beamed and kissed her, “We’ll suggest it to Andi at the weekend.”

 

Before they could say anything further, the floo whirred to life.

 

“Floo signature: Lillian Moon.”

 

They both moved towards the fireplace.

 

“Hey, I want to talk to her,” Harry objected.

 

“So do I,” Daphne complained

 

“But you just spent the whole weekend with her!”

 

“So? You’re not talking to her before me.”

 

“Why?” Harry asked cautiously.

 

“Just…because!” Daphne remarked, “We need to grant her access or she’ll hang up.”

 

“Fine,” Harry smirked, “Access Granted.”

 

The floo turned green, and Harry said, “Now her face will appear in the flames, and we can both talk to her.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes as Lilly’s head materialised in the fire.

 

“Hey Lil,” Harry chirped, “Is there a reason why Daphne wouldn’t let me talk to you before she did?”

 

Lilly looked over at Daphne, “Does he know about…”

 

“No,” Daphne admitted.

 

“Are you going to tell him?”

 

“Yes, I suppose I better,” Daphne said. She fixed Harry with an amused look, “Lilly and I kissed at the weekend.”

 

Harry snorted, “Really?”

 

“Yes, really,” Lilly muttered.

 

“Honestly Daphne, are you capable of having a female friend and not kissing them?” Harry retorted.

 

“I don’t kiss all my friends, and I haven’t kissed Hermione!”

 

“That’s just because she’s not your type,” Harry said with an amused shake of his head, “I knew this was going to happen. As soon as Lilly went back to being a redhead, I wondered how long it would take for you to kiss her.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “You’re just pissed off that you weren’t there. Aren’t you?”

 

“Yep,” Harry said, “You had better show me the memory.”

 

“I will if you’re a good boy,” Daphne said, smirking at him.

 

“I’m not a bloody dog,” Harry muttered under his breath.

 

Lilly bit her lip in amusement, “Did you tell him about the alternate future?”

 

“Some of it,” Daphne admitted.

 

“Were you and Nev happy, Lil?”

 

“No,” Lilly scoffed, “I was a crazy cat lady, and he was married to Hannah, it was a shit future.”

 

“Which is why you and I are now on, operation drop hints to Neville that Lilly wants a diamond ring,” Daphne said with a grin.

 

Harry grinned too, “Are we? That’s brilliant, Lil!”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “It’s no big deal, and I’d rather a sapphire anyway,” she joked, making the other two laugh.

 

 

 

“Morning Bill.”

 

“Don’t bother sitting down, we’re heading straight out,” Bill said the moment Daphne walked into the office, “One latte to go, I need your brain in gear.”

 

Daphne frowned as she accepted the coffee, “What’s happened?”

 

“We have a case,” Bill said, he locked the office door with a wave of his hand, “Welcome to your first blood magic curse case.”

 

Daphne’s eyes widened, “Blood magic? That’s dark.”

 

“I’ve seen darker,” Bill promised, “But generally speaking yes; when blood magic is used to create a curse, it is normally pretty bad.”

 

“Has anyone died?” Daphne asked.

 

“No, it doesn’t seem to be that kind of curse,” Bill replied, “We were contacted by a man who claimed his home had been experiencing paranormal activity after he acquired a painting. I did a little bit of research into that painting and discovered that the artist committed suicide, but before he took his life, he mixed his blood with the oil paint that he used for the painting.”

 

“Right,” Daphne said slowly, “Hence where the blood magic comes in, but what’s going on in this house then?”

 

“The usual stuff muggles associate with ghosts,” Bill said offhandedly, “Doors opening in the middle of the night, blood-curdling screams etc. The weird thing is that every member of the family has had nightmares every night since the painting was acquired.”

 

Daphne hummed thoughtfully, “And a poltergeist has been ruled out?”

 

“Yep, the Spirit Division sent a couple of people over last week,” Bill replied, “Their report came back clear.”

 

“Which leaves the painting as the only recurring factor in all of this,” Daphne realised, “Hence, it must be cursed.”

 

“Exactly,” Bill agreed. He told Daphne the co-ordinates, and they apparated to Cumbria to see what all of the fuss was about.

 

When they stopped spinning, they found themselves at the end of a long gravel path leading up to a rather nice house.

 

“So,” Bill said conversationally, “Now that I’ve briefed you, are you going to tell me what’s up?”

 

“It’s nothing really,” Daphne promised, “I just kept some things from Harry that I really shouldn’t have and we argued about it. I had to tell him all about the time I spent in France in the end and about Astoria’s true parentage, I don’t know why I didn’t tell him in the first place, to be honest.”

 

“If I know Harry, which I think I do, I’m guessing he was fine about it in the end.”

 

Daphne nodded, “He normally is once he’s cooled down and we’ve talked it over. We talked about Teddy again too because the adoption papers are finalised now.”

 

Bill glanced over at her, “Which one of you backed out?”

 

“Neither of us, although Harry was freaking out a lot,” Daphne admitted, “If Andromeda agrees, we’re going to do a trial run. I just thought you should know in case I show up knackered at some point next week.”

 

Bill laughed, “Noted. Hey, talking about France and stuff, Fleur wants to get to know you better, so she asked me to invite you over to Shell Cottage. You guys can stay for the weekend; you can sleep in the doghouse.”

 

Daphne snorted, “No thanks, Bill, I don’t fancy sleeping in your kennel.”

 

Bill shot her an amused look, “It isn’t a kennel. It’s a summerhouse with a sign on it saying “The Doghouse”. Fleur thought it was an appropriate name for it since I go there when I get angry during the full moon.”

 

“Right,” Daphne chuckled, “Well assuming Harry is okay with it, sure.”

 

“You can bring Teddy too if you happen to have him that weekend,” Bill added.

 

She nodded, “I don’t envision Harry having a massive problem with it,” Daphne admitted as she raised her hand and knocked on the door.

 

 

“Teddy! Honey, you need to come in for your bath!”

 

Daphne was standing by the patio doors watching Teddy on the playset in the back garden. They weren’t supposed to have him tonight, but Andromeda had been taken ill, and Narcissa was with her at the hospital. Harry had no idea that Teddy was here because he was staying late to revise for his first Disguise test.

 

Teddy shook his head at her from the top of the slide.

 

“I know you want to play honey, but it’s bath time,” Daphne said again.

 

Teddy slid down the slide and ran over to Daphne, he wrapped his arms around her legs and looked up at her with puppy dog eyes, “One more slide Mumma.”

 

Daphne’s eyes widened and simultaneously welled up. She had heard him call Harry “Dada” several times, but Teddy had never referred to her as anything other than Daphne.

 

“Alright, one more slide,” Daphne said softly.

 

The little boy ran back to the playset, and a familiar voice said, “You are a natural, my love.”

 

Daphne jumped and spun around, “Mother! How did you get in here?”

 

“The house-elf let me in,” Lareina Greengrass said, “I am your mother after all, even if you only visit me twice a year.”

 

Daphne sighed and turned away from her mother so that she could keep an eye on Teddy, “You know why that is Mother.”

 

“I know we have a troubled relationship Daphne, but you could have told me that you were planning to get married in December,” Lareina said, “I had to hear it from your sister, and even she did not mean to tell me.”

 

Daphne resisted the urge to roll her eyes, “You will be invited, but barely anyone knows so don’t take it personally.”

 

“Daphne, please do not get tetchy with me,” Lareina said, she sounded tired, “I did not come here for an argument.”

 

“Then why did you come here?” Daphne asked, “Because yes, I don’t visit you, but you don’t visit me either.”

 

Lareina sighed, “I would visit every Sunday if I felt that you wanted me here, Daphne, but you have your own life and your own family.”

 

Daphne swallowed hard and asked, “Why are you here, Mother?”

 

“I only came to inform you that the house is to be sold.”

 

“What?”

 

“The house,” Lareina repeated, “I doubted that you would be sad about that, I know how much you hate that place.”

 

Daphne frowned and turned to look at her mother, “Why are you selling it?”

 

Lareina swallowed visibly and looked away from Daphne, “Your Uncle Phineas and I recently got back in contact and-”

 

Daphne scoffed and shook her head, “Of course. It had nothing to do with you making a decision of your own volition.”

 

“Daphne, please,” Lareina said desperately, “Let me finish. Phineas thinks he can save the business, but he needs more funding, and I do not need that house. I hate it as much as you do, if not more. I will use some money from the sale to buy Astoria a flat, and I may well move to the chateau in France, but I have no qualms about selling the house.”

 

“I don’t care that you’re selling the house,” Daphne said quietly, “I care that you’re back in contact with him.”

 

“Daphne, Phineas was always good to you-”

 

“Mother, if you have said what you came here to say, then please leave,” Daphne said stiffly, “I need to get Teddy in the bath and ready for bed.”

 

Lareina sighed again, in that same tired way. She wanted to stay, but she respected her daughter's wishes, so she left without another word.

 

 

“Be quiet when you go upstairs, Teddy’s asleep.”

 

Harry frowned as he shut the door behind himself, “Teddy’s here?”

 

“Andromeda isn’t well,” Daphne said without looking up from her book, “Narcissa took her into St. Mungo’s and they suspect that it’s a case of dragon pox. She never had it as a child, so she doesn’t have the immunity.”

 

“Is she going to be okay?” Harry asked anxiously.

 

Daphne nodded, “Narcissa floo-ed and said she’s responding well to the potions so yes, she should be okay after a few days in the hospital.”

 

Harry sat down next to her on the sofa, “If Andromeda is going to be okay, what has you so worried?”

 

Daphne sighed and replied, “I had to change the wards on the house today.”

 

“Why?” Harry asked sharply; his first thought was to panic that Fawley had come for his revenge.

 

“Because my mother showed up and the elves just let her in,” Daphne replied.

 

Harry frowned, “I didn’t put her on the list of people that the wards and elves shouldn’t let in, so that’s my fault, not the elves. I thought you would want her to be able to visit.”

 

Daphne swallowed, “I may act civil with my mother for appearances, but that is all that it is, Harry. There is nothing more to that relationship, especially now that my Uncle Phineas has her back in his grasp.”

 

Harry was in his usual clueless way, perplexed, “I thought you said you liked your uncle, that he was like a father to you?”

 

“When I was young, he was,” Daphne agreed, “But then I went to Hogwarts and ruined their whole epic love story, and he never let me forget that. Now that he has my mother back, it’s only a matter of time until my sister finds out the truth.”

 

Harry sighed and wrapped his arm around her, “Don’t panic Daphne, we’ll make sure that never happens. I promise you.”

 

Daphne didn’t look convinced, but she leaned into his embrace all the same.

 

 

“I hate this stupid painting.”

 

“So do I, but you hate it because you aren’t properly engaged today.”

 

Daphne glared at Bill, “I told you, I’m fine.”

 

Bill raised an eyebrow at her, “You did tell me you were fine, but I still don’t believe you. Don’t get me wrong, this is the toughest curse we’ve faced together, and the added element of blood magic isn’t helping. But you aren’t at your best today, Daphne.”

 

“I just hate this painting, and I can’t stand my mother and her stupid lover and that goddamn house,” Daphne said through gritted teeth, at the end of her sentence the piece of chalk that she was holding snapped in half, “Ugh!”

 

“Daphne, I’m calling a coffee break. You need to tell me what the hell is going on before you get too angry at that curse and get us both killed,” Bill said. He had lost his usual jesting tone and looked more solemn than Daphne had ever seen him.

 

Daphne knew that she couldn’t argue this time. She just nodded and looked down at her hands, “My mother is selling our house because her lover, who is my uncle, needs the money to try and save the family business. I don’t know why I’m upset about the house; I hated that house. I mean, my father tried to kill me in that bloody house! But for some reason that I can’t explain, I’m upset that she’s selling it. And I’m annoyed that she’s talking to my uncle again because she’s just going to fall in love with him all over again and if that happens, Astoria is going to find out the truth, and she can’t handle that Bill, she just can’t.”

 

Bill nodded calmly, “Daphne, I understand why you are upset about the house. The Burrow is by all accounts and purposes a shithole, but I’d be sad if my parents moved away because of all the little things in that house like the markings on the kitchen door with all of our names, showing how much we grew every year. Like the posters that Char and I attached with permanent sticking charms to our bedroom walls, those little things make a home and even if you hated that house, there must have been little things that you loved.”

 

“The room at the top of the tower,” Daphne said quietly, “Astoria and I’s escape from our screwed-up family.”

 

Bill nodded again, “It’s okay to feel upset about it, and as for your sister, maybe she’s stronger than you know. We view our younger siblings as children who need protecting, but at some point, they grow up, and they don’t need us to protect them anymore. You can’t protect Astoria from the truth forever.”

 

“I know,” Daphne said, she had her eyes shut tight as she felt a headache begin to come on.

 

“Do you want to take a half-day?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “I’ll have a walk outside and get my head back in gear.”

 

“Alright,” Bill conceded, “When you come back, be ready because I think I’m pretty close to cracking this thing.”

 

 

“Miss Greengrass?”

 

“Yes, Kreacher?”

 

“Your Mother be at the door. Master says she not come in if you not say so.”

 

Daphne sighed, at least this time, Teddy was in bed, “What does she want Kreacher?”

 

“She says she has a box of things for you,” Kreacher replied.

 

Daphne had a feeling that she might regret it, but she said, “Let her in.”

 

Kreacher disappeared with a crack, and Daphne heard the door open. Kreacher led her mother into the kitchen then disappeared once more.

 

“You had your fiancé change the wards,” Lareina stated.

 

“No, I changed the wards,” Daphne corrected her, “Even if we are not married yet, I have as much power over this house as Harry does. This is a modern world that we live in Mother. I assume that is why I will not be receiving any of the money from the house.”

 

Lareina sighed, “You are set up for life Daphne. When you marry, you will get your inheritance, and you will become the wife to Lord Potter. You will not want for money or status; it is the life that I always wanted for you.”

 

Daphne scoffed, “I’m not marrying Harry because I want to be set up for life. I don’t care that he’s going to become Lord Potter and I very much doubt that he does either. Yes, he wants the power to be able to push reforms through the Wizengamot, but he doesn’t care about status, neither of us do. I am marrying Harry because I love him, Mother, I know that concept might be difficult for you to understand-”

 

“No!” Lareina snapped.

 

Daphne actually jumped because she could count on one hand the amount of times she had heard her mother raise her voice and none of those times, had it been against her.

 

“I understand that concept perfectly Daphne! I would have married for love if I had been able, I would have married Phineas, but instead, I was married off to his younger brother. When I said that you had the life that I wished for you, I meant that I was happy that you were free to marry for love. The fact that man happens to have money and status is an added bonus for you, that was all that I was trying to say.”

 

Daphne wasn’t quite sure how to respond to that, she certainly couldn’t look her mother in the eye though. With a loud thump, she deposited the box in her arms on the table, “I only came to bring you this. I found it in your father's study while I was clearing out the house and it was labelled, “For Daphne”. You are welcome to come and clear out your bedroom, but I shall not be coming to this house again without your explicit invitation.”

 

“Mother-” Daphne began to say, but it was too late. Her mother had already spun around on heel. Daphne sighed and listened to her stalk out of the house and slam the front door behind her. She had argued with her mother many times, but this time she had hit a nerve, and she wasn’t sure if that damage was going to be reparable.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Hey, Harry.”

 

“Hey, Harry?” Neville retorted.

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow, “I’m sorry, is there something wrong with that sentence?”

 

Neville snorted, “Uh yeah. How about hey Neville, who I haven’t seen for a week and a half now?”

 

“And whose fault is it that I didn’t see you at the weekend?” Lilly quipped.

 

Harry sniggered at their domestic, “I didn’t hear you complaining much while you were snogging my fiancé.”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Could you have said that any louder?”

 

“Oh, I could have yelled it,” Harry grinned.

 

Lilly snorted, “Has Daphne shown you the memory yet?”

 

“Yep,” Harry smirked, “Neville is very jealous because I’ve not been giving him the saucy details.”

 

“Saucy details,” Lilly snorted, “It wasn’t that saucy. Give me your hand, so it looks like we’re working.”

 

Harry held his hand out, and Lilly slowly began to move her wand in circles above the small burn wound he had inflicted on himself.

 

“It was saucy,” Harry said in a whisper, “You were wearing next to nothing.”

 

“We were wearing pyjamas,” Lilly said, shooting Neville an amused look.

 

“Daphne’s pyjamas,” Harry added.

 

Neville’s eyes widened, “In which case you were wearing next to nothing. Please show me the memory.”

 

“Right now?” Lilly snorted.

 

“Why not? We’ve been practising that mind magic thing,” Neville said.

 

Harry sniggered, “Are you any better at it than the two of us are? Cause we just keep projecting our sex lives onto each other and I mean Lil…you are flexible.”

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “You’re disgusting.”

 

Neville nodded his agreement while hiding an amused look. He turned back to his girlfriend, “Just project the memory to me.”

 

Lilly finished healing Harry’s hand and smirked at Neville, “Fine, if you’re sure you can handle it.”

 

“Like Harry said, it’s not that saucy,” Neville shrugged.

 

Harry had to pretend to look at his textbook to hide the grin on his face. Lilly had a much better poker face than he did. She held Neville’s hand and looked into his eyes for a few seconds. Then she pushed herself to her feet as Neville’s cheeks turned pink.

 

“Harry!” Neville hissed, “You said it wasn’t saucy.”

 

Harry sniggered in amusement, “Want a pillow, Nev?”

 

Neville muttered a charm under his breath which made both Lilly and Harry chuckle.

 

“You’re a dick,” Neville whispered.

 

“Saucy enough for you?” Lilly smirked.

 

“Fancy doing it again while we’re around?” Harry joked.

 

“As I’m sure Daphne has already told you, no,” Lilly said matter of factly, “Now that Neville is incapacitated for at least a few minutes though, I do need to talk to you about Daphne.”

 

“Okay?” Harry said.

 

“She misses Tracey, a lot more than any of us realise,” Lilly admitted, “So I thought you ought to look into getting a portrait commissioned. You could do it as a wedding gift, and we could all put our memories of Tracey into it. Then Daphne could put her memories in too after you have given her the portrait so it will be a great likeness.”

 

“That’s brilliant, Lil,” Harry breathed, “That is a bloody brilliant idea.”

 

“I know,” Lilly said with a smile, “But, I also need to tell you off.”

 

“Why?” Harry asked.

 

“Because you need to take Daphne to Paris more often,” Lilly said, “You should have seen her this weekend, Harry. She was just in her element; she loves it there.”

 

“I know she does,” Harry said with a smile, “And I may have something up my sleeve.”

 

“What?” Lilly asked curiously.

 

“It’s a surprise,” Harry said with a grin.

 

Lilly rolled her eyes, “Whatever. Neville, are you functional again?”

 

Neville raised an eyebrow at her, “I was functional the whole time. I just figured you would rather talk to my best mate than me.”

 

Harry snorted and shot Lilly an amused look, “Reckon he’s paranoid cause you kissed Daphne?”

 

“Oh, definitely,” Lilly agreed,

 

“Probably thinks we’re going to have a threesome without him,” Harry sniggered.

 

Lilly grinned at her boyfriend.

 

“Fuck you, Harry,” Neville chuckled.

 

“As if we’d do that,” Harry said, patting his friend on the back.

 

“Yeah baby,” Lilly agreed, “Of course we’d invite you.”

 

Neville’s face was a picture, and Harry and Lilly both burst out laughing.

 

“Moon! Stop flirting and start teaching these idiots how to heal!”

 

“Sorry, ma’am!” Lilly said. She shot a sheepish look at Harry and Neville then said, “I better do some work. Talk to you later.”

 

With a wink, she headed over to Draco and Theo.

 

“She was joking about the threesome thing, right?” Neville said as he looked to his best friend.

 

“I hope not,” Harry joked.

 

Neville whacked him around the head for good measure, “Oi! She’s my girlfriend, you’ve got your supermodel wife, back off.”

 

“She’s not even my wife yet,” Harry said through his laughter.

 

“Shut up.”

 

“Potter! Longbottom!” Frasier barked, “Quit messing around.”

 

“Sorry, ma’am!” They both called across the hospital wing.

 

 

“Were you flirting with Neville or Harry?” Theo teased when Lilly reached them.

 

“Both. That’s terrible by the way Draco, who taught you how to heal burns?”

 

“I taught myself,” Draco admitted, “And did you just say both?”

 

“Yep, give me your hand Theo,” Lilly demanded.

 

Theo raised an eyebrow at her but held his hand out anyway, “Both?”

 

“You four all flirt with each other all of the time. I mean you and Hermione even do it and your cousins,” Lilly snorted.

 

“We’re different, though,” Theo said with a grin, “We’ve got a more profound bond.”

 

“What because you’re a foursome? Or is it a quad now?”

 

Draco rolled his eyes, “None of the above. We’re all just very close friends.”

 

“Very close from what Daphne told me this weekend,” Lilly said as she finished healing Theo’s burn.

 

“How does she know about that?” Draco asked in an undertone.

 

“Probably because Sadie or Hermione told her,” Theo remarked matter of factly.

 

“Was Daphne in Paris this weekend?” Draco asked as an afterthought.

 

“Uh-huh,” Lilly replied, “Hand, Draco?”

 

Draco held his hand out, and Daphne inspected the burn, “Healed perfectly, well done, Theo.”

 

“Thank you, ma’am,” Theo joked with a wink.

 

Lilly shot him a vaguely amused look, “Watch who you flirt with, I’m not in your quad, and you’re not in mine.”

 

Theo snorted, “You’ve got nothing on us. You lot are positively vanilla.”

 

“Not that its competitive weird-relationships but if it was…how’s this for vanilla?” Lilly asked. Then she murmured a low-level legilimency charm, similar to the one she had seen the seer use at the weekend. She used it to project the image at the forefront of her mind, and it left both the Slytherins gaping at her.

 

“Lilly!”

 

Theo tutted, “Now Daphne… that doesn’t surprise me. But you, sweet, innocent Lillian Moon.”

 

Lilly barked out a laugh, “Innocent? That’s cute. Theo, burn yourself again and Draco, heal it properly this time.”

 

“Yeah,” Draco said as Lilly stalked off.

 

“She kissed Daphne.”

 

“She made out with Daphne,” Theo corrected his best friend.

 

“Please never tell my fiancé that I’m moderately turned on by that,” Draco whispered.

 

“Don’t tell my wife that I got a bit of a hard-on in the middle of the hospital wing, and it’s a deal” Theo whispered back.

 

 

“Baby?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry called as he stepped into the kitchen.

 

“Are you having a coffee before bed tonight?”

 

“It’s going to be a late one for me tonight because I’ve got a test coming up,” Harry said, “But I’ll have a coffee with you before you go to bed.”

 

Daphne poured two cups out and handed him one, “I wanted to ask you about something that Lilly brought up at the weekend.”

 

Harry had to bite back a snigger when she mentioned Lilly, and Daphne noticed.

 

“What?”

 

“Just something Lil did today in class,” Harry admitted, “I was winding Neville up about how I’d seen the memory, and he hadn’t. I told him it wasn’t saucy, so he asked Lilly to show it to him in the hospital wing.”

 

“Did she do it?” Daphne asked in surprise.

 

Harry grinned, “Yep. Left him with a bit of a problem afterwards.”

 

“Oh you better not have slagged him for that,” Daphne said, shooting a suggestive look over her shoulder, “I had to sort out your problem after I showed you the memory. Did you tell him that part?”

 

“No, and please don’t tell Lilly that when you floo her later,” Harry pleaded.

 

Daphne laughed, “Anyway, before we got off-topic, I was going to ask if the Potters have any properties?”

 

“What do you mean?” Harry asked.

 

“Oh, you know like properties abroad,” Daphne explained, “The Crouch’s have died out in the male line now, so all that’s left is that apartment in Paris that I took Lil to. But the Greengrass’s used to have houses everywhere until my uncle ran the business into the ground. When it looked like we were going to go into administration, he sold everything apart from the chateau in France.”

 

“Oh,” Harry frowned, “Well…no, I don’t think the Potters have anything like that. I would have found it when I went through the paperwork from the vault, wouldn’t I?”

 

Daphne nodded, “Yeah, I expect so. There was nothing in there at all then? Not even the ranch in Texas that they got when they married into the Cauldwell family?”

 

“What?” Harry asked cluelessly.

 

“Nicholas Potter, married Cordelia Cauldwell,” Daphne said slowly, “You know, Cordelia Cauldwell, the daughter of Quentin Cauldwell who brought the family over from Texas? You don’t know any of this, do you?”

 

“I knew the Potters had married into the Cauldwells,” Harry said sheepishly.

 

Daphne snorted, “Well, your family were rather good at that. They married into every prominent family in Britain, and with a lot of those families, the property was part of the woman’s dowry.”

 

“Oh, I wonder what happened to all the houses then,” Harry said with a frown, “Do you reckon they got sold when my parents died?”

 

“Maybe they did,” Daphne mused, “It can happen sometimes. When there is no heir to pay the debts…I always thought the Potters were quite cash-rich, but maybe one of your relatives had managed to rack the debt up.”

 

“Maybe,” Harry agreed, “Anyway, when are you floo-ing Lil tonight?”

 

As if on cue, the floo roared to life.

 

“Fucking hell, has she got the house under surveillance or something?” Harry muttered as Daphne sat down in front of the fireplace.

 

“Hey, Lil. I heard you left Neville in an awkward position this afternoon.”

 

“Oh, he had it coming,” Lilly grinned, “How are you?”

 

“I’m okay. I do need to talk to you about a box.”

 

“A box?” Lilly echoed.

 

“Yes,” Daphne said, “My mother is selling Greengrass House, which is fine because I hate it,” she shrugged.

 

“No, you don’t,” Lilly countered.

 

“I do though,” Daphne said with a frown, “I love that one room that I associate with Astoria, but mostly, I hate it.”

 

“You’re still a bit sad, though, aren’t you?” Lilly asked.

 

“A little bit, I guess,” Daphne replied, “I don’t know, I feel kind of conflicted. I’m going to rescue the portraits before my mother sells the place. But the issue is with this box that she gave me from my father's study. It just says ‘for Daphne’ on it.”

 

“Don’t open it,” Lilly warned her, “You should never open a mysterious box. Pandora did and look what happened to her.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow, “Pandora?”

 

“Yeah, the stupid girl who unleashed all evil on the world,” Lilly said offhandedly, “Bad shit happens when you open mysterious boxes. Take Jumanji, that’s another one.”

 

“I have no idea what you are on about,” Daphne said with a fond smile, “Are you coming home this weekend for Hermione’s birthday?”

 

“Of course,” Lilly replied. There was a loud click behind her, and she rolled her eyes, “That’s lights out. See you at the weekend. Bye!”

 

The floo disconnected abruptly, and Daphne shook her head in amusement as she pushed

herself  to her feet and asked Harry, “What the hell is Jumanji?”

 

Harry snorted in response, “A movie, we’ll watch it at Nevs sometime.”

 

 

“Happy Birthday Hermione.”

 

Hermione smiled and opened her eyes, “You don’t have to wake me up with a foot massage just because it’s my birthday.”

 

Draco smirked at her, “That isn’t me. That’s your birthday present.”

 

Hermione jumped up in surprise, and an undignified meow answered her. Her eyes widened as she looked to the foot of the bed where an adorable black kitten was watching her.

 

“Oh my gosh! A kitten! You got me a kitten!”

 

Draco smiled, “She doesn’t have a name yet, but she’s not an ordinary muggle cat. She’s a witch’s familiar, so she will be able to understand what you say, and she’s far more intelligent than your average cat.”

 

“Like Crookshanks,” Hermione said softly.

 

“But less ugly.”

 

“Draco!”

 

Draco was still smiling, despite being told off, “Do you like her?”

 

“I love her!” Hermione said. She picked the kitten up, and it meowed contently, “I just need to come up with an appropriate name for her before I introduce her to everyone at my party tonight…”

 

 

“Try and cheer up, it’s a birthday party,” Harry whispered to Daphne as they walked through the park towards Grimmauld Place.

 

“I know,” Daphne said, “I just don’t know how to feel at the moment with everything going on.”

 

“You should open the box,” Harry said, “It might give you some closure.”

 

“Or it might not,” Daphne combatted, “Lilly’s right. Pandora should never have opened the box.”

 

“You’re basing your decision on a myth?” Harry snorted.

 

Daphne gave him an irritated look.

 

“You should also apologise to your mother, that would definitely give you some closure,” Harry added.

 

Daphne glared at him, “What are you, my therapist?”

 

“I’m just telling you the harsh truths that you don’t want to hear,” Harry said honestly as they reached the door of 12 Grimmauld Place.

 

“Well if you want me to put on a smiley face for Hermione’s birthday, then don’t,” Daphne muttered under her breath as she knocked on the door.

 

“Alright,” Harry promised, and the door swung open of its own accord. The couple made their way inside and headed up to the drawing-room.

 

“Guys! Look what Draco got me for my birthday?”

 

Daphne smiled when she saw Hermione holding her little black kitten, “I’m more of a dog person myself, but she is adorable. Has she got a name yet?”

 

Hermione nodded eagerly, “Octavia.”

 

Harry snorted.

 

Hermione glared at him, “What was that for?”

 

“I just think it’s amusing that you named your cat Octavia after spending your whole life complaining about your Shakespearean name,” Harry pointed out.

 

“Theo said the same thing,” Draco informed him.

 

Harry glanced around the room, he saw Sadie but not Theo, “And where is Theo?”

 

“Exactly,” Draco said.

 

Harry swallowed and looked at Hermione, “I mean, it’s a nice name though, and the cat is cute.”

 

“Harry,” Hermione said irritably.

 

“And I helped Draco by telling him that you liked black cats so please don’t do to me whatever you did to Theo,” Harry added.

 

“Harry James Potter,” Daphne tutted, “Here was me thinking that you were scared of nothing. I mean, I even told Bill Weasley that he was a pussy compared to you. Yet here you are, scared of your best friend.”

 

“With good reason,” Draco pointed out, “She’s scary when you get on the wrong side of her.”

 

Hermione smirked, “I know I am, but I’m not going to curse you, Harry.”

 

Sadie chuckled, “Theo is downstairs getting drinks.”

 

“You just got punk’d,” Lilly grinned.

 

Harry looked at her blankly, “What?”

 

“Yeah, I don’t get it either,” Neville shrugged, “Anyway, since you guys are the last to the party again, what’s your excuse this time?”

 

“We were arguing about a box,” Harry said, he clapped Neville on the shoulder, “Very long and complicated story which nobody wants to hear. What everyone does want to do is sing Happy Birthday to Hermione and embarrass the hell out of her!”

 

“Harry!” Hermione groaned.

 

Harry just grinned at his best friend and began, “Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you…”

 

 

“Lilly.”

 

Lilly glanced up, and Daphne pointed at the balcony then disappeared.

 

Lilly chuckled and followed her out to the balcony, “Were you trying to be subtle?”

 

“I thought it was pretty subtle.”

 

“It wasn’t,” Lilly assured her as she sat on the railing, “What’s up?”

 

“Lilly,” Daphne said, grabbing her friends hands, “You’re going to fall to your death.”

 

“No, I won’t. I’d use a cushioning charm,” Lilly said, “What’s up?”

 

Daphne could have let go, but she didn’t. She stood in front of Lilly with her hands in the shorter girls.

 

“I’m going to open the box tomorrow.”

 

“Do you want me to come over?” Lilly asked.

 

“Yeah,” Daphne replied, looking up at Lilly, “Would you?”

 

“Course I will,” Lilly replied, “What are you so worried about?”

 

“I don’t know,” Daphne admitted, “It’s probably nothing, but there could be anything in there. There could be a curse, you know?”

 

“And if there was a curse I reckon you’re the best person in our friend group to deal with it,” Lilly pointed out with a grin, “Curse-Breaker Greengrass.”

 

“Did you mean to make that flirty?”

 

“No,” Lilly laughed, “But I can’t think of you as a curse breaker without remembering those dragonhide trousers.”

 

Daphne snorted in amusement and pulled her off of the railing, “Get down before you give me a heart attack.”

 

Lilly landed softly and shot a smile over Daphne’s shoulder, “Hey, Suse.”

 

“Hey girls,” Susan said, smirking at the two of them, “You look very friendly.”

 

“Not as friendly as you two did in the alternate future,” Lilly sang.

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Lil, did you have to say that?”

 

Susan grinned, “Do tell.”

 

“I went to Paris this weekend because Neville threw himself in front of a flamethrower curse and poor little Lilly, had no one to go to Paris with,” Daphne explained, “We went to the fairground and saw this seer who showed us an alternate future.”

 

“Okay,” Susan said as she leant against the railing, “I’m intrigued. What was the ‘what if’ that created this vision?”

 

“What if I had gone travelling with Tracey, and there had been no eighth year,” Daphne answered.

 

“And most of us had a miserable life,” Lilly said, “I was a crazy cat lady who lived alone in Paris and Neville married Hannah.”

 

“Harry married Ginny but was screwing Hermione,” Daphne rattled off, “Draco married Astoria, and she was sleeping with Theo. Oh and Theo was married to Sadie, but Sadie was pregnant and didn’t know if the baby was Theo’s or Blaises.”

 

“Wow, it sounds depressing,” Susan snorted, “What was I doing?”

 

“Daphne,” Lilly replied with a smirk, “Daphne in dragonhide trousers because she was a hotshot curse breaker who worked in Egypt.”

 

“We were together?” Susan laughed.

 

“Yep, and you were Assistant Head of the DMLE,” Daphne replied.

 

“So if it hadn’t been for eighth year, we’d both have given up on guys,” Susan sniggered, “Go figure.”

 

“Well we are the most flexible in our sexuality,” Daphne shrugged, “Lil and the rest of them are all 70:30. What would you put yourself at?”

 

“Oh 50:50, definitely.”

 

“Same as you then, Daph,” Lilly mused.

 

“Since when are you 70:30 anyway?” Susan probed Lilly, “The last time we had this chat you said you’d never even kissed a girl.”

 

“That would be because it was a recent development,” Lilly said evasively.

 

Susan barked out a laugh, “Oh, really? Honestly Daph, she’s had red hair for two weeks, and you’re already snogging her?”

 

Lilly burst out laughing at that while Daphne rolled her eyes and told them both where to fuck off to.

 

 

“Hey.”

 

“Hey,” Draco said in an undertone, “Why are we whispering in the corner of the room?”

 

Daphne sipped her wine, “Because I need to talk to you about something that happened last weekend.”

 

“Is this the point where you tell me that you’re a raging lesbian and you’re going to run off with Lilly?” Draco joked.

 

“No,” Daphne chuckled, “But did Harry or Nev mention anything about the seer that Lilly and I saw in Paris?”

 

“No, they were pretty fixated on that kiss.”

 

“Go figure,” Daphne joked, “We saw a seer who showed us an alternate future.”

 

“You bought into an act by an old charlatan, you mean?” Draco scoffed.

 

“She was the real deal, Draco. She took my earliest memory as payment,” Daphne murmured.

 

“So she’s a fraud then, but a good one,” Draco said dryly, “It’s a piece of piss, Daphne. They scan you with a low-level legilimency charm then show you what you want to see.”

 

“Well, it wasn’t what I wanted to see because it was a shit future,” Daphne remarked, “It was how the future would have looked if I had gone travelling with Tracey instead of staying to help you through Pansy’s death.”

 

Draco swallowed.

 

“Yeah, it was as grim as you think it was,” Daphne whispered, “You went to Greengrass House, but I wasn’t there so my sister took you in and you married her.”

 

“I married Astoria?” Draco remarked.

 

Daphne nodded, “You had a kid called Scorpius, and you hated each other. She was sleeping with Theo, who you seemed to hate.”

 

“Probably because we wouldn’t have made up that summer if it hadn’t been for you,” Draco said honestly, “Was he with Sadie?”

 

Daphne nodded, “He was cheating on her with Astoria, and she was cheating on him with Blaise. It was fucked up Draco, she was pregnant, but she didn’t know whose kid it was. But…something I saw in that vision scared me.”

 

Draco sighed, “Daph, it wasn’t real.”

 

“Just hear me out,” Daphne said sternly, “What if it was? If that was a true vision of how things might have been then that implies that you are the stabilising factor in Theo’s life. You are what keeps him good and keeps his magic pure.”

 

Draco frowned, “But Sadie-”

 

“Sadie might be the love of his love, but that doesn’t mean she’s the stabilising factor,” Daphne cut in quietly, “The Theo in that vision was scary, Draco. He was an alcoholic who was threatening to beat his pregnant wife, and it just…scared me a little.”

 

“Yeah but that’s not Theo,” Draco frowned, “That’s not our Theo. Maybe that’s how he could have been, but I could have been an arsehole Death Eater if it hadn’t been for all of you keeping me good during the war. Theo has all of us, and we’ll always have his back. I’ll always have his back.”

 

“And what if something happens to you?” Daphne whispered, “Then what’s going to happen to Theo?”

 

“Then he’ll still have Sadie,” Draco replied, “He’ll have Hermione, he’ll have you and Harry and Neville. Don’t forget, in the universe that you saw, Theo only had Sadie and me. But here, he has so much more, and he’s going to be a Dad to a kid he knows is his.”

 

“Okay,” Daphne conceded, “But I just wanted you to be aware of it.”

 

Draco put an arm around her, “I appreciate the heads up, but this is Theo we’re talking about. I mean, look at him.”

 

Daphne looked across the room to where Theo was sitting on a sofa with Sadie snuggled in next to him while he threw peanuts in Hermione’s hair to see how long it would take her to notice.

 

“He’s not going to go dark,” Draco finished.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


Harry had to work on Saturday morning, it didn’t happen often, but sometimes the Auror trainees were asked to come in to do extra training. Usually, it irritated Daphne because it messed with their weekend plans with Teddy. However, they hadn’t had Teddy overnight the night before because Andromeda had gotten out of the hospital on Friday morning. As such, Harry and Daphne weren’t due to pick him up until Saturday afternoon.

 

This meant that Daphne found herself pacing nervously on Saturday morning while she waited for Lilly to arrive. Eventually, the floo whirred to life, and Daphne granted her access.

 

“How long have you been wearing a hole in the floor for?” Lilly asked perceptively.

 

“A good hour,” Daphne answered, “Come on, I need to find out what’s in this box.”

 

Lilly followed her friend into the study and shut the door behind them.

 

Daphne took a breath and sat down on the ground with the box in front of her, “I’m going to do it.”

 

“Go for it, Pandora.”

 

“Quit calling me Pandora,” Daphne muttered as she opened the box.

 

“Well,” Lilly mused as she sat down cross-legged opposite Daphne, “That was underwhelming.”

 

“It’s just letters,” Daphne said as she reached into the box, “And…photographs.”

 

Lilly noticed that Daphne’s hands shook as she pulled out a bundle of photographs.

 

Every single one was of her. There were baby pictures and photographs of her father with her as a toddler. He looked happy in all of them; she almost didn’t recognise him as the man she had grown up calling father. Daphne felt a lump rise in her throat as she looked at photographs of a happier time that she couldn’t recall. She realised that the photographs came to a stop a year or so after Astoria was born, the moment when her father had learned of her mother's betrayal.

 

“They are all of me,” Daphne whispered.

 

Lilly shuffled to sit next to her best friend.

 

For a moment, Daphne allowed herself to believe that it was that betrayal that had turned her father into the cold, bitter man that she had known. But before the thought began to take hold, she shrugged it away. Her mother wouldn’t have lied to her about that.

 

Daphne swallowed and pulled out the next item that came to hand.

 

“Oh sweet Salazar,” Daphne breathed, “This is my marriage contract. The one that betrothed me to Draco before he was a Black.”

 

“There’s a note on the front,” Lilly frowned.

 

Daphne pulled the piece of parchment off and frowned as she scanned her father's words.

 

“Daphne, a beautiful girl with a beautiful name. What does the name Daphne mean? Well, everyone knows that it has Greek origins, but it actually means laurel or bay tree. In Greek mythology, Daphne was a nymph who was saved from an over-amorous Apollo by her father, the river god. As the father of this Daphne, I am certainly no river god, but I am protective. Daphne is my only daughter, and she is strong, intelligent and has the sharpest wit. The man who marries her is going to be very lucky, but he had better keep his eyes open because I will warn him, I have taught her some wicked home-made curses over the years.

 

I hope when I give this speech, my daughter will be a Malfoy because I trust Draco to look after Daphne. But I cannot will Daphne to love someone if she does not feel it in her heart. In that way, she is entirely her mother’s daughter. I just hope that whoever she marries is a man worthy of her. When I finally get around to giving this speech, I will be able to judge that.”

 

Daphne handed the piece of parchment to Lilly whose eyes widened, “It was his father of the bride speech.”

 

Daphne nodded and silently wiped away the tears that had stung at her eyes. The father that she had felt did not care a jot about her, had started to write his father of the bride speech when he had written up her marriage contract.

 

“I would have been eight or nine when he wrote that,” Daphne said quietly, “And I hardly saw him. We were living in France at the chateau. We came home for the holidays, and he sometimes visited but…I don’t know; this just doesn’t sound like the man I called father.”

 

“Maybe he just kept the better parts of himself private,” Lilly suggested, “A lot of businessmen were like that, and he was one of the best.”

 

Daphne swallowed a lump that had risen in her throat and sighed, “Maybe. I just…I always thought he’d be turning in his grave because I’m marrying a half-blood but what he wrote there…”

 

“It sounds like he doesn’t care much, as long as the man you marry is worthy of you and Harry definitely is,” Lilly said softly.

 

Daphne cleared her throat and searched through the box for more clues to who this man had been and how he had become the embittered father that she had known. At the bottom of the box, there was a bundle of letters, dated from the oldest to the newest. Daphne opened them and realised that they were letters that had gone back and forth between her father and his cousin.

 

“Who is Gus?” Lilly asked as she peered over Daphne’s shoulder.

 

“My father's cousin,” Daphne replied, “Augustus Greengrass. His father, Malachai, was disowned for marrying a muggle, so Augustus was raised in the muggle world before he went to Hogwarts.”

 

“But your father stayed in touch with him?” Lilly asked.

 

Daphne nodded, “He was killed during the war, either just before or just after my father was.”

 

“Why did your father write to him?” Lilly asked.

 

“I suppose he felt it was safe to do so,” Daphne mused, “Uncle Gus hated the Death Eaters as much as my father did. He never wanted to join them…”

 

May 1997.

My dear Gus,

 

I regret many of the decisions that I have made in my life. I often wish I had allowed Lareina to marry for love rather than forced her into the contract our parents had arranged. Then again, if Lareina and I had never married, my darling Daphne would not have come to exist. She and I have had a complicated relationship these past few years, but she has grown into a beautiful and strong young woman. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named grows stronger by the day, and I do not doubt that he will soon come for me. When he does, I must protect Daphne above all else. My own life seems insignificant in comparison to hers. I pray that you remain safe. Do not come out of hiding until I explicitly tell you that it is safe to do so. You are a half-blood whose father was a blood-traitor; the snatchers that are roaming these parts will not treat you well.

 

Yours,

Cygnus.

 

Daphne handed the letter to Lilly and said, “This was sent just after everything that happened at the end of our sixth year.”

 

“The Battle of the Lightning Struck Tower and Dumbledore dying,” Lilly said with a nod.

 

“And this was Augustus’s reply,” Daphne said, handing her friend another letter.

 

My dearest Cygnus,

 

I fear for my safety also. I have, of course, gone into hiding and I shall remain here until the danger has passed. As the half-blood son of a blood traitor, I am most certainly in the firing line. My choice of partner also does not bode me well against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named who wishes to rid the world of the ‘impure’. Wes and I will weather this storm as we have endured all that have come before this one.

 

Regards,

Gus.

 

“Who is Wes?”

 

“Wesley Bones,” Daphne replied, “Susan’s uncle. He and my Uncle Augustus were together. It’s kind of how we met as kids in a round-about way. He was killed during the war, at the same time as my uncle.”

 

“Is everyone in our friend group related somehow?”

 

“There aren’t that many wizarding families in Britain, so yes,” Daphne replied simply as she moved onto the next letter.

 

 

June 1997.

Gus,

 

I write again to tell you that my strength grows weaker with every day. They found me and they continue to ask me to join them, but I do not want that life. It is the life that my brother-in-law, Alfred Nott, leads and I cannot have that for myself and especially not for Daphne. I must protect her from what will come; it is the only way I can find redemption after the fire. I pray you remain safe.

 

Yours,

Cygnus.

 

Daphne handed the letter to Lilly and picked up Augustus’s reply, “The fire he’s referring to is the one he set in my house that almost killed my mother, my sister and I.”

 

Lilly frowned down at the letter, but Daphne was too busy reading her uncle’s reply to notice the expression on her best friend’s face.

 

Cygnus,

 

You must continue to resist them. I know that you possess the strength to do so. The only way you shall ever have your redemption is if you can show both of your daughters that you love them. I know you only regard Daphne as ‘yours’, but you have raised Astoria well. They are both fine young women, and you ought to be proud. Many men could not raise another man's child as you have, especially given the circumstances around Astoria’s conception.

 

Regards,

Gus.

 

Daphne snorted, “Raised her well?” she handed the letter to Lilly, “He hated Astoria growing up. He never treated her the same way that he treated me.”

 

Lilly took the letter and scanned it, “Well perception is a wonderful thing. Almost as good as hindsight,” she remarked.

 

Daphne sighed as she read yet another letter,

 

July 1997.

Gus,

 

They come calling every day. I do not know how much longer I can last. They will either force me to join them, or they will kill me for resisting. I know which way I would rather it went, he grows stronger with every follower that he manages to amass. I worry about Daphne returning to Hogwarts now that it is publicly known that Severus Snape will be the Headmaster of the school. He is a known Death Eater after all. Stay safe, dear Augustus.

 

Yours,

Cygnus.

 

Daphne flicked through Augustus’s reply and handed it to Lilly. Then she read the next letter that her father had sent to his cousin.

 

September 1997

Gus,

 

Daphne has gone back to Hogwarts. Lareina did not want her there, but I suspect that she will be safer if she is away from me. When they come for me for a final time, I do not want them to take her. I have gone into hiding so my letters may become less frequent, I am a coward Gus, and I do not want to die. I pray you survive this war for I surely shall not.

 

Yours,

Cygnus.

 

“I didn’t realise how scared he was,” Daphne admitted, She sighed and looked down at Augustus’s reply which re-iterated that Hogwarts was probably the safest place for her.

 

“He wouldn’t have wanted to let on,” Lilly said softly, “Fathers always want to stay strong for their daughters.”

 

“He never acted like a father,” Daphne sighed, “Not in the way that a father should act, anyway.”

 

“Not to your face,” Lilly corrected.

 

Daphne ignored this comment and read the next letter.

 

December 1997.

Gus,

 

I hear very little news from outside my safe house, but I understand that our cousin James’s son is still alive and fighting to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. I hope that he has success, they have not found me yet, but I can feel that they are getting close.

 

Lareina keeps slipping out, and I fear that she is informing on our location, she wants me dead so that she can run back to my brother. I only keep her safe here as a courtesy to my daughter. I do not think Daphne would ever forgive me if I let her mother die.

 

I also heard the sad news that Septimus Cauldwell turned to the side of darkness. I very much doubt that he did this of his own accord, but his family were undoubtedly used against him. The Death Eaters will not try this trick with me because I suppose they doubt that my family mean much to me. They are aware of what I did all of those years ago. They need not know that the fire was an accident; it will only give them something to use against me.

 

Stay safe, dear cousin. Undoubtedly one of us shall survive this dreadful war.

 

Yours,

Cygnus.

 

“Your dad and Harry’s dad were cousins?” Lilly snorted.

 

“Yeah, Harry and I are second cousins,” Daphne said with a weak smile, “He’s a pureblood now, he’s giving in to the whole pureblood in-breeding programme.”

 

Lilly laughed, “What do you make of what he said about your mother sneaking out?”

 

“I don’t want to believe it,” Daphne said honestly, “But the thing I really don’t like is that he called the fire an accident. My mother always led me to believe that he set it with the intent of killing all of us.”

 

Lilly frowned and looked down, “There’s one more letter.”

 

Daphne swallowed when she saw the date.

 

“What’s wrong?”

 

“It’s dated February 1998,” Daphne said quietly, “And that’s when he died.”

 

“Oh shit,” Lilly whispered, “Do you want me to read it to you?”

 

Daphne nodded and held the letter out. Lilly took it, cleared her throat and began to read aloud,

 

Gus,

 

I fear that this will be my last letter. Lareina had one too many glasses of wine last night, and she told me the truth, she has been meeting up with my brother in secret as I feared. My brother has informed the Death Eaters of our location. They are coming to kill me; they will spare Lareina so that she and Phineas can continue their sordid affair, only it will no longer have to be behind my back.

 

If I cannot escape them, please tell Daphne the truth. Tell her that I did not intend for her or her sister to be hurt in the fire. They were supposed to be at Malfoy Manor, but Draco got dragon pox, and the plans were changed at the last minute. Lareina did not inform me, and I did not know that they would be there. When I set the fire, I thought that the house would be empty. I intended to claim on the insurance, buy a smaller home and save the business by injecting the insurance money into it. I never meant to hurt my daughter. If Lareina or my brother had been caught up in it, I would have felt no remorse, but the girls were innocent.

 

It is, after all, my brother and Lareina’s fault that my death is so imminent. I tried Gus, I tried so hard to please her, but nothing that I did was ever enough. She wanted my brother, and nothing would convince her that I could give her just as much love as he could.

 

Please, Gus, make sure that Daphne learns the truth. I could not bear it if she hated me for the rest of her life. This is my last wish. Stay safe and survive this bloodshed.

 

Your dearest cousin,

Cygnus.”

 

Daphne let her tears fall freely as she read the last letter over and over again.

 

Lilly read the letter over her shoulder then wrapped her arms around Daphne.

 

“She lied,” Daphne said quietly, “My whole life…my mother lied to me.”

 

She pushed Lilly away and got to her feet, “She made me think that my father was the villain for years! She made me hate him!”

 

“Daphne-”

 

“My whole life has been a lie, Lilly!” Daphne practically screamed.

 

The curtain rail began to shake and clatter. The books on the bookshelf swayed precariously as a warm wind rushed through the room.

 

“No!” Lilly exclaimed, “No outbursts of magic! You are a fully grown woman, not an immature little girl. Take a breath and calm the hell down.”

 

Lilly wasn’t sure if it would work, so she had her wand hovering over her wand just in case she had to conjure a quick shield charm.

 

However, Daphne took a breath and then let Lilly step forward and pull her into a hug.

 

“She turned me against him,” Daphne said tearfully, “And it worked! I mean, I was stupid enough to buy into it. We went to France because he kicked her out not because he beat the crap out of her like she told me. We went to France so she could be with Phineas and he knew that, he knew she was screwing his brother and he just let her take his kids away from him to go and live with their mother and her bloody lover!”

 

Daphne took another breath as she sat down slowly and let her head rest in her hands, “My mother kept feeding me lies to paint him as the bad guy when she was the one in the wrong the whole time.”

 

“And if it wasn’t for those letters, I’d never have known,” Daphne continued, “Because I think my Uncle Augustus died two weeks before or after my father did so he had no way of getting that news to me.”

 

“Your mother must not know,” Lilly said, “If she had looked into the box, she would have burned it.”

 

Daphne nodded, “Yeah, she would have.”

 

“Why didn’t he just write to you?”

 

“Because he was stubborn,” Daphne muttered irritably, “And because everything going in and out of Hogwarts was intercepted, whether that was mail or Patronus’s.”

 

“True,” Lilly agreed. She surveyed Daphne with concern, “But I mean…what do we do now? Where do we go with this information?”

 

“I don’t know,” Daphne said helplessly, “I just… I have to rewrite my own brain. I’ve spent so long believing that my father was a monster and now…I realise that the monster was always my mother, and I was too blind to see it.”

 

“You were a kid, Daph,” Lilly said gently, “We don’t notice stuff like that when we’re young, and parents exploit that. They do shitty things all of the time. I know it’s nowhere near the same, but my mum and dad were always trying to turn me against the other one after they split up.”

 

Daphne wiped her eyes on the sleeve of her jumper, “He died thinking that I hated him, Lilly.”

 

“That wasn’t your fault,” Lilly said. She knelt in front of Daphne and grabbed her hand, “Your mother lied to you and manipulated you, and by the time you were old enough to hear the truth, you wouldn’t have listened to it. That was why your father didn’t tell you; the damage was done; you would have just assumed that he was lying.”

 

Daphne couldn’t argue with that logic.

 

“Ugh, why are you always so right?” Daphne asked tearfully, “I can’t argue with you when you’re right!”

 

Lilly smiled sadly, “I know, sorry but I think we ought to go and get a cup of tea-”

 

“Why do you always suggest tea when someones sad?” Daphne asked. She sniffed and pushed herself to her feet.

 

“Because I’m awkward around upset people and my mum always said that tea was the answer when someone needed to calm down,” Lilly admitted sheepishly.

 

Daphne laughed weakly, “She sounds nice, your mum.”

 

“She’s a riot,” Lilly chuckled. She stepped forward and grabbed Daphne by the wrist, “But every so often she came out with a pearl of wisdom. So come on, let’s have a cup of tea.”

 

“Okay,” Daphne said, blowing out a long, steadying breath, “Let’s try it your way and see if tea makes all of the worries of the world disappear,” she said with a weak smile.

 

“It doesn’t make them disappear,” Lilly said softly, “It just gives you some time to catch your breath and help you come to terms with them.”

 

“You know, just sometimes, rarely, when the moon is in the right place, I see that wise old soul inside you and realise why you were a Ravenclaw,” Daphne teased.

 

“I’m sure there was a compliment in there somewhere,” Lilly snorted.

 

“Figure it out, you’re the smart one.”

 

“And you’re doing that thing again.”

 

“What thing?”

 

“That thing when you act all bitchy to cover up the fact you’re upset,” Lilly said matter of factly.

 

“Va te faire foutre (fuck you), Lilly!”

 

“Is this our thing now? Do we have a thing?” Lilly joked.

 

“Well, you’re a thing.”

 

“Daphne, you can’t just call people a thing when you’re pissed off with them,” Lilly sniggered. “It might have worked on Harry, but it won’t work on me so arrête d'être une grace (stop being a bitch)!”

 

 

When Harry got home just before lunchtime on Saturday. he was surprised to find the house empty and quiet. At first, he thought that Daphne had gone out, but then a quick spell told him that two magical signatures, excluding his own, were still present in the house.

 

He knew something was wrong from the feeling that settled in the pit of his stomach, so he rushed into the kitchen where he found Daphne nursing a cup of tea while Lilly sat next to her, with her hand resting on Daphne’s back.

 

“She opened the box,” Lilly said by way of explanation.

 

Harry looked at his fiancé warily, “And? Do you wish you hadn’t?”

 

Daphne shook her head, “I’m happy that I know the truth, but I want to kill my mother for hiding it and for lying to me.”

 

Harry frowned, “Daphne…what, do you mean?”

 

Daphne shoved the bundle of letters into his hands, “Read those, and you’ll see.”

 

Harry flicked through the letters, scanning the critical parts and omitting the rest. When he looked up at Daphne, his eyes were wide, “Do you think he’s telling the truth?”

 

“Why would he lie?” Daphne asked coolly, “He has no reason to do that. My mother, on the other hand, her and my Uncle Phineas, they have a lot of reasons to lie.”

 

“Daphne,” Harry said quietly, “If what your father wrote in these letters is true…your mother and your Uncle Phineas could go to jail.”

 

“For manslaughter, if not premeditated murder, I know,” Daphne said, “Funnily enough, Lilly and I worked that out while she was trying to calm me down with fucking peppermint tea.”

 

Harry looked at Lilly, “I’m going to hazard a guess and say that it didn’t work.”

 

Lilly smiled slightly, “That’s one way of putting it, yeah.”

 

“You can take it to the ministry but then…other secrets might…come out,” Harry said, he was being careful what he was saying because Lilly was present.

 

“You can talk freely, I told Lilly everything,” Daphne sniffed, “She knows about Astoria.”

 

“Right,” Harry said, “So if you hand the evidence over, there will be a trial, and there’s a chance that during the trial, Astoria would find out that Phineas is her father.”

 

“I’ve tried to tell her that regardless of the stakes, she ought to take it to the ministry,” Lilly chipped in, “Surely you can keep it all on the down-low?”

 

“I do have contacts,” Harry admitted, “But I’m only a trainee. I could do my best, but I couldn’t guarantee that it would be good enough.”

 

“You’re Harry Potter,” Daphne said dryly, “It would be good enough.”

 

Lilly sighed, and Harry frowned, “But Daphne, it’s more than the practicalities. You have to think of this from a practical point of view…do you really want your mother and your uncle to go to jail?”

 

“Harry, they killed my father,” Daphne hissed, “All so they could keep fucking each other!”

 

Harry cringed at her vulgar language. Daphne rarely lost her temper like this, she was usually the cool, calm one in an argument and he was the hothead.

 

“I know Daphne, but we’re talking about severe sentences here. How would Astoria take it?”

 

Daphne swallowed, “Don’t you dare use my sister against me. They deserve to rot for this.”

 

“She’s right, you know?” Lilly said quietly.

 

“I know she is,” Harry snapped, “And I am not trying to use Astoria against you Daphne, but you need to consider everything before you rush to the ministry and make a rash decision. Trust me, I did that once and I lost my godfather. I’m not telling you not to do it, I’m just saying that you need to be sure first or you could end up regretting it for the rest of your life, and I don’t want that kind of bitterness to taint you.”

 

“So you’re doing what then? Saving my soul?” Daphne scoffed.

 

“Yes,” Harry replied simply, “That’s exactly what I’m doing.”

 

Lilly nodded, “That is what he’s doing, Daph.”

 

“I just want to go over to that house and give my mother a piece of my mind,” Daphne muttered under her breath.

 

“And give her a head start? Come on, Daphne, you are far smarter than that,” Lilly said softly, “You know that’s not the logical thing to do.”

 

Harry nodded, “Lil is right. If you confront her then she’s going to run off with your uncle so that when this does go to trial, they can’t pull her up for it,” Harry pointed out, “I know you’re angry, and I don’t blame you for being angry at all but think about this logically.”

 

Daphne sighed, “I want her to be punished.”

 

“I know you do,” Harry said softly, “But you have to ask yourself this one question. Is the collateral damage just going to be too much?”

 

“I don’t know,” Daphne admitted.

 

“And you need to know,” Harry said firmly, “You need to be 100% sure before you act on this so give it a little bit of time and thought Daph, trust me on this one.”

 

“Okay,” Daphne conceded, “But until I decide what to do, we keep this completely quiet. Okay? You can tell Neville, but you do not tell anyone else.”

 

“I understand,” Harry nodded, “And I promise, I won’t tell anyone.”

 

Lilly nodded, “I’ll tell Neville, but no one else, I swear,” she promised Daphne.

 

Daphne nodded and looked into the depths of her tea. Without warning, she picked the cup up and threw it into the sink.

 

“What the fuck?”

 

“What did you do that for?”

 

“I didn’t like what the tealeaves said,” Daphne said irritably.

 

“So you decided to break an 18th-century teacup?” Harry asked in disbelief.

 

Lilly looked at Harry and raised an eyebrow, “Right now I can’t be sure what’s worse. You being upset about a broken antique teacup or Neville crying over the death of a baby venomous bloody tentacula. No wonder you two are best friends.”

 

“Reparo!” Daphne said, far too sassily. The cup repaired itself and she remarked, “Are you a wizard or not?” before stalking out of the kitchen.

 

“It doesn’t matter if you repair it with magic,” Harry muttered after his fiancé, “You can still see the cracks. King George II drank out of this teacup, Lil! The bloody King of Britain!”

 

“Harry, since when do you care so much about teacups?” Lilly asked dryly.

 

“Since I found out how old some of the stuff in my family home was,” Harry replied.

 

“And you care more about a teacup than Daphne, do you? Because I think you need a bit of perspective right now. She just found out that her mother is psychotic murderer then her tea leaves said that she’s going to go through an anxious period of change, like she doesn’t already bloody know that,” Lilly snapped, “So forget about the fucking cup and go make sure she’s okay.”

 

Harry nodded, “Right, sorry. I will. But since when can you read tealeaves? I thought you hated Divination.”

 

“I do, but I was a Ravenclaw. I like to know about all areas of magic, even the bits I don’t like or believe in,” Lilly replied sensibly.

 

 

“Do you really want to do this today?” Harry asked under his breath as he and Daphne walked up the path towards Greengrove House.

 

“Life can’t stop just because of my ground-breaking discovery that my mother is a homicidal slut,” Daphne muttered bitterly.

 

“Okay,” Harry said calmly, “I just want to make sure your head is in the right place, this is a serious thing we’re thinking about doing.”

 

“I am aware of that,” Daphne said sincerely, “And I really am fine. As long as you don’t bring up my mother all week, we won’t have a problem.”

 

Harry sighed, “Daphne, we have to talk about it at some point. You can’t just decide to run to the ministry one day and get your mum a life sentence in Azkaban.”

 

“Actually, I can,” Daphne reminded him, “And I will, once I’ve had a week to think it over like you and Lilly want.”

 

Harry had a feeling that he wasn’t going to win the argument with her because of the mood she was in, so he decided to drop it. But it was still very much an unfinished conversation.

 

By the time they stepped into the drawing-room, the awkward air surrounding the conversation had dissipated. Andromeda smiled over at them, “Harry, Daphne, how lovely to see you again.”

 

Harry smiled at the older woman, “How are you feeling, Andi?”

 

Andromeda looked a little frailer than she had before she had been struck down with dragon pox, but she smiled all the same, “Very tired if I am honest Harry, but I am grateful to be home.”

 

“Well,” Daphne began cryptically, “You might be grateful of the proposition that we have for you then.”

 

Andromeda raised an eyebrow at them, “A proposition?”

 

Harry nodded, “We wondered how you felt about us trialling looking after Teddy full-time. Not like when we took him on holiday, but to see how he would fit into our everyday lives.”

 

Andromeda watched with interest as Daphne added, “He could live with us for the week, and we could trial our plan for you to look after him during the day while we’re at work.”

 

After a contemplative moment, Andromeda nodded slowly, “I think that is a very sensible idea. I just worry that it might confuse him, but then again, so will the adoption when the time comes.”

 

Harry nodded, “So you think it’s a good idea?”

 

“I do,” Andromeda said, “When would you like to start it?”

 

“Well,” Harry said sheepishly, “We thought since we have him this weekend, we could just continue that into the week.”

 

Andromeda didn’t seem overly surprised by the suggestion. She thought about it for a moment then said, “Yes, I suppose that would make sense.         He is in his bedroom if you want to help him pack for the week and explain what is happening?”

 

“Wouldn’t you rather do that?” Harry asked.

 

Andromeda shook her head, “I think it will be better if it comes from you.”

 

“Okay,” Harry said, he turned to Daphne, “Are you coming up?”

 

“Of course,” She replied.

 

They ascended the stairs silently, but the awkward air was gone at least. When they stepped into Teddy’s room, the little boy was playing away happily with his toy dragons.

 

He greeted them with a shout of, “Daddy!” and a hug. Harry’s face lit up with the smile that he reserved for Teddy, and he knelt in front of the little boy, “Hey buddy, we have something to tell you.”

 

Teddy looked up with interest.

 

“You’re going to come and stay with Daphne and me this week,” Harry said kindly, “Do you think that will be fun?”

 

Teddy’s eyes lit up, “Yeah!”

 

Daphne laughed, “Good because we think you’re going to have a great week,” she ruffled the little boy’s hair, and he grinned at her.

 

“We’re going to go to the seaside,” Harry added as he grabbed Teddy’s little suitcase out of the wardrobe, “You love the beach, don’t you?”

 

Teddy grinned and nodded at them. Daphne smiled warmly at him, “Then you are going to have so much fun! Come on, what clothes shall we put in here for you?”

 

“This!” Teddy said, he pulled his Puddlemere strip out of the wardrobe, “An’ this!” he said as he found his favourite jumper, it was dark grey and decorated with multi-coloured dragons.

 

Daphne shot Harry a smile, and he returned it warmly. Somehow, at that moment, they knew that regardless of the trials the week would bring, it would all be okay in the end.

 

 

“This is going well so far,” Daphne commented.

 

Harry shot her an amused look, “Daph, it’s only Sunday. We both know that the hard part starts tomorrow when we have to come home from a hard day's work to look after a toddler.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes, “Yes, I know that. I just meant that Teddy didn’t seem to be showing any signs of separation anxiety from Andromeda, which is good. The confusing part, of course, will be throughout the week because he will see her during the day but then come home to us at night.”

 

“Let’s face it, we always knew that having him through the week would be the biggest struggle, that’s the whole point of this test of yours,” Harry reminded her.

 

“We had him through the week when Andromeda was in the hospital,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“For a couple of days, not for the whole week,” Harry said as he observed her.

 

“Why are you so sure that it’s going to be hard?” Daphne asked under her breath; she didn’t want to raise her voice because Teddy was playing on the floor just a few metres away, “Why are you so convinced that we can’t do this?”

 

Harry’s eyes softened, and he sighed, “That’s not what this is at all,” he promised her, “I just don’t want you to assume that this week is going to be easy because I worry that if you do, you’ll get a real shock when you realise quite how tiring it is to have two full-time jobs.”

 

Daphne glanced over at Teddy, “It’s hard to think of him like that,” she admitted.

 

“Right now it is, let’s see what you’re saying at the end of the week,” Harry said gently, he smiled at her in that boyish, amused way that never failed to make her smile back.

 

“We’ll see,” She challenged.

 

* ~ TBC ~ *

 


“Hey, Hermione! Have you heard the rumour?”

 

Hermione raised an eyebrow at Sarah, one of the girls who worked at the DMLE reception, “I generally tend to steer clear of all rumours, so no.”

 

“Well,” Sarah said eagerly, “Rebecca from HR just told me that Viktor Krum has landed a big job here at the ministry.”

 

That actually did catch Hermione’s attention, “Really?”

 

“Uh-huh,” Sarah replied, “Wouldn’t it be great to have such a heartthrob working in the same building as us?”

 

That made Hermione laugh, “Sarah, it’s a big building, and I highly doubt he’ll be working in the DMLE.”

 

Sarah’s face fell, “Why? We have vacancies, don’t we?”

 

“Yes, we have vacancies but none that a former Quidditch player would qualify for,” Hermione pointed out.

 

“You don’t know him; he might have really good grades too!” Sarah argued.

 

Hermione couldn’t help the Draco-like smirk that came to her lips then, “Actually, it’s because I know him that I know he did get good grades at school, but he will never work for the DMLE.”

 

“How do you know him?” Sarah asked in disbelief.

 

“He’s my ex,” Hermione said calmly.

 

Before Sarah could say anything else or pick her jaw up off the floor, Hermione had scanned her wand and walked through the security gate towards her makeshift office. For some reason, that had felt very good, and she was intrigued to hear that Viktor was considering a job at the British Ministry. She knew that he had given up his Quidditch career, but she couldn’t see the appeal of moving to Britain to retire.

 

“Morning, Hermione.”

 

“Morning Bob,” Hermione chirped as she stepped into the Auror office where she was serving her latest stint. She said good morning to at least ten more Aurors on her way to the desk she shared with Rachel in the back corner of the bullpen.

 

“Good morning, Rachel,” Hermione said cheerfully as she sat down on her side of the desk.

 

Rachel, a mousy haired woman in her early-30’s, looked up at Hermione sheepishly, “You’re in an awfully good mood this morning.”

 

“I had a good birthday over the weekend,” Hermione said by way of explanation, “Draco bought me a kitten.”

 

“God, that is so romantic,” Rachel said bitterly, “It makes me want to vomit.”

 

Hermione bit back an amused smile, Rachel had a dry sense of humour and was incredibly sarcastic, but Hermione thought she was brilliant.

 

“I called her Octavia,” Hermione added as she slid a cardboard cup of coffee across the desk.

 

Rachel caught it without looking up and said, “Jesus Christ, I hope you don’t get to name any children in the future.”

 

“You should hear the baby names Draco likes,” Hermione muttered under her breath, “Bloody Malfoy’s and their star sign obsession.”

 

Rachel ignored this comment and sipped her coffee loudly, “Well, since you are so cheerful this morning, you can do the rota,” she said with a sarcastic grin, “Have fun!”

 

Hermione groaned as a heap of parchment, was dumped in front of her. The rota consisted of scheduling four pairs of Aurors for night-shift every night of the week. It was almost impossible to organise because virtually every Auror had some night that they couldn’t work for one reason or another, so scheduling everyone in could quite easily take her up to 2 pm.

 

However, there was one positive, Rachel was now in a great mood.

 

 

“I need to tell you guys something.”

 

“That sounds way too serious for first thing on a Monday morning,” Theo joked weakly.

 

“Coming from the guy who looks like he’s had no sleep,” Neville said, he shot Theo a sideways glance.

 

Theo rubbed his eyes, “I’ve been worried about Sadie, so I haven’t been sleeping much. She’s still really ill, and the healer who comes out to check her blood pressure is thinking about admitting her to St. Mungo’s if the sickness doesn’t get any better.”

 

“Try not to worry too much,” Draco said supportively, “It’s probably just hyperemesis gravidarum.”

 

Harry raised an eyebrow at Draco, “Fancy saying that in English mate?”

 

“Extreme morning sickness,” Draco said, he glared in Harry’s direction, “To put it in layman’s terms.”

 

Theo ignored the banter between them, “Is it bad?”

 

“No, it just means she might need to stay in the hospital for a bit to rehydrate herself. It shouldn’t last much longer than morning sickness so it will taper off in a couple of weeks with any luck.”

 

“How do you know so much about pregnancy, exactly?” Neville asked Draco, “I mean, you’re an Auror, not a bloody Healer.”

 

Harry shot Draco a knowing look, “You might as well tell him, Theo and I both know, and it's going to come out eventually.”

 

Draco stiffened up slightly, “Fine,” he said reluctantly. He looked away from Neville and said, “Pansy was pregnant when she died.”

 

“Oh,” Neville realised. His eyes widened, “That…that makes sense…that’s why you acted so strange towards the end of the war.”

 

Draco nodded, “Yeah, I was trying to protect her and the baby.”

 

“Shit,” Neville sighed, “I’m sorry man.”

 

Draco shrugged, “It’s in the past. Anyway, Harry, what were you going to say?”

 

“Oh yeah,” Harry recalled as they came to a stop outside the lecture hall, “Daphne and I are doing a trial run this week to see if we can cope with looking after Teddy full-time. He’s staying with us all week, and if it goes well, we’re going ahead with the adoption. I just figured you guys should know in case I’m tired or I seem distracted.”

 

“Wow,” Theo said, “That’s big news. I mean, I knew you were planning on adopting Teddy, but I didn’t realise you were thinking about doing it now.”

 

Harry shrugged, “You don’t really think about when you’re going to become a parent, it just sort of happens.”

 

“You’ll find out all about that soon, mate,” Neville joked as he patted Theo on the back, “All the sleepless nights.”

 

“And screaming sessions,” Harry added in amusement.

 

“Before he gets there, he has to get through Sadie’s cravings first,” Draco joked, he smirked in Theo’s direction.

 

“Don’t even get me started on that,” Theo muttered as they walked into the lecture hall together, “On Saturday night she sent me to something called a Tesco Extra at 3 am to get her a jar of pickled onions, seriously guys, it was 3 am!”

 

 

“So what do you have for me today?”

 

“A cursed mirror, we’re heading up north today. Do you like the north?” Bill asked conversationally as he swept Daphne out of the door she had just come in.

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Well that depends on how far north. I guess the lake district is okay if you like white water rafting and that sort of thing.”

 

“Oh no, much further north than that,” Bill said cheerfully, “So far north it will take a ferry to get us there, it might even be an overnight trip.”

 

“Well, that might be an issue because we’re looking after Teddy this week. I’ll need to check that Harry’s okay to watch him on his own if this needs to be an overnight trip,” Daphne said, “And if it’s that far, are we even staying in Britain?”

 

“Yep, we are going to the lovely Shetland isles,” Bill said happily, “Clear air, beautiful scenery, ah…what a wonderful place Lerwick is.”

 

“Right,” Daphne said slowly, “I can tell you’re really in love with the whole quaint Scottish charm thing, but can I send Harry a message before we go please?”

 

Bill was pulled from his reverie, “Oh yes, of course. I’ll meet you out back by the apparition point.”

 

As he started to walk away, Daphne conjured up a Patronus and sent a message to Harry with it, “Hey Harry. Bill and I have a case in Lerwick up in Shetland, and I might have to stay overnight to break it. Just let me know if you’re going to be okay on your own with Teddy because I can come back and leave Bill to deal with it if you aren’t. Speak to you later. Bye.”

 

Once the message was recorded, her Patronus shot away in a burst of light and Daphne rushed to catch up with Bill outside.

 

“So, a cursed mirror?”

 

“Uh-huh,” Bill mused, “It is an ancient, fascinating case. I can’t wait!”

 

“Do you want to give me the cliff notes?” Daphne asked.

 

Bill shot her a grin, “Oh, don’t worry Daphne, we have a 6-hour ferry trip to discuss the nitty, gritty details!”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes and muttered sarcastically, “Fantastic.”

 

 

“So it looks like I’m going solo for my first night of Operation Can Teddy Live With Us,” Harry whispered to Neville while they pretended to take notes in the back of disguise class.

 

“Has Daphne given up already?” He joked.

 

“No, she just sent me a message, that’s why I had to run out,” Harry replied, “She might need to stay overnight on her latest job if she and Bill can’t solve it today.”

 

Neville raised an eyebrow at him, “Are they doing foreign jobs already?”

 

Harry shook his head, “No, the jobs in Shetland. I thought the same as you, but I guess Shetland is further north than we think it is.”

 

“So you’re cool with Daphne bunking with Bill overnight?” Neville asked quietly.

 

“Bill is like a brother to me, and he’s married to a bloody Veela, I don’t think I have to worry about him straying,” Harry whispered, “And Daphne has high-class tastes, she isn’t going to leave me for a Weasley.”

 

Neville sniggered under his breath, “Harsh, but you’re right.”

 

Harry shot him a smirk, “Don’t suppose you fancy coming over tonight and helping me babysit?”

 

Neville chuckled, “I was waiting for you to ask me that. What’s in it for me?”

 

“The knowledge of knowing you did the right thing and that you’re a loved and appreciated friend?” Harry quipped.

 

Neville snorted, “Fair enough. Yeah, I’ll come over.”

 

 

“Is there a reason why you’re forcing me to endure a 6-hour ferry trip when I’m a witch who is perfectly capable of apparating?” Daphne asked Bill dryly as she looked out over the choppy North Sea.

 

“Daphne Greengrass, if I didn’t know better I would say you look seasick,” Bill said far too cheerfully and with a smirk that he was failing to hide.

 

Daphne shot him an unimpressed look, “Bill, for reasons that you do not need to know about, I am in a foul mood today and yes, I do get seasick so could you just cut the bullshit and tell me A. What’s going on? And B. Why you’re so happy about it?”

 

Bill dropped the overly cheery attitude and nodded, “Fair enough, do you want to talk about your issues?”

 

“No,” Daphne replied shortly.

 

“Alright, the reason I’m so happy is because I have wanted to go back to Shetland for years. I had my first ever solo curse-breaking case there, I stayed on the island for two weeks, and I fell in love with it. I tried to persuade Fleur to go there for our honeymoon, but she couldn’t understand why I wanted to go somewhere cold and wet in autumn.”

 

Daphne smiled slightly, “I can see her point of view.”

 

“So I’m excited to be going back,” Bill concluded, “And as for why we’re on the ferry, this ferry is run by the wizarding family who owns the cursed mirror that we’re going to investigate. The family is split over the issue, some want the mirror investigated, and others want to leave things as they are so I thought we might be able to wheedle some information during the trip across. If I had known that you got seasick, I would have let you apparate ahead.”

 

“It’s fine, but I’m apparating back,” Daphne said firmly, “So what’s the story behind this mirror then?”

 

 “According to the woman who contacted us, it tries to kill anyone who looks into it after sunset,” Bill explained in an undertone, “The mirror has been in the family for years, and everyone knows to cover it with a heavy sheet every evening, but last night, her son heard knocking coming from inside the mirror so he took the sheet off and his own reflection tried to pull him into the mirror. He got away, but the event has traumatised him, his mother wants answers, and she wants the mirror out of the family house, but her sister isn’t in agreement.”

 

“Uh, why the hell not? The mirror could have killed her nephew,” Daphne pointed out.

 

“I know,” Bill agreed, “But apparently the mirror is around 300 years old and has always been in the house, they think removing it might bring some sort of curse crashing down on them.”

 

“It sounds like the mirror already is cursed though,” Daphne said.

 

“Yes, but it is possible that the curse on the mirror has a built-in fail-safe meaning that-”

 

“If we break the curse, another curse will be triggered,” Daphne finished with a nod, “Like a booby trap.”

 

“Exactly,” Bill said, “That’s why we need to tread carefully and talk to every member of the family before we proceed on this one.”

 

“Hence the ferry trip,” Daphne sighed, “Who could cast such a dark, powerful curse like that anyway?”

 

“The magic behind it isn’t actually that complicated,” Bill admitted, “It’s probably some sort of modified mirror image spell. But the history behind the mirror and its age imply that it won’t be that simple when it comes to breaking the curse.”

 

“Right,” Daphne said as she got to her feet a little shakily, “Who are we questioning first then?”

 

“The captain of our little boat,” Bill said, he got up and clapped his hand on her back, “The seasickness will wear off after half an hour or so.”

 

“Will it?” Daphne asked, hopefully.

 

Bill shrugged, “If it doesn’t, you’ll be throwing up over the side of the boat for the next 6 hours.”

 

“Great,” Daphne muttered under her breath, “Just bloody great.”

 

 

“So the captain's nephew – woah, are you still being sick?”

 

Daphne groaned from her spot, leaning over the railing of the boat, “Do you want to ask me any other stupid questions?”

 

Bill grimaced, “Sorry Daphne-”

 

“Cut the crap Bill, how long till we’re there?’ Daphne asked groggily.

 

Bill glanced up ahead, “Well, I can see land so less than half an hour I’d wager.”

 

“Good,” Daphne groaned as she leaned over the boat to throw up once more.

 

“Seriously, how do you have anything left to throw up?”

 

“I don’t fucking know Bill,” Daphne snapped, “Maybe next time you could tell me there was a choice before shoving me onto a goddamn ferry!”

 

Bill did have the courtesy to look sheepish, “Yeah, I am sorry about that Daphne. Will I just brief you when we’re on dry land?”

 

“That’s the best idea you’ve had all day,” Daphne replied dryly and sarcastically.

 

 

“Hey Hermione, have you heard-”

 

“Viktor Krum is coming to work for us?” Hermione guessed when Wayne Hopkins, who she had gone to school with, walked into her office, “Yes, I have, why is everybody so excited about that?”

 

Wayne shrugged, “Because he’s a heartthrob, I guess?”

 

“God, not you too,” Hermione chuckled, “Everyone is going crazy over the news. The poor guy doesn’t stand a chance when he gets here.”

 

“You went to the Yule Ball with him,” Wayne remembered.

 

“Uh-huh,” Hermione agreed, she sipped her coffee, “Are you going somewhere with that thought?”

 

“No, just remembering,” Wayne said, “Anyway, I just popped in with the floo reports that Auror Finch asked for.”

 

“I’ll see he gets them, see you later Wayne,” Hermione said.

 

As Wayne left the office, Rachel whistled, “You dated Viktor Krum? Oh, Hermione, I didn’t think you had it in you…I mean, did you have it in you?”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “Rachel, I was 14.”

 

“So?”

 

“So no,” Hermione said bluntly, “I went to the Yule Ball with him, I taught him some English, and I kissed him a few times. That was it, he’s a sweet guy though, I wrote to him for a few years, and I had a dance with him at Bill and Fleurs wedding.”

 

“So you pined after him for years and years,” Rachel smirked, “And now he’s joining us.”

 

“He’s joining the ministry Rachel,” Hermione said irritably, “It’s a big building, and I did not pine after him! I do not do pining.”

 

A snort sounded from behind her.

 

Hermione spun around to see Harry standing there.

 

“What is that supposed to mean? And what are you doing here?”

 

“You don’t pine? You pined after Draco for years, and I am a trainee Auror, that does allow me access to the DMLE,” Harry smirked.

 

Hermione scoffed, “I never pined after Draco, is that what he thinks? He’s delusional.”

 

“No, that’s what I think,” Harry said with an amused look, “Anyway, I’m here to see Auror Finch. Is he about?”

 

Hermione frowned, “He’s on his lunch…does this have anything to do with the floo records he requested this morning?”

 

“Maybe,” Harry replied cryptically.

 

“Harry…”

 

“It’s above your clearance level, sorry Mione,” Harry said, he shot her a boyish grin, “I’ll go find him in the food court.”

 

Before Hermione could question him any further, he had gone. Hermione groaned and sat down. It wasn’t often that she couldn’t get information out of Harry.

 

 

As it was, Harry found the Auror he was looking for on his way out of the DMLE.

 

“Ah Auror Finch, I was just looking for you.”

 

Auror Finch was a thin, greying man with a bald patch. He smiled warmly at Harry, “Ah Trainee Auror Potter, we spoke via floo yesterday, didn’t we?”

 

“We did,” Harry agreed, “Did you get those reports I asked about?”

 

“They were due in late this morning, so they probably arrived while I was on lunch,” Finch replied, “Take a seat in my cubicle, and I will be with you as soon as possible.”

 

He led Harry along the corridor and through the maze of cubicles. Harry sat down at Finch’s; his partner's seat was vacant, so he didn’t have to attempt to make small talk. It felt odd to think that in a few short years, this would be where he and Neville spent their days.

 

After a few minutes, Finch returned with a report in hand, “The report is missing some information because we lost a lot when Voldemort took over, but there are bits and pieces in here. I can’t just hand it over to you, you being a Trainee and all but we can go through it together.”

 

Harry nodded, “I just need you to understand that this is personal, what is in this report cannot become public knowledge.”

 

“From the moment you asked for a favour, I knew it was going to be personal,” Finch admitted, “Harry Potter does not tend to ask for favours.”

 

Harry smiled slightly, “That is true.”

 

“And it didn’t take a genius to figure out who it's for, you asking for the floo calls going in and out of Greengrass house and all,” Finch added.

 

Harry smiled sheepishly, “So how many calls were made that month?”

 

“Six,” Finch replied, he flipped open the report, “It seems the master of the house at that time was Phineas Greengrass.”

 

Harry nodded, “His brother Cygnus and his wife were in hiding.”

 

“So of those six calls, four were to Lareina Greengrass,” Finch said, “His brother's wife.”

 

“Do you have transcripts?” Harry asked tentatively.

 

“Two were too corrupted to pull transcripts from,” Finch admitted, “But the guys in the DMT managed to pull two. Here they are…”

 

Harry took a shaky breath and looked at the two transcripts in front of him.

 

“Phineas: Just run away, leave him in the safe house and come with me.

 

Lareina: I cannot just run away with you Phineas! What about my daughters? I have to think of them.

 

Phineas: Bring them with you then.

 

Lareina: You know that Daphne will never do that. Despite everything I have told her, she still holds out hope that her father can be saved. If I run away with you, what happens after the war when Cygnus can come after us again?

 

Phineas: He will not come after us, Lareina! He will never kill you because he loves you too, just not as much as I do. You know that he did not set that fire with the intention of killing you.

 

Lareina: I just cannot run off and leave him. I hate loose ends, Phineas.

 

Phineas: So what do you suggest we do, kill him?

 

Lareina: It might be best for all of us.

 

Phineas: For Heaven's sake Lareina, I was being sarcastic!

 

Lareina: You said you loved me more than life itself. You said that you would do anything for me.

 

Phineas: When I said that, I never thought you would ask me to kill your husband.

 

Lareina: Then we do it together.

 

Phineas: We will discuss this in person at a later date, Lareina. Think about what you have just said. Those are some very serious requests.”

 

“Shit,” Harry muttered as he flipped the page, “She was right.”

 

Finch remained silent as Harry read the second transcript.

 

“Lareina: It will happen tonight. Cygnus thinks that we have informed on his location to the Death Eaters. Come to the house in a black cloak with a mask and do it.

 

Phineas: Lareina, are you sure you want to go through with this?

 

Lareina: If you truly want us to be happy, we have to take him out of the equation Phineas. He will never know that it was you; he will simply think that the Dark Lord has grown tired of trying to recruit him.

 

Phineas: Lareina, I beg you to reconsider.

 

Lareina: I shall not! And if you back out then it will be clear to me that you do not love me as you say you do.

 

Phineas: [sigh] I shall do it.”

 

“Oh shit,” Harry muttered, he pushed the transcripts over, “You’ve read them?”

 

Finch nodded, “I need to arrest your girlfriend's mother, I’m sorry, but these records show that she has committed a serious crime.”

 

“I know,” Harry said quickly, “But please don’t do it just yet. Let my fiancé explain to her sister first, let her bring in the letters she has so that you have all the evidence you need for a clean arrest and trial.”

 

Finch sighed, “You know I shouldn’t.”

 

“I just need a week, please Finch,” Harry begged.

 

Finch nodded stiffly, “One week, but if she escapes or if you fail to bring that evidence in then I have to arrest you for obstruction of justice.”

 

Harry nodded fiercely, “I completely understand that, and thank you so much.”

 

 

“Do you feel better now?”

 

Daphne nodded and took a slow sip of water. She still looked very pale and was a little shaky on her feet, but now that she was back on dry land, she had stopped throwing up.

 

“So I found out lots while you were throwing up,” Bill said, for which he was glared at, “The captain of the boat is very superstitious as most sailors are. His mother is the sister who does not want to get rid of the mirror.”

 

“And what does he think then?”

 

“Well, he told me all about the story behind the mirror. Apparently, its been in the family for 300 years and has a spooky history. Way back, the master reportedly had an affair with a maid. That maid then fell completely in love with the master and wanted him to leave his wife for her. Of course, the master had only wanted something on the side, so he was having none of that. Out of spite, the maid then poisoned the master's wife and their two children. They all died, and apparently, their spirits were trapped in the mirror.”

 

“Is that even possible?” Daphne asked.

 

Bill shrugged, “Well, it’s debatable. There is an old superstition that you ought to cover up all the mirrors in the house when someone dies so that their spirit doesn’t get trapped, but it doesn’t hold much truth or every time someone died in a house, we’d have a haunted mirror.”

 

“Right, I sense a but?” Daphne prompted.

 

Bill smiled, “But…the maid could have been a witch. If that was the case, then it could have affected the tale in two ways. Either she did poison them and then trapped their spirits in a mirror with some seriously dark magic or, and I hope it’s this option, she did not kill them. She just trapped them in the mirror with an entrapment spell.”

 

Daphne frowned, “So if it was an entrapment spell, wouldn’t they have just died in the mirror?”

 

Bill shook his head, “They would have been frozen as they were at the time.”

 

Realisation shone in Daphne’s eyes, “Which is why they appear to pull other people into the mirror…they are actually trying to pull themselves out.”

 

“Correct,” Bill said, “Now for your next question.”

 

“Why do you hope its that option?” Daphne asked.

 

“Because if it’s the first option, this case is going to be a lot harder than I thought,” Bill replied, “The magic required to trap dead souls is very dark, to do so the maid would have had to kill them violently to rip the spirit from the body then she would have to trap that soul in an object, in this case, a mirror.”

 

Daphne frowned, “So the mirror would be a Horcrux.”

 

Bill frowned down at her, “How do you know what a Horcrux is?”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “Marrying Harry Potter, destroyer of all Horcruxes. My best friend is dating Neville Longbottom who beheaded a Horcrux with a giant sword.”

 

“Fair point,” Bill sniggered, “And yes, it is rather like a Horcrux, I suppose. When a soul, or part of a soul in the case of a Horcrux, is trapped within an object, the object can take on a life of its own.”

 

“Why does that make the case more difficult?” Daphne asked, “If the mirror is a Horcrux, can’t we just kill it with basilisk venom or fiendfyre?”

 

Bill stopped in his tracks and stood in front of her, “Right. How do you know that much about Horcruxes? Because all the Prophet ever published was that there were Horcruxes involved.”

 

“I know the whole story,” Daphne admitted, “I know how many there were, what they all were and who destroyed which ones. I also know how Harry miraculously survived the forest that night.”

 

Bill frowned, “You can’t mean…”

 

Daphne nodded, “Harry was a Horcrux, an accidental one. Voldemort’s soul was so unstable that when he tried to kill an innocent baby that night, it ripped apart. A shard attached itself to Harry, and when Harry sacrificed himself for love that night in the forbidden forest, the part of Voldemort inside him died, but he came back. Then Neville beheaded the snake which was the final Horcrux, so that when Harry duelled Voldemort for the last time in the final battle-”

 

“-He would die for good,” Bill finished, “Blimey, that boys been through more than any man could take.”

 

Daphne nodded, “It’s not common knowledge, so please, keep it to yourself.”

 

“I will,” Bill promised her, he stepped away and began to walk along the road once more, “And no, by the way, it isn’t as simple as just destroying the mirror to kill a Horcrux. This is not a corrupted soul; it is a whole soul. If we destroy the mirror or possibly even just break the curse on the mirror, then the souls escape, and after years of entrapment they would become very dangerous poltergeists.”

 

Daphne sighed, “So what if it’s the second option? What happens if we break the curse on the mirror?”

 

“The people who were trapped there, come out,” Bill replied, “Although they will be whole physically, they will be warped mentally. I would expect them all to live out their days in the mental health ward of St. Mungo’s.”

 

“So either way, it doesn’t have a happy ending,” Daphne concluded.

 

Bill shook his head, “No, it doesn’t I’m afraid.”

 

 

As they stood in front of a large, grand country house, Bill said, “So I will lead the negotiation-”

 

“-Why don’t I take this one?”

 

Bill frowned, “Daphne, I am sure you are more than capable, but this is a sensitive case. Not everyone involved wants us to investigate this curse.”

 

“I am aware of that, but I am very good at negotiating,” Daphne replied, “My mother always wanted me to join the Department of Magical Co-operation, and I helped negotiate a few big deals for the family business.”

 

Bill opened his mouth to say something, but then thought better of it and shut it again, “Alright, you can lead this one, but if I feel like I need to then I will jump in and take over.”

 

“Deal,” Daphne said smoothly. They continued their walk up the path and knocked on the front door.

 

There was a small wait, then a rustling sound from behind the door. When it swung open, a middle-aged woman in a sweatshirt looked at them disapprovingly.

 

“Good afternoon, ma’am. I am Daphne Greengrass, and this is my colleague, William Weasley. We’re the curse breakers from Gringotts that you sent for.”

 

“My sister sent for you,” The woman spat, “And it was a wasted trip, you are not going anywhere near that mirror!”

 

Before she could slam the door shut on them, Daphne stopped her, “Ma’am, we may not touch that mirror. We need your permission to do so for a start, but we do want to come in and have a discussion with you about it. We cannot do anything to it if you do not want us to, but we need to log that there may be a dangerous cursed object in your house. It’s the law.”

 

The woman sighed, but opened the door fully again, “Fine, come in.”

 

Daphne and Bill stepped into the house. The woman, who spoke with a broad Scottish accent, shouted, “Julie, get your arse down here! The curse breakers you sent for want to talk to us.”

 

There was a loud clatter upstairs, then a younger woman with dark brown hair appeared at the bottom of the steps, “You came! Oh, thank Merlin, you came!”

 

Bill smiled, “We came as soon as we could. I’m Bill, we spoke via floo yesterday, and this is my colleague Daphne Greengrass.”

 

“Pleasure to meet you,” Daphne said politely.

 

“And you,” Julie said, “Come into the breakfast room, and we can talk over a pot of tea.”

 

There was a slightly awkward silence while they waited for the tea. It was clear that the two sisters were very divided over the issue of what should happen to the mirror.

 

“Shall we begin?” Daphne asked when everyone had a cup of tea in their hands.

 

The older sister, whose name they did not know, just grunted.

 

“I would like to start by saying that we are not here to force either of you to do anything with the mirror,” Daphne said calmly, “Before we could even think about touching it, we would need to quickly look at it and run a diagnostic charm or two. That would tell us exactly what was going on with it. After we had done that, it would be up to the two of you to decide what we did next.”

 

“How do we know we can even trust you?” The older sister asked.

 

“Marianne, they are from Gringotts,” Julie hissed, “They are hardly charlatans!”

 

Daphne raised her hands, “I understand your concern ma’am. It is an old, invaluable family heirloom. I promise that nothing we will do to identify the curse, if there is one, will harm the mirror.”

 

Marianne frowned at them, “And you won’t do anything to it? Even if you do find a curse?”

 

“Not without permission from both of you, written permission if you so wish,” Daphne promised, “We were brought here by your sister, but we are impartial on this matter. We are not privately contracted; we provide a free and informative service. All that we can do is advise you. If you choose to go against our advice that is entirely up to yourself.”

 

Marianne huffed thoughtfully then nodded, “Fine, you can run your diagnostic charms.”

 

“But not until the morning,” Julie cut in, she glanced out of the window, “The sun will set in less than an hour, it always sets early here in the winter.”

 

Daphne looked at the darkening sky and sighed.

 

“I am sorry,” Julie said apologetically, “We can offer you a meal and a bed for the night while you wait. Did you have somewhere you needed to be on the mainland?”

 

“No,” Daphne said with a sad smile, “My fiancé and I are adopting our godson and tonight was his first night staying with us, but I am sure he will manage just fine on his own. We appreciate your offer of a meal and a bed for the night, and we will get straight to work in the morning.”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


“Come on, Ted, why won’t you stop crying?” Harry asked as he paced the floor with Teddy.

 

“He’s still in pain, Harry,” Neville commented.

 

The little boy had his hand stuffed in his mouth, and he was screaming hysterically. Harry was starting to lose the plot, “What more am I meant to do, Nev? The mild pain potion hasn’t worked, he doesn’t seem to want to be cuddled, but then he screams more when I put him down! He doesn’t want milk or water. If Daphne was here, she’d be able to settle him right down.”

 

“She’s only in Shetland,” Neville reminded Harry, “You can always floo her. She’d be able to nip through and settle him then head back.”

 

Harry sighed, “But then I’m admitting defeat at the first hurdle, Nev.”

 

“He’s teething Harry,” Neville said. He pushed himself to his feet and put his hand on Harry’s arm, “And the full moon was only a couple of days ago. I’m sure she’ll cut you some slack.”

 

Harry sighed, and Teddy screamed louder.

 

Neville took the little boy from his arms and started to pace up and down, bouncing him up and down gently, “Floo Daph.”

 

“Fine,” Harry said, accepting defeat and throwing some floo powder into the fireplace.

 

When he floo-ed, he got through to the house-elf in the kitchen who patched him through to the fireplace in her bedroom. Because it was a reconnection within the same house, the fireplace did not roar as it would have done otherwise.

 

Harry had opened his mouth to shout her name, but when he saw her with Bill, he closed it straight away. She was sitting on the bed in her silk and lace pyjamas, with her back to Harry and her hand in Bills…

 

 

Knock. Knock.

 

Daphne opened the door by a crack and peered out. She had expected one of the sisters to be outside the door, ready to interrogate her, but she had not expected to see Bill.

 

“Do you mind if I come in?” He asked.

 

Daphne drew the door back and let him in. The moment he saw her, he looked awkward, “Oh sorry. I didn’t realise that you were…”

 

“I was just getting ready for bed,” Daphne explained.

 

“I’m sorry, I can go,” Bill said, he averted his eyes, “I was just coming in to have a quick chat about the case before tomorrow.”

 

“It’s fine,” Daphne said, although she felt self-conscious all of a sudden. She slept in flimsy satin or lace pyjamas all of the time, but she hadn’t expected Bill to come into her bedroom, “Do you reckon there’s something off about the case?”

 

Bill shook his head and perched on the end of her bed, “Not as such. I was impressed with your negotiation earlier though, I mean it wasn’t how I would have done it but-”

 

“I know it wasn’t,” Daphne cut in, “But the moment I saw the snake emblem on the front door, I knew that your nicey-nice way wasn’t going to cut it.”

 

Bill looked up in surprise, “There was a snake emblem on the front door?”

 

“Uh-huh,” Daphne smirked, “The only people of wizarding heritage with snakes carved into their doors tend to be of Slytherin descent, and I have a way of talking to them that works better than your way.”

 

Bill raised an eyebrow at her, “Your way involved bullshitting them.”

 

“I may have told a few alternative truths,” Daphne admitted, “Is that really so wrong if it removes a dangerous object from a house and saves future lives?”

 

“Well,” Bill sighed, “It just wasn’t how I would have done it. You know fine well that we get a commission from the bank on every curse we break, and Julie is paying Gringotts damn well for our service, free service my arse.”

 

“Hey, it worked,” Daphne pointed out, “Sometimes I think you forget what house I’m from, it must be all that noble shit of Harry’s rubbing off on me.”

 

Bill laughed, “You know, I’m kind of glad you mentioned Harry because I wanted to talk to you about him. About you and him, actually.”

 

Daphne frowned, “Okay…?”

 

“I just…I know it’s not my place to say this so feel free to hit me, but I just feel like it might be a mistake for the two of you to adopt Teddy at the moment,” Bill admitted, “I mean by all means have him over every weekend and take him on holidays but adopting him full-time…”

 

“Why would it be a mistake?” Daphne asked defensively.

 

“From my experience, having a baby…it doesn’t tend to do good things for your relationship,” Bill admitted, “Fleur and I were stupidly in love, we didn’t have fights, we just laughed together and travelled together and had sex all of the time, too much information I know.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him.

 

Bill ignored her and continued, “Then we had Victoire, and everything changed. We were tired all the time, angry all of the time. We stopped having fun together, and we started to resent each other, Merlin Daphne, sometimes I think we hate each other, and quite regularly I think we’re only roughing it out for Vic.”

 

“I’m sorry to hear that Bill, I really am,” Daphne said sincerely, “But Harry and I aren’t you and Fleur.”

 

“I know you aren’t. You two are younger, you have even more promise, and I don’t think you should throw that away for a kid who already has a grandmother to raise him,” Bill said boldly.

 

Daphne crossed her arms over her chest, “You’re right, it isn’t your place to say that. Harry loves Teddy with all of his heart, I mean, how can he not? I do too. It’s going to be hard, but I have faith that we’re strong enough to get through it.”

 

“I had faith too,” Bill admitted, “I thought what I felt for Fleur was stronger than anything I had ever experienced. I thought that it was a bond that couldn’t be broken, but when you’re young and stupidly in love, it’s easy to think that lust is love. When you’re stuck in the monotony of go to work, come home, change nappies, go to bed, wake up exhausted…you start to realise that the love isn’t there anymore.”

 

Daphne sighed and placed her hand on Bills. She wasn’t sure if he had noticed, but he had tears in his eyes, “Bill, I don’t think this is about Harry and me at all. I think this is you projecting what’s going on with you and Fleur onto us.”

 

Bill sighed too, “Maybe it is,” he agreed.

 

“You need to get yourselves out of this funk,” Daphne said gently.

 

Bill looked out of the window to the dark sky, “I guess I’m just feeling a bit unloved at the moment. Not very manly of me, I know.”

 

Daphne smiled, “Well, you shouldn’t because Fleur does love you, and Victoire loves you. Your family all love you, and Harry and I love you.”

 

From behind them, they heard a scoff. Daphne spun around and saw Harry’s head disappearing from the flames.

 

“Was that…” Bill trailed off.

 

“That was Harry, and from how quickly he disappeared, I think he just came into that conversation at the wrong moment,” Daphne admitted. She bit her lip, “He’s a recovering alcoholic Bill, I just…I don’t want this to tip him over the edge when he has been doing so well.”

 

“Shit,” Bill muttered, “I’m sorry. Look if you need to go-”

 

“I do need to go,” Daphne said quickly.

 

“Will you be back in the morning?” Bill asked, “Because I think you’re pretty invaluable to this case.”

 

“I’ll try to be,” Daphne promised as she shoved her feet into slippers, “But if I’m not, I’m sure you’ll manage just fine without me.”

 

She grabbed a silken dressing gown from a hook on the back of the door and threw some floo powder into the fire.

 

She stepped inside, shut her eyes and said, “Potter Manor.”

 

 

Harry felt sick when he rematerialised in Potter Manor. Neville looked at him cluelessly. Harry scoffed again and took the silent, now fast-asleep child out of his arms.

 

“What is it?” Neville asked.

 

Harry just shook his head and took Teddy upstairs. He lay him down in his cot and heard the floo roar downstairs. He knew who it was, and he was well and truly prepared for a fight.

 

When he stepped into the drawing-room, she was there, with her arms crossed over her chest.

 

“Don’t you dare,” She said as his eyes flickered towards the drinks cabinet behind her.

 

“Don’t I dare?” Harry hissed.

 

“What’s going on?” Neville asked.

 

“What’s going on?” Harry scoffed, “She’s sleeping with Bill behind my back, Neville, that’s whats going on!”

 

Neville snorted, “Come on, Harry. No, she’s not.”

 

“I know what I just saw, Neville!” Harry snapped irritably.

 

“What you saw was a snippet of a conversation,” Daphne argued.

 

“And you’re paranoid,” Neville agreed.

 

“Oh so you’re on her side, are you?” Harry fumed.

 

“Her? I have a name!” Daphne hissed, “And I’ve done nothing wrong!”

 

“Are you serious?” Harry snapped, “You told him you loved him!”

 

“As a friend!”

 

Harry shook his head in disbelief and looked at Neville, “Are you still defending her?”

 

“Yeah, Harry, because this is your paranoia speaking. You think she’s too hot for you so you are misinterpreting the evidence again and I’m not going to indulge it,” Neville said calmly.

 

“Fine,” Harry snapped, “Fine! Then I’m out of here.”

 

“Harry!”

 

“Harry, grow the hell up,” Neville called after him.

 

But he didn’t say anything else, he just left, shutting the front door loudly behind him. A shriek sounded upstairs, and Daphne rolled her eyes irritably, “I need to deal with Teddy. Neville, if you find Harry, please make sure that he doesn’t drink himself into a stupor.”

 

“Yeah,” Neville sighed, “But do me a favour. Okay? Floo Lilly, I know it’s after lights out, but she’ll break the rules if you need her and I think you probably do need someone to talk to once you’ve settled Teddy down.”

 

Daphne nodded, “I will,” she promised.

 

 

Neville checked all of the usual places for Harry before he started to get concerned. He wasn’t outside in his cabin with Dave. He wasn’t in the summer house at the back of the garden, and he wasn’t sulking at the Quidditch pitch either.

 

So the next place he checked was Grimmauld Place, in the hope that he had been sensible enough to seek help from Hermione before drinking himself into a stupor.

 

When he floo-ed the kitchen fireplace, Draco answered straight away, “What is it with you lot tonight? We just got rid of Potter.”

 

“Then I need to talk to you,” Neville said, “Let me in, please.”

 

Draco rolled his eyes but stepped back and unlocked the fire. A few seconds later, Neville stepped through and dusted himself off. He snorted when he saw Theo sitting at the table in a dressing gown, nursing a cup of coffee.

 

“Is there any point in you two having a house each?” He quipped.

 

“Yeah, whatever,” Theo shrugged, “You sound like Harry.”

 

“Where is he?” Neville asked.

 

“I don’t know, but he’s not here anymore. He stormed out in the huff,” Draco replied.

 

“Why?” Neville asked irritably, “What the hell did you two idiots say to him?”

 

“What’s wrong with your face?” Draco asked as he let Harry into the house.

 

“Daphne is having an affair,” Harry hissed.

 

“What?” Another voice said from the kitchen.

 

Harry stepped in and added, “With Bill Weasley.”

 

“Shut the front door!” Theo exclaimed.

 

“Do you actually live in your own fucking house, Theo?” Harry snapped.

 

“No need to be mean to Theo just because you’re being delusional,” Draco remarked sarcastically, “Daphne isn’t having an affair with Weasley, what put that ridiculous idea into your head?”

 

“Oh, just the fact I went to floo her and saw her sitting on her bed with him, wearing next to nothing, holding his hand and telling him that she bloody loves him!” Harry said quickly.

 

“That does sound very affair-like,” Theo admitted.

 

Draco scoffed, “No, it doesn’t, it’s just Harry jumping to conclusions. Sorry to break it to you, Harry, but you do kind of have a track record.”

 

“Jumping to conclusions? What else could what I just heard possibly mean exactly?” Harry snapped.

 

“Why is Harry jumping to conclusions this time?” A new voice asked.

 

“He thinks Daphne’s having an affair with Bill,” Draco said.

 

There was a snort, then Hermione stepped into the kitchen wearing a pink, fluffy dressing gown, “Are you mad? She’s crazy for you; she’s not sleeping with anyone else, and especially not Bill.”

 

“No,” Harry said irritably, “I know what I saw, Hermione!”

 

“You thought you saw Severus Snape trying to kill you on a broomstick in first year when it was actually Quirrell, and Snape was trying to save you,” Hermione pointed out, “You aren’t exactly the most observant person in the world Harry.”

 

Draco sniggered, “She has a point.”

 

“Well, I don’t see how I can take what I saw any other way!” Harry snapped, “How would you take it if you saw your fiancé sitting on their bed wearing next to nothing, talking to their boss, holding their bosses hand and talking about love?”

 

Hermione frowned, “Harry, I am sure you are just misunderstanding whatever was going on.”

 

“What do you class as next to nothing, anyway?” Draco asked curiously.

 

“How is that relevant?”

 

Draco shrugged, “I’m just curious.”

 

“She was wearing those bloody short silky pyjamas of hers,” Harry said irritably.

 

“Holy shit, she’s definitely fucking him.”

 

“Shut up, Theo!” Hermione and Draco echoed.

 

“I really doubt she’s sleeping with him, to be honest with you, Harry,” Draco said, “She has standards, and he’s a Weasley, no offence Hermione.”

 

“Not much taken,” Hermione said, she shot him a glare.

 

Harry shook his head in disbelief, “So this is how it is then? Harry is paranoid! Harry is just misunderstanding things! Harry must not tell fucking lies! Well fine…I’ll deal with this in my own way.”

 

“Harry,” Hermione called as he stalked down the hall, “Harry James Potter, you better not drink tonight!”

 

Harry didn’t say anything; he just slammed the door and left the house.

 

“Great!” Neville said sarcastically, “So we all alienated him and brushed him off, making him think he was going mad so now he’s?”

 

“Drinking,” Draco and Theo echoed.

 

“Exactly!” Neville snapped, “And we have no idea where he’s gone because clearly, he doesn’t want to be found, which means he won’t be in any of the obvious bloody places!”

 

“Shit,” Theo muttered.

 

“Yeah, shit is a good way of summing it up Theo,” Neville said irritably, “I’m going to go and look for him. If I find him before morning, I’ll floo you because we’re going to need to sober him up and have him functional before we got to training tomorrow. If they find out he’s a recovering alcoholic who just relapsed, he’ll be out of his ear.”

 

“Fuck,” Draco cursed.

 

“We’re shit friends.”

 

“Yeah, we are,” Neville sighed. Without another word to them, he dashed out of the house and began his search for Harry.

 

 

When the floo in Lilly’s room roared to life after midnight, she knew something was wrong. She immediately silenced the breach of lights out alarm and put a muffliato charm on the door of her dorm room.

 

She stuck her head in the flames and saw Daphne sitting cross-legged in front of the fire.

 

“What have you done?”

 

“Why do you assume that I’ve done something?” Daphne asked irritably.

 

“Because you look guilty,” Lilly answered honestly, “What happened?”

 

“Harry thinks I’m cheating on him.”

 

“Why?”

 

“Because he saw a snippet of a conversation and interpreted it the wrong way,” Daphne muttered irritably.

 

“What could he possibly have heard that gave him that impression?” Lilly asked incredulously.

 

“I was in Shetland with Bill, it was an overnight case,” Daphne said with a shrug, “I was in my pyjamas, and he came in. We had a heart to heart about adopting Teddy and about how he’s unhappy with Fleur then I told him that lots of people loved him.”

 

Lilly raised an eyebrow at her best friend, “Right, you’re being an arse, so I’m coming over.”

 

“How am I being an arse? I’ve done nothing wrong!” Daphne muttered irritably, “And you can’t come through. It’s illegal to use the floo internationally.”

 

“Yeah, it is,” Lilly agreed, “Which is why I’m not going to use the floo.”

 

“It’s also inadvisable to apparate across bodies of water,” Daphne pointed out, “Hence why Bill made me get the bloody ferry to Shetland.”

 

“That’s true, but I can apparate to Calais with my broomstick then I can fly across the channel which will take me about twenty minutes,” Lilly said with a smirk, “Then I can apparate from Dover to Potter Manor. So I’ll see you in half an hour, don’t do anything stupid until I get there.”

 

 

When Neville did eventually find Harry, he was so far gone that there was no reasoning with him.

 

“You fucking idiot!” Neville snapped when he walked into the room at the top of the Shrieking Shack and saw the empty bottle of firewhiskey.

 

Harry looked up blearily, “Fuck off Neville,” he slurred.

 

“No,” Neville fumed, “No, I won’t fuck off, and I won’t let you throw your fucking life away! This is the last bloody straw, Harry!”

 

“Stupefy!”

 

It didn’t take much to knock Harry out; the alcoholic had already pretty much done it. Neville lifted his best friend and slung him over his shoulder then he sent a message to Theo via a Patronus.

 

“Theo. I’ve found him. Get Draco and come to Potter Manor so that we can deal with this problem once and for all.”

 

The Patronus dashed away, so Neville spun on his heel and apparated to the gates of Potter Manor.

 

 

When Lilly walked in, her hair was windswept, and her cheeks were pink, but she looked unphased by her late-night trip across the channel.

 

“Okay,” Lilly said as she stepped into the kitchen and put the kettle on the stove to boil, “I hate that I’m going to be the one to say this to you, but somebody has to.”

 

Daphne watched her friend warily.

 

“You need to change,” Lilly said bluntly.

 

“What?” Daphne retorted, “But I didn’t do anything wrong.”

 

“That’s arguable,” Lilly said, “Just hear me out, okay? You have always been a flirty person, that’s just part of who you are, and with us that’s fine, but what happened tonight was foolish. If I was in your position, I would never have allowed myself to be caught in a room alone, late at night, in the sort of pyjamas you wear to bed, with my boss. Straight away, that looks bad.”

 

Daphne frowned but didn’t disagree.

 

“You might not like it, but your life is in the public eye, Daphne,” Lilly told her, “You and Harry are the golden couple. Everything you do in public is watched and documented for the entertainment of the nation. Imagine if someone had taken a photograph through a window, it would be front-page news, you would be called a scarlet woman, and it would be a scandal.”

 

“Are you calling me a slut, Lilly?” Daphne asked, hurt creeping into her voice.

 

“No, Daph, I’m not calling you a slut,” Lilly said honestly, “Because if I was doing that, I’d be saying Daphne, you’re being a slut. What I am saying is that you need to think about what you do and say, and you need to think about the consequences that those actions have.”

 

The kettle screeched, and Lilly took it off the stove then started to grab mugs out of the cupboard, “Let me put it this way. Say there was a big party, a posh pureblood event, okay? Harry was ill so he couldn’t make it and I was on shift. So, you and Neville decided to go together like you did at the Founders Ball.”

 

Daphne frowned as she tried to follow this.

 

“This event isn’t somewhere private where everyone knows us, like Hogwarts,” Lilly added, “It’s at the ministry, and there are reporters and photographers. One of them snaps a picture of you arm in arm with Neville, smiling or laughing and they put the headline, CHOSEN ONE'S SIDEKICK AND WIFE: A SCANDALOUS AFFAIR, above it. That can ruin lives, careers and most importantly, reputations.”

 

Lilly put a cup of coffee into Daphne’s hands, “You don’t want a reputation, Daphne, and if you carry on like this, you’re going to get one.”

 

Daphne rested her head in her hands, “Do you really think I’m the one in the wrong here?”

 

“I didn’t say that,” Lilly said, “I’m just warning you that you need to tread more carefully in the future because-”

 

She was cut off by the front door opening. Both women stepped into the entrance hall and saw Neville with Harry over his shoulder.

 

Daphne’s face fell, “Is he drunk?”

 

“Oh, he’s drunk alright,” Neville grunted, “He was a whole bottle of Ogdens down when I found him.”

 

Daphne shook her head in disbelief, “Idiot!” she snapped.

 

“Don’t worry, I’ve got a way to set him straight,” Neville promised her, “But I need to take him out to the summer house and beat the shit out of him to do it.”

 

Daphne nodded. She clicked her fingers and thrust her hand in Harry’s direction. He disappeared from Neville’s shoulders in a flash.

 

“What did you just do?”

 

“Banished him to the summer house,” Daphne replied, “We can get in, but he won’t be able to get out.”

 

“I’ve sent for Theo and Draco. I’m going to need the back-up,” Neville said with a sigh.

 

“Have a coffee with us while you wait for them to get here,” Lilly said. She took her boyfriend's hand and dragged him into the kitchen.

 

“How did you get here?” Neville asked curiously.

 

“Apparated to Calais, flew, then apparated here from Dover,” Lilly replied calmly as she handed him a coffee.

 

“She got here in half an hour. I’ve no idea how Ravenclaw came last in the cup if she can fly that fast,” Daphne joked feebly.

 

“My irritation at you drove me onwards,” Lilly remarked, “This is what I was about to say when Neville came in. You’re so smart, Daphne, but sometimes you do really stupid things.”

 

“Gee thanks, Lil,” Daphne muttered, “That’s a backhanded compliment if ever I heard one.”

 

Lilly snorted, “What I was pointing out was that it’s fine to be your usual, flirty self around us because we know that’s what your like and we’re all okay with it-”

 

“I’m not that flirty,” Daphne objected, “You make it sound like I flirt with everyone!”

 

“You kind of do,” Lilly said, “You flirt with me.”

 

“We have a thing; I’m allowed to flirt with you,” Daphne bit back.

 

Neville sniggered into his coffee.

 

“And you flirt with Neville,” Lilly continued, “Not that he notices mind you.”

 

“Does she?” Neville asked with a frown.

 

“See? Case and point,” Lilly said with a roll of her eyes, “Anyway, what I’m saying is that when you’re at work or out in public, you can’t do that. At the risk of getting slapped, you do need to play the part of the perfect, pureblood trophy wife. You need to hold Harry’s hand and make him look good; you need to stick with him all night. I know it’s not fun, but it’s the life we need to lead because we are all in the public eye, whether we like it or not.”

 

Neville nodded glumly.

 

“Everything changed when we left school, Daph, and it will all change again once the guys get their seats on the Wizengamot. Then again, when they get their Order of Merlins. They are just going to get more famous; the papers are always going to want to know about their lives. You and I can be as daft as we want in private, but in public, we’re going to be the wives of Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom, and we’re going to have to play that part.”

 

“I know this is a profound chat, but does this mean you’ve decided we’re getting married?”

 

“Of course she has, you just need to pull your finger out and buy a ring,” Daphne responded.

 

Neville looked up in surprise, “Really?”

 

“Yes, really,” Daphne remarked, “We saw an alternate future where you were married to Hannah, and she was a lonely cat lady. Unsurprisingly that made her re-evaluate her actual life and go, holy shit, Neville is amazing, I want to marry him.”

 

Lilly hid an amused smirk, “What happened to subtly dropping hints, Daph?”

 

“I’m too tired for subtlety, and you’re insulting my life choices,” Daphne grumbled.

 

“No, I’m not, I’m just telling you to be a little less promiscuous,” Lilly said with a genuine smile, “Can’t you see how it must have looked from Harry’s point of view?”

 

“I should have thought about that too and taken his side a bit more,” Neville admitted sheepishly.

 

Daphne sighed, “I didn’t think about how it looked from his point of view. I just assumed he was jumping to conclusions like he tends to.”

 

Lilly frowned then jumped up, “I’ve got an idea!”

 

“Where are you going?”

 

“I’ll be back in a minute!”

 

“What’s she doing, Nev?” Daphne asked.

 

“I have no idea,” Neville admitted, “I’ve given up trying to work her out. Are you two serious about the ring thing? Does she really want me to propose?”

 

“Yes, she really does,” Daphne replied.

 

“But she was breaking up with me two months ago!” Neville said. He was utterly bemused.

 

“No, you were breaking up with her because she had commitment issues. She now doesn’t have commitment issues, so she wants a ring instead of a break-up, okay? It’s really not that hard to follow,” Daphne remarked.

 

“You are such a bitch when you’re in a bad mood,” Neville said with a shake of his head, “I honestly don’t know how Harry puts up with you.”

 

“Well now he isn’t,” Daphne said irritably, “And we were talking about Lilly, not me. She misses you, Neville.”

 

“Yeah, I miss her too,” Neville admitted, “I live for the weekends when she comes back.”

 

“So buy a ring, propose to her and bring her home,” Daphne said simply.

 

Neville frowned, “What do you mean?”

 

Daphne looked at him in surprise, “Oh, I thought you both knew about the loophole?”

           

“What loophole?”

 

“With courses like this, there is a bit of leeway where serious relationships are concerned,” Daphne explained, “That was why Sadie was able to split her time between Egypt and Britain because she and Theo are married. Engagements work in the same way, had you two been engaged, she would probably have been allowed to work mostly in Britain at the Auror training complex, but go to France every so often for key training.”

 

“Does Lilly know that?” Neville asked.

 

“I don’t know, if she does, she hasn’t mentioned it to me, which implies that she doesn’t,” Daphne replied, “I thought it was common knowledge, sorry.”

 

Neville just shook his head, and at that point, Lilly walked back into the room levitating Harry’s pensieve and holding a silver memory in a phial, “Here’s how we’re going to get around this one. You are going to watch Harry’s memory.”

 

“Don’t memories have to be given?” Neville frowned.

 

“Not if the person is unconscious and you’re getting pretty good at Legilimency,” Lilly said with a sly smile. She poured the memory into the pensieve and said, “Watch that from Harry’s perspective.”

 

Daphne put her head into the pensieve, and Lilly looked over at Neville, “Did she freak you out, talking about engagements?”

 

“No, it’s what I want,” Neville said as he met her eye, “It’s what I’ve always wanted.”

 

Lilly smiled slightly, “It’s what I want too. I’m sorry it took me a little longer to realise.”

 

“We’ll do it in our time though, okay?” Neville said tentatively, “When it’s right for us.”

 

Lilly nodded, “Yeah, let’s be honest, Nev. Neither of us is the sort to jump on the bandwagon, are we?”

 

Neville laughed and said, “No, we aren’t.”

 

Then Daphne re-emerged from the pensieve and cursed, “Fuck!”

 

“See?”

 

“Yes,” Daphne said sheepishly, “That looked exactly like what he thought it looked like.”

 

“Great,” Neville said guiltily, “I’m going to have to prepare a good apology for tomorrow morning…”

 

“You and me both,” Daphne admitted.

 

At that point, the floo whirred to life, “Floo signature: Theodore Nott.”

 

“I told him to bring Draco,” Neville muttered irritably while Daphne granted Theo access.

 

Theo stepped in and brushed himself down.

 

“Where’s your boyfriend?” Lilly asked calmly.

 

“Yeah, …he’s not going to be much use tonight because he’s sort of tied up right now…”

 

Theo let himself into number 12 then ran up the stairs, “Draco! Draco!”

 

There was no response, “Draco, Nev found Harry!”

 

When there was still no response, Theo rolled his eyes and opened the bedroom door, “Draco. We need to go and – holy shit.”

 

“Theo!” Hermione shrieked.

 

Draco groaned, “Theo, get out.”

 

Theo raised an eyebrow at them as he took in the scene before him. Draco’s hands were tied to the bedposts with an old Slytherin and an old Gryffindor tie. Hermione was straddling him, wearing a scarlet red corset and her cheeks were currently about the same colour.

 

“Taking the whole Gryffindor princess thing a bit too far, aren’t we guys?” Theo smirked.

 

“Theo, get out,” Hermione muttered as she grabbed the duvet.

 

“No point covering up, I’ve seen it all before,” Theo said with a wicked grin, “I just never realised how kinky you were.”

 

“Theo, fuck off,” Draco pleaded.

 

“Sure, I have a thing to do anyway,” Theo snorted.

 

“If you need me, I can use wandless magic and-”

 

“Nah, you have fun, I’ll be fine without you,” Theo said as he grabbed the door handle, “Lock the door next time though, yeah?”

 

“How about you learn to knock?” Hermione countered, chucking a cushion at his retreating back for good measure.

 

“Ugh,” Neville groaned, “Way too much information, Theo. Come on; we need to scare the living daylights out of Harry to make sure he never touches a bottle of Ogden's again. Are you going to be here when I’m done, Lil?”

 

Lilly shook her head, “As much as I would love to stay, I do need to get back. I’m probably in enough trouble already for sneaking out.”

 

“Well, I appreciate you doing it,” Daphne said. She walked around the table, hugged Lilly then kissed her on the cheek, “Thanks, Lil.”

 

Lilly smiled, “Anytime,” she promised as she turned to Neville and pushed herself onto her tiptoes. He dipped his head down and kissed her lightly, “Send me a message, so I know you got back safely, baby,” he murmured against her lips.

 

“Of course,” Lilly replied, she kissed him again for good measure, “I love you.”

 

“I love you too,” Neville replied with a smile.

 

When Lilly turned to leave, Daphne asked, “Neville, what are you going to do to Harry?”

 

“Nothing irreparable,” Neville replied honestly as he and Theo swept out towards the summer house.

 

 

When Harry opened his eyes, he felt awful. He had no idea where he was, but the room was pitch-black, and he could hear the distant sound of animals hooting and howling outside.

 

All of a sudden, a bright spotlight shone on him, and he groaned and shut his eyes tightly.

 

“This has got to stop.”

 

Harry blinked through the nausea and opened his eyes, “Nev?”

 

Neville stood above him, as did Theo. They both had their arms crossed over their chests.

 

“Do you want to throw your life away?” Neville asked, “Is that what you’re doing right now, self-destructing?”

 

“She-”

 

“She didn’t cheat on you, but yes, I understand that it looked that way,” Neville said calmly, “However, you are an adult now Harry. You don’t get mad, storm out and get drunk. You sit down, have a cup of tea and talk about it like an adult.”

 

Harry looked down, guiltily.

 

“It’s not a game,” Theo said coolly, “You’re training to be an Auror, and you’re fucking good, Harry! Do you really want to chuck all of that away because you can’t control your temper and you turn to a bloody bottle?”

 

“I told you the last time,” Neville said dangerously, “I told you to turn to me. Yell at me, throw spells at me, cry on my shoulder. Do whatever the hell you need to do but don’t turn to alcohol because it just leaves you feeling emptier than you did before.”

 

Harry swallowed, “Nev, I’m sorry-”

 

“I’m sure you are,” Neville said coldly, “But sorry isn’t going to cut it this time.”

 

“Nev-”

 

“I mean it, Harry,” Neville snapped, “There’s only one way you can make this right and gain my respect again and do you know what that is?”

 

“Stop drinking,” Harry muttered, he felt like an insolent child.

 

“Stop drinking, and face your problems like a grown-up,” Neville agreed, “Because if you don’t, you're going to keep hurting Daphne and do you know what Theo’s going to do to you if that happens?”

 

Harry looked at Theo warily.

 

“Worse than what I did to Fawley,” Theo said darkly, “Because he was just a dick, but she loves you, and you are capable of hurting her so much more because of that.”

 

“I didn’t mean to hurt her. I just..I thought she had finally realised what everyone else has,” Harry said quietly, “That she’s too good for me.”

 

“Grow up,” Theo said, “She loves you. What does it matter that shes supermodel hot and your average? She loves you for your little quirks, not for your money or your name or your seat on the Wizengamot. I mean, I don’t know if you know how rare that kind of love is from a girl like Daphne, but it’s pretty fucking rare, Harry and it’s unconditional.”

 

Harry looked down, guiltily, “I fucked up.”

 

“Yeah, you did,” Neville agreed, “And do you know what we need to do now?”

 

Harry looked between them, cautiously, “No…?”

 

“We need to give you this potion which is going to make you throw up for half an hour straight,” Neville said as he held up a foul-looking purple potion in a phial, “That’s because you need to get all of the alcohol out of your system before you go into the fucking training centre in six hours.”

 

“Then we need to modify your memories so that if the Aurors go looking, or if the Mental Health Healer you see on Wednesday goes looking, she won’t find out that you’re an alcoholic,” Theo said irritably, “Because what’s going to happen if they find out, Nev?”

 

“They are going to kick him out, and the ministry will lose one of the best Aurors they could have,” Neville said, glaring at Harry for good measure.

 

Harry nodded, “I get it, guys, but my occlumency is good enough that I can keep them out.”

 

“And can we rely on that, Harry?” Theo asked.

 

“Yeah, can we?” Neville asked coldly, “Because right now, I don’t think I can even rely on you to have my back in the field.”

 

Harry’s eyes widened, “You mean…”

 

“Yeah, I mean I don’t think I could rely on you as my Auror partner right now, Harry,” Neville said bluntly.

 

“Neville,” Harry said, a little tearfully, “No, I’ll always have your back, always, you know that.”

 

“Not right now I don’t,” Neville snapped, “Because you know what else we need to do tonight? We need to reverse any liver damage that you have caused yourself before your monthly physical, and I don’t think you have any idea how painful that’s going to be.”

 

Harry swallowed hard.

 

“Is this how you wanted to spend your night, Theo?” Neville asked his friend.

 

“Nah, making my mate scream in pain and watching him spew his guts up wasn’t high on my list of priorities, to be honest with you,” Theo replied.

 

“Nor mine,” Neville said. With a click of his fingers he untied Harry’s hand and handed him the purple potion, “But because Harry lost his shit and relapsed, that’s what we’re going to have to do.”

 

“I’m sorry guys,” Harry said, and it was a genuine apology.

 

“Not as sorry as you will be in the morning,” Neville said darkly, “Drink the potion.”

 

 

When Daphne woke up the following morning, there was a note on the table in Harry’s handwriting that simply said.

 

“Need to work through some stuff. I’ll go to Neville’s after training tonight – Harry.”

 

This rubbed her up the wrong way, “Work through some stuff?” She muttered under her breath as she put Teddy in his high chair, “No, Harry, you don’t get to work through some stuff.”

 

She opened a drawer and pulled out an ornate mirror, “Ostendo Sadie mihi.”

 

The reflective surface glimmered, and Sadie’s face appeared, “Morning,” she yawned.

 

“Sorry honey, did I wake you up?” Daphne asked.

 

“Yes, but that’s probably a good thing. I’d sleep all day given half a chance.”

 

“Well the Healers did say that bedrest was good for you,” Daphne pointed out.

 

Sadie rolled her eyes, “It’s also boring. What’s up anyway?”

 

“I’m just trying to be a grown-up and talk about my problems before I go and make a scene,” Daphne remarked as she handed Teddy a banana, “Say hi to Auntie Sadie, Ted.”

 

“Nana, nana, BANANA!”

 

Sadie laughed, “You enjoy that banana, baby. Now Daph, you were saying?”

 

“It has been a dramatic 24 hours, during which, Lilly somewhat illegally came over from France to knock some sense into me, and Neville and Theo may have tortured my fiancé from the sounds that came from the grounds last night.”

 

“Okay, you’re going to have to elaborate on that,” Sadie said. She clicked her fingers and said, “Deeley, would you mind bringing me some tea and toast?”

 

“Yes, mistress Sadie.”

 

Daphne sat down with her coffee in one hand and the mirror in the other, “I was in Shetland with Bill for work. It was meant to be an overnight case; he came into my room to talk to me; I was dressed for bed. He sat down on my bed; we had a heart to heart, and Harry dropped in via floo. It looked bad, he and I fought, he got drunk, then Neville and Theo took him to the summerhouse to knock some sense into him.”

 

“So that’s why Theo never came to bed last night,” Sadie realised.

 

“Yeah, where did you think he was?” Daphne snorted.

 

“Oh, he was next door when I went to bed, I just figured he’d stayed there,” Sadie said offhandedly, “But he was torturing Harry instead, apparently.”

 

“I think they were probably reversing any damage to his liver. From what Lilly tells me, that would hurt like hell,” Daphne remarked.

 

“Speaking of Lilly, how did she knock sense into you exactly?”

 

“She kind of called me a slut,” Daphne said with a frown, “Do you think I’m a slut?”

 

“No, but I do think you’re a flirt,” Sadie pointed out.

 

“Yeah…that’s pretty much what Lil said,” Daphne admitted, “And she has a point. She stole Harry’s memory and showed me what happened from his point of view, and it did look like I was cheating on him. The thing I’m pissed off about is the fact he thinks I’m capable of that, you know?”

 

“Yeah, I don’t blame you for that, he should trust you,” Sadie said, “A relationship is built on mutual trust.”

 

“Do you trust Theo these days?” Daphne asked her friend.

 

“Completely,” Sadie replied, “Otherwise I wouldn’t let him spend most of his nights next door. I know he’s just sitting up talking with Draco or researching something with Hermione in the library, but if I didn’t trust him, I’d start thinking he was sleeping with one of them or both of them.”

 

“No, he only does that when you’re around,” Daphne teased, “Good thing you got pregnant on your honeymoon or it would be a lottery as to whether it came out blonde or brunette.”

 

Sadie snorted, “Shut up, I’ve never had sex with Draco, and you know it.”

 

“I know, but it’s so easy to wind you up,” Daphne said with a smile, “You look good today, you know? There’s colour in your cheeks again.”

 

“I’m starting to feel a lot better,” Sadie admitted, “I just wish the sickness would go away.”

 

“I’m sure it will,” Daphne said, “And do you know the other thing I’m annoyed about? This note he left me this morning. He says he has to work through some stuff so he’ll be at Neville’s place but how does he get to run away and work through stuff while I stay at home and look after Teddy? This whole week is a trial of how he’s going to fit into our lives, and like hell would I let Harry away with that in real life.”

 

“So don’t then,” Sadie said, “March over and tell him to get his priorities right and his arse home tonight if he wants to keep his bollocks intact.”

 

Daphne grinned, “Oh, I love you, Sade. Don’t get me wrong, Lil and I get on great, but you’re just so brutal, and I love it. You’re right. I’ll march over there right now.”

 

“I just meant go to Longbottom House tonight,” Sadie cut in, “I didn’t mean go to his work and make a scene.”

 

“Would I?” Daphne asked slyly.

 

“Yes, you would,” Sadie replied, an amused smile playing on her lips, “You’re a drama queen.”

 

Daphne just grinned, “Excuse me, Sadie, I have to go make a scene. Love you. Bye!”

 

“Love you too, bye,” Sadie said in a long-suffering tone as Daphne said, “Terminus.”

 

Sadie disappeared, and the mirror became reflective once more. Daphne checked herself out then turned to Teddy.

 

“Eat up, baby. Once you’ve had your breakfast, you're going to Grandma’s house so that I can go and yell at Daddy!”

 

Teddy giggled, and Daphne grinned, “Good to know you’re on my side, little man,” she said, ruffling his hair as she put on her heels.

 

 

“I feel like death.”

 

“Don’t say that we didn’t warn you,” Neville muttered while Theo yawned.

 

“I’m sorry for being a dick,” Harry said miserably as they reached the locker room and started to change for outdoor practice.

 

“I think you suffered enough,” Theo said in an undertone.

 

“Yeah, I have no wish to do that again,” Harry admitted with a grimace, “It hurt so much. It was worse than the cruciatus curse.”

 

“Well, it would do,” Neville muttered, “Regrowing cells anywhere in your body hurts, but on a sensitive organ like a liver…”

 

“Just remember that pain the next time you think about being a stupid twat,” Theo said bluntly.

 

“What are you lot talking about?” Draco asked as he stepped into the room, “And why do you all look like shit?”

 

“Maybe because we were up all night sorting that idiot out while you were ‘tied up’, Draco,” Theo remarked irritably.

 

“I did tell you that if you needed me, I’d use wandless magic to get out of it,” Draco muttered.

 

Harry snorted.

 

“Well, we didn’t need you,” Theo said, “We managed just fine without you.”

 

“Are you actually pissed off with me, right now?”

 

“Yeah, you were a fat lot of good last night, you arse.”

 

Harry shot Neville an amused look as they began to bicker, “Why was Draco tied up?”

 

“He was literally tied to the bed. Theo walked in on him and Hermione,” Neville replied in an undertone.

 

“That is more than I ever wanted to know about their sex life,” Harry said distastefully.

 

Neville snorted, “Girls, break it up.”

 

Draco and Theo both glared at him, and Neville looked at Harry knowingly as he waited for the inevitably, “Shut up, Fatbottom.”

 

“Mature guys,” Harry said with a yawn.

 

“You don’t get to call anyone else immature, not after last night,” Neville warned his best friend.

 

“Yeah…fair point.”

 

“Are you alright?” Draco asked, and he did look like he genuinely felt bad.

 

“I’m in agony, but I’ll be fine,” Harry said. He looked over at Neville, “I’ve got Nev to keep me on the straight and narrow.”

 

“And Daphne, if she forgives you for that stupid note you left,” Neville reminded him.

 

“I just need to get my head straight before I talk to her, or we’ll end up arguing again,” Harry admitted.

 

“Don’t spend too long getting your head straight or you won’t have anything to go back to,” Neville told Harry quietly, “Trust me on that one.”

 

Harry nodded, and he was glad that they had reached the pitch because it meant he could avoid the subject for a bit.

 

“Alright guys, grab your brooms and get in the air! We’re doing time trials today!”

 

They all did so, and Harry knew he should have been the fastest in such a challenge, but he was so exhausted. Draco beat him at every single checkpoint which would probably bump him and Theo up on the board so that they overtook Harry and Neville’s scores from last week.

 

Around halfway through the practice, an unexpected visitor stalked onto the pitch in black slim-fitting trousers, a low-cut white blouse and 5-inch high heeled boots.

 

“Oh shit,” Theo whispered to Draco.

 

Draco looked down at Daphne, who had her hair in a bun, her face made up and her signature rouge lipstick on.

 

“Harry is in for a world of pain,” Draco whispered back.

 

Harry and Neville were currently setting another lap, so they hadn’t spotted the new arrival yet.

 

“Harry James Potter, get your arse down here now if you want to live long enough to become a fully qualified Auror!”

 

Sheppard raised an eyebrow at her, “And you are?”

 

Theo grinned from his broom, “Daphne Greengras!” he bellowed, “The myth, the legend, the baddest bitch of all!”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes and threw a curse at Theo wandlessly, and silently. Theo yelped and grabbed Draco as his broom tried to buck him off.

 

Sheppard laughed, “You’ve got the reflexes of an Auror.”

 

Daphne smiled slyly, “I think I’ll stick with curse breaking, I’ve been told that I don’t play well with others.”

 

“I’d get down here if I were you, Potter!” Sheppard yelled with an amused smile.

 

“Oh shit,” Harry muttered. He flew down and dismounted his broom, “What are you doing here?”

 

“What am I doing here?” Daphne asked, “I’m here because you need to grow up and learn to trust me. I’m also here because the whole point of this ‘trial’ week before the adoption is to see how Teddy will fit into our lives and you are delusional if you think I’m going to say yes Harry, go to Neville’s place and work out your shit. No, Harry, you don’t get to go to Neville’s place to ‘get your head straight’, you come home, and I help you get your head straight. You aren’t an irresponsible teenager anymore, you’re already that little boy's Dad, and unless you screw it up, you will legally be his Dad very soon. So, swallow your pride and come home tonight, or there will be no adoption, no wedding, nothing. Do you understand me?”

 

Harry just stared at her.

 

She raised her eyebrows, “I’m sorry, was I not clear enough?”

 

“No,” Harry said. He cleared his throat, “I’m sorry. I’ll be home tonight.”

 

“Good,” Daphne said simply. She turned around and said, “Pleasure meeting your Auror Sheppard.”

 

All the other trainees were floating nearby to listen in so Daphne looked up, “Bye Theo, bye Draco. Neville, make sure he’s home before 5.30 pm tonight, or I swear, I will curse you both.”

 

Neville bit back an amused smile, “I will. Bye, Daph.”

 

Daphne waved and left the pitch without another word. Sheppard laughed and smacked Harry on the back, “You’ve got a real firecracker there, Potter.”

 

“Don’t I fucking know it,” Harry muttered as he tried to control the redness in his cheeks.

 

“Back to work, guys!” Sheppard said as he turned back to the pitch, “We’ve had our dose of entertainment at Potter’s expense, come on, back to it!”

 

* ~ TBC ~ *


By the time Daphne got to work, Bill was already there.

 

“You’re late.”

 

“My fiancé relapsed last night and had to get the damage to his liver reversed so that the Healers wouldn’t find out that he’s a recovering alcoholic,” Daphne remarked dryly, “Which meant he screamed for hours on end which kept my toddler and me awake all night.”

 

Bill nodded, “Okay-”

 

“Then he left me a bullshit note saying he was going to Neville’s to work things out, leaving me to look after Teddy,” Daphne continued irritably, “So naturally, I stormed into his place of work and gave him an ultimatum.”

 

“Naturally,” Bill said with a smile, “I mean you’re you so of course, you had to cause a scene.”

 

Daphne smirked, “Sorry for not getting back to help with the mirror.”

 

Bill shook his head, “It’s fine. Did you get my message? I know I sent it early in the morning.”

 

Daphne nodded, “Was it really as simple as that?”

 

“Prank curse,” Bill said with an amused smile, “100 year old one, but a prank curse all the same. It was probably put on the mirror for a Halloween party or something. Then the mirror was moved to storage, and nobody removed the curse.”

 

Daphne shook her head in disbelief, “So what did it do? Make you think your own reflection was killing you then let you go?”

 

Bill nodded again, “Hence why there were no reported deaths. The whole thing is just a trick; I could have taken it off in less than 5 minutes, but as soon as Marianne found out that it wasn’t dangerous, she wouldn’t let me.”

 

“She is very territorial about that mirror,” Daphne said with a slight smile.

 

Bill nodded, “But no harm done, eh?”

 

Daphne sat on the edge of her desk, “Look about that…my new best friend and my old best friend might have both pointed out to me that I’m a very flirty person so if anything I did or said last night was misleading-”

 

“Oh no, no,” Bill said with a shake of his head, “You are a very flirty person, but I’ve never thought that was intentional. You're with Harry, and you love Harry, that much is clear to anyone who spends five minutes in a room with you.”

 

“Well, that’s not apparent to Harry,” Daphne remarked.

 

Bill frowned, “The thing is Daphne… I can kind of see how Harry might have misinterpreted what he saw last night as…that.”

 

“No, Bill, don’t take his side!” Daphne complained, “A good relationship is built on trust, and that goes both ways. I don’t think he’s going to jump into bed with every hot girl that he works with but every time I so much as smile at a good looking guy, he thinks I’m going to run off and leave him. When is he going to get it into his thick head that it’s him I want?”

 

Bill smiled slightly, “Look, Daph… I can see this from his point of view. I have been Harry in this situation. I’ve been the less than whole, scarred and not that attractive guy in a relationship with this beautiful, radiant, part-Veela. I thought she could do better and I figured she did too, so I was paranoid that she was going to leave me for the next decent looking guy she met. But she was in love with me, despite the ginger hair, the scars, the wolfiness and all the other flaws. It took me a while to work through that one, and I never thought we would end up in a situation like we are now where no one is cheating, but the love has just dried up.”

 

Daphne scoffed, “I’m not Fleur, Bill. I’m hardly a beautiful, radiant, part-Veela.”

 

“You're not far off it, and you had better not tell Harry I said that. You’re of French descent, blonde hair, blue eyes, slim build, you probably do have some Veela blood somewhere in your family. Harry, on the other hand, views himself as shorter than average, scruffy, specky…can’t you see why he worries?”

 

Daphne sighed and sat down behind her desk. She let her head drop into her hands, “When you put it like that…I feel a bit like an idiot for storming the Auror base and giving him an ultimatum in front of all of his peers like a dumbass Gryffindor.”

 

Bill laughed, “You’re right, you know? Harry is starting to rub off on you. That is a very brash, Gryffindor thing to do.”

 

“I know,” Daphne groaned, “And the thing is, normally we would get past an argument like this by roaring at each other, possibly duelling, then having sex in whatever room of the house we happened to be in, but we can’t exactly do that with Teddy in the house.”

 

Bill sniggered in amusement, “See, I told you a kid was a big adjustment. It means that you two are going to have to settle this as adults, then have quiet make-up sex without waking up Teddy.”

 

Daphne raised an eyebrow at him, “You sound like you have experience with this.”

 

Bill’s eyes just sparkled with amusement as he threw her a brown folder, “Next case, read up because we leave in half an hour.”

 

 

“So I got the goss on your ex!”

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “Did I ask you to do any such thing, Susan?”

 

Susan grinned at her and dropped a brown bag on her desk, “No, but I figured you might want the inside scoop.”

 

Hermione peered inside the bag, “I’m more interested in these muffins than the inside scoop, but do tell me how you even found out in the first place.”

 

“Oh you know, Percy was in the hot seat for Assistant Minister for Magic before he had an existential crisis and became a bounty hunter,” Susan shrugged as she bit into a chocolate chip muffin, “So he hears things.”

 

“Why is everyone so excited about Viktor coming to work here anyway?” Hermione mused.

 

“Because he’s a hot, former Quidditch player,” Susan said, as if this were obvious, “Why are you the only person I’ve spoken to who isn’t bothered about it?”

 

“Because I’ve dated that hot, former Quidditch player and I can tell you that yes, he has a lovely accent and he's a pretty switched on guy, but he’s hardly Draco Malfoy,” Hermione reeled off.

 

“Well, as someone who does not find Draco Malfoy attractive in the slightest, no offence Hermione, that did not put me off. Him leaving me high and dry after Harry’s new year party though, that did put me off,” Susan joked, “Although, don’t tell Percy I said that.”

 

“I won’t,” Hermione chuckled, “So what department is he going to be working in anyway? The Department of Magical Sports and Games I assume?”

 

Susan swallowed her mouthful and nodded, “Uh-huh, he’s the new Assistant Head as of tomorrow.”

                                                                                                                                    

Hermione smiled, “Well, good for him. It’s a shame he had to retire so early due to that injury.”

 

“I didn’t quite get that myself, to be honest, most people just see healers and get on with it,” Susan mused.

 

“It was a bad injury; he practically turned his kneecap inside out because of the way he twisted when he fell off the broom. Then when he landed on it, it shattered it. Even after all of the follow-up appointments, he still has a lot of pain, and he was told that he might never walk again if he continues to push it by playing Quidditch professionally,” Hermione informed her.

 

Susan looked at her in disbelief.

 

“What?”

 

“Hermione Granger, you are still in contact with him!” Susan realised.

 

Hermione rolled her eyes, “I write to him occasionally, and no Draco does not know about it because you know how he is.”

 

“You still write to your ex?”

 

“He was hardly my ex,” Hermione said, she gave Susan a pointed look, “Do you call every guy who tried something on with you behind the greenhouse your ex?”

 

“Implying he tried something on with you behind the greenhouse,” Susan grinned.

 

“In the restricted section actually, and I made it very clear that whatever he wanted wasn’t going to happen. He was okay about it, so we agreed just to stay friends, and we have been that ever since, just friends,” Hermione said clearly.

 

“I get the hint, but I’m still reeling from that information,” Susan joked, she shot Hermione a smirk, “See you around.”

 

“See you, Susan,” Hermione said with a shake of her head, she could never quite tell whether Susan amused or exasperated her.

 

 

Daphne got home first that night. She picked Teddy up from Andromeda’s and took him home; then she made macaroni cheese for dinner. She was watching the clock and preparing to serve food when Harry walked in at 5.28 pm.

 

“Where’s my favourite little man?”

 

Teddy grinned and waddled into the entrance hall to hug Harry. Daphne kept her back to him as she plated up food and put it on the table, she knew she would have to face him when they sat down, but nothing could be said in front of Teddy.

 

Harry popped Teddy in his high chair then sat down in his usual seat. He looked over at Daphne, but she refused to make eye contact and stabbed her pasta rather aggressively.

 

“How was Teddy’s day?” Harry asked awkwardly.

 

“Good, he hasn’t had a nap today, so I think it will be dinner, bath, story then bed tonight,” Daphne said without looking up, “He painted and had a woodland walk with Narcissa today, so I hear.”

 

“That sounds nice,” Harry said, “What did you see in the woods, Ted?”

 

“Bears!”

 

Harry laughed, “Bears! We don’t have bears in the UK little man. Did you see any foxes?”

 

“No, bears!”

 

“What about squirrels?”

 

“No, bears!”

 

“Alright,” Harry chuckled, “Bears, it is.”

 

He glanced over at Daphne, but she hadn’t even cracked a smile. His heart sank, he really was in deep shit this time. They ate in relative silence; the only topic of conversation was Teddy.

 

After dinner, Harry offered to wash up, so Daphne took Teddy upstairs, bathed him, read him his favourite story and put him to bed. When she emerged at the foot of the stairs, Harry was waiting for her.

 

“How was your day?” He asked tentatively.

 

“Great,” Daphne replied in an overly cheerful manner, “I fucked Bill in three store cupboards.”

 

“Daphne, don’t be like that-”

 

“Like what? Like the person who always gets accused of cheating? I don’t accuse you of sleeping with every fangirl that comes up to you,” Daphne hissed, venom dripped from her voice as she spun and walked towards the kitchen.

 

“Where are you going?”

 

“Where Teddy can’t hear us arguing,” Daphne snapped.

 

Harry followed her into the kitchen and shut the door behind him, “I’m sorry that I misinterpreted what I saw, but it looked like-”

 

“- I know what it looked like Harry!” Daphne said irritably as she opened the door to the basement.

 

He followed her down, dreading whatever she was planning on doing to him if she was taking him to the bowels of the house.

 

“You shouldn’t have flown off the handle because you should trust me,” Daphne said. She turned on her heel and glared at him.

 

Harry shut the basement door behind him, “I do trust you-”

 

“You don’t,” Daphne cut in, “Because if you trust me, you wouldn’t assume that I’m shagging every decent looking guy who glances my way.

 

“Honestly Daphne. Look at you and me. Can you blame me?”

 

“Yes, I can!” Daphne snapped, “You can’t not trust me for the rest of our lives because you’re hung up on the fact that I’m a little bit better looking than you.”

 

“A little bit better looking? You’re absolutely stunning! Every time we walk into a room, every guy looks at you, and I’m just me. Yeah, I’m a powerful wizard, but I’m not a bloody heartthrob like Neville, am I?”

 

“Well, I’m sorry, but Neville’s not you,” Daphne snapped, “Nobody is you, and if you’re going to be such a fucking arsehole about this whole thing, I think we need to duel to settle it.”

 

“What?” Harry asked cluelessly.

 

“You heard me,” Daphne challenged him, “Let’s duel, and if I win, you actually have some fucking respect for me! And you admit that it’s you I want and nobody else. You stop being insecure and you stop thinking I’m going to run off with another guy. Okay?”

 

“I’m not going to duel you, Daphne,” Harry said in a long-suffering tone.

 

“Why? Do you not even think I can defend myself?” Daphne countered.

 

“Well, no,” Harry admitted, “I know you can defend yourself, but I don’t want to duel you, Daph.”

 

“Right now, Harry Potter, I don’t give a fuck what you want,” Daphne said irritably, “You are duelling me.”

 

“Daph, no, I’m not.”

 

Daphne rolled her eyes and fired a stinging hex at him, “Come on then, fight back.”

 

“No, you’re being ridiculous,” Harry said. He threw up a lazy shield charm.

 

“No, I’m not,” Daphne argued. She threw some curses at him that could strike through a shield charm, but he just ducked to avoid them.

 

“Fight back, you coward!”

 

“Expelliarmus,” Harry said half-heartedly.

 

“Confringo!”

 

Harry shielded the explosion and contained it in a magical bubble, “Daphne! We’re in the fucking basement! Do you want to damage the foundations of the house?”

 

“I told you to fight back!” Daphne hissed, “And this room is magical, it’s a duelling room, nothing we do in here can bring the bloody house down!”

 

Harry sighed, “Levicorpus!”

 

Daphne shielded the curse and threw back, “Ventus!”

 

A strong wind whipped up and threw Harry back into the wall, but he knew what was coming, so he placed a cushioning charm on the wall before he hit it.

 

“Right,” Harry snapped, “You want a duel? That’s fine, but I’m not going easy on you. I’ll duel you the same way I’d duel anyone else.”

 

“Fine,” Daphne said coolly, “Bring it on, Potter.”

 

“Avis!” Harry said. The moment the birds were conjured, Daphne put up a shield charm “Oppugno!”

 

The birds splattered into the shield, and Harry made a face, “Good to see that you care about nature, Greengrass.”

 

“They are conjured animals,” Daphne said with an eye-roll, “They aren’t real,” she added as she threw an entrail expelling curse at Harry.

 

He ducked to avoid it and yelled, “Really? That’s the best you can do? Bombarda!”

 

He aimed the curse off to one side, and she was about to yell at him for going easy on her when he shouted, “Alarte Ascendare!”

 

The spell hit Daphne and sent her flying into the air. She hovered just below the roof then the spell dropped her, and Harry thought about putting a cushioning charm on the ground but then decided she would tell him off if he did.

 

When she landed on all fours like a cat, she stood up and smirked at him. Harry just raised an eyebrow at her and cast a precautionary, “Protego!”

 

“Diffindo!”

 

Daphne shielded the charm and cast, “Incendio!”

 

Harry shook his head and said, “Glacius!” which conjured a wall of ice in front of him.

 

“Stop stealing my spell, Potter!”

 

“It’s not your personal spell, Greengrass,” Harry scoffed, “And at least I can use it properly.”

 

Daphne smirked and yelled, “Glacius!” which turned the floor beneath his feet to ice.

 

Harry started slipping but tried to catch himself. Daphne called, “Training for the ballet, Potter?”

 

“Not a turn on when you quote Malfoy at me,” Harry shot back.

 

Before he could reverse the spell, Daphne used the slippery floor to her advantage and conjured a hedgehog, then slid it across the floor.

 

It hit Harry and spikes flew everywhere.

 

“What…the…fuck!” Harry yelled.

 

“Saw Theo do it to Draco one time, and I thought it was pretty nifty,” Daphne remarked with a sly grin.

 

Harry muttered a quick healing charm and cast, “Aguamenti!” straight at Daphne which soaked her to the skin. Her white blouse went see-through, and she laughed, “What are you trying to do, distract yourself?”

 

“Well, it is a nice view,” Harry remarked, “But not as nice as you lying on your back with your wand my hand because I’ve defeated you.”

 

Daphne smirked, “Normally it’s your wand in my hand because I’ve defeated you,” she quipped.

 

At that point, they both cast a spell at the same time. Harry’s “Expelliarmus” rushed past the beam of red light that had come from Daphne’s wand. It hit her, and her wand flew out of her hand, just as Daphne’s curse hit Harry in the shoulder.

 

He grimaced and looked down at the arrow in his shoulder blade, “Wand arrows? You have been spending too much time with Lilly.”

 

Daphne smirked and crossed the room. She yanked the arrow out, and Harry hissed in pain. Then she placed her hand on his chest and murmured a healing spell.

 

“Well fought, Greengrass,” Harry said with a playful smile, “I have so much respect for you, are you happy now?”

 

“Is that an apology, Potter?” Daphne quipped.

 

Harry caught her eye and said, “Yeah, it is.”

 

“Good,” Daphne remarked, “Because as hard as it may be for you to believe. I like you just the way you are, messy hair, dodgy glasses and all. And do you know something else? For some women, powerful magic is a turn on.”

 

“But-”

 

“Goddamn it, no buts!” Daphne snapped, she grabbed him and pulled him towards her.

 

Harry knew how they tended to sort out arguments, so he just rolled with it and kissed her back. He took a step, pressing her back against the wall then he lifted her and she wrapped her legs tightly around him.

 

“I’m sorry,” He murmured in-between frantic kisses.

 

“So you should be,” Daphne said breathily when she drew back from the kiss, “I don’t care if people look at us and wonder why I’m with you, I know why I’m with you. I know that I’m with you because you’re the most generous person I’ve ever met. I know I love you because of how selfless and loving you are.”

 

Harry wasn’t sure how to respond to that, so he just kissed her again. This time she went for the buttons on his shirt and started to unbutton them. Harry’s breath caught, “Daph, Teddy’s upstairs.”

 

Daphne smirked, “Then I guess we’ll just have to be quieter than normal.”

 

With that, all thought of further discussion left Harry. Instead, he focused on his fiancé's attempt to strip him as quickly as possible.

 

Once Daphne had removed Harry’s shirt and the t-shirt he had on underneath it, she started to kiss all of his scars while gently running her nails over his chest, making him groan as she did so.

 

Harry withstood this torture for as long as he could before he pulled her face back up to his and kissed her once more. He then grabbed the bottom of Daphne's blouse and pulled it over her head, leaving her in just her lacy white bra. Harry then stood up and pulled his fiancé to her feet before lifting her and pressing her up against a wall as she wrapped her legs around his waist.

 

Daphne kissed Harry with everything she had, trying to make him physically feel how much she loved him and how much she needed him. She moaned loudly as her back scraped against the wall. Harry kissed her neck and grasped her breast with his right hand then he unclasped her bra with his left hand and moved his mouth down and started to circle her nipple with his tongue, making Daphne moan once more and run her hands through Harry’s messy hair. She used his hair to pull his head back up from her chest and whispered, “Enough foreplay, Harry, I need you now.”

 

Harry was not going to contradict his soon-to-be wife and put her down only to spin her around and pull her skinny jeans down to her knees. He pulled his jeans down, and quickly cast the protective charm then thrust himself into Daphne hard. Harry held onto her hips and groaned as he drove into her from behind.

 

Daphne, in turn, was moaned loudly as Harry continued to thrust into her, making her nipples rub up against the cold brickwork that he was fucking her against.

 

“Fuck, Harry,” Daphne gasped against him, “That duel riled you up, didn’t it?”

 

“Can you tell?” Harry murmured, his lips against her neck. She shivered, and he chuckled under his breath in response.

 

Harry, smirked and pulled out of his fiancé, to noises of displeasure and irritation. He pulled her over to the duelling platform and banished the remnants of their clothes.

 

Daphne then grinned slyly and pushed him onto the duelling platform, moving to straddle him before he could ask what she was doing. She wasted no time at all in sinking down on Harry, moaning in satisfaction as she did.

 

The two of them then moved as one for the next few minutes, and the basement was filled with the sound of moans, groans and panting as they got closer and closer to their end. Harry sat up and pulled her close to him as she sank down for a final time. They both came undone together. Harry gasped her name like it was a mantra, and all of a sudden, there was an explosion of golden light. Daphne shut her eyes tightly and had the best orgasm of her life; it was like she could feel Harry in more than just a physical sense, it was like they were connected mentally and could feel each other's orgasms as well as their own.

 

When the light faded away, Daphne opened her eyes and murmured, “How do we keep doing that?”

 

“Because we’re both really magically powerful and that was intense?” Harry countered.

 

Daphne laughed as he kissed her on the forehead.

 

“Sorry for goading you into a duel,” Daphne said with a playful smile.

 

“If that’s the end result,  you can goad me into duels whenever you want,” Harry shot back.

 

 

Hermione had all but forgotten about the fact Viktor Krum was joining the ministry until she almost barrelled into him head-on.

 

“Hermione!”

 

Hermione had been rushing for the lift because, unusually for her, she was running a little late. She looked up and saw him smiling at her; he held the door and motioned for her to enter.

 

Hermione stepped into the lift and smiled, “Viktor! Congratulations on the new job.”

 

Viktor smiled back, “Thank you. I am very excited; I have been practising my English lots.”

 

“I can tell,” Hermione said, “You said my name right.”

 

Viktor laughed, “I am sorry about that; you were the first person to attempt to teach me English.”

 

“It’s alright,” Hermione chuckled, “What brings you over here for the new job?”

 

“Oh you know,” Viktor said with a wave of his hand, “I fell in love with lots of things about this place when I visited for the tournament and when I came back during the war. This ministry is beautiful, we have nothing like this at home, and the job is all I can imagine myself doing apart from playing Quidditch.”

 

“That’s understandable,” Hermione mused, “Its such a shame that an injury like that forced you to retire so young.”

 

Viktor shrugged, “Ah these things, they happen. They come to test us, yes?”

 

“Yes,” Hermione agreed, she reached past the only other people in the lift, a couple of greying gentlemen, and pressed the button.

 

The lift came to a stop, and the doors opened. Hermione smiled at him, “This is your floor. Your new office is just along the corridor.”

 

Viktor beamed at her, “Thank you, Hermione. I am glad to be having you around.”

 

Hermione chuckled as he exited the lift. So his English had improved significantly, but he wasn’t quite there yet. She rode the rest of the way to her department silently then dashed along the corridor to the office she was sharing with Rachel.

 

“Late.”

 

“By one minute!” Hermione exclaimed.

 

“You really think I’m gonna log it?” Rachel asked. She raised an eyebrow, “I’m messing with you. But seriously, you’re never late.”

 

“Well Octavia threw up a hairball on my shoes, literally as I was going out the front door,” Hermione said with a roll of her eyes, “Then I bumped into Viktor in the lift.”

 

“Old flame Viktor?”

 

“Yes, Rachel,” Hermione said irritably, “Ancient, definitely extinguished flame.”

 

“Whatever you say!”

 

 

“Hey Sade, you here?”

 

“Of course I’m here, I’m bedbound. Where else would I be?”

 

Daphne bit back a chuckle as she darted up the stairs of number 11 Grimmauld place. The door to Sadie and Theo’s bedroom was ajar so she stepped in, “Hey, I thought you might need a friend right now, and I won’t lie, I need a rant.”

 

Sadie smiled weakly, “Shouldn’t you be at work?”

 

“I’m on my lunch break, and it’s a slow day, so there’s no real hurry for me to get back,” Daphne admitted, “I brought food. I didn’t know if you would be hungry or not, but it’s just a cheese sandwich. I figured the blander, the better?”

 

Sadie’s smile reached her eyes this time, “Bland sounds great, I’m starving.”

 

Daphne handed her the sandwich, and Sadie said, “So…did you cause a scene?”

 

“Kind of.”

 

Sadie snorted, “What did you do?”

 

“Stormed onto the pitch at training and gave him an ultimatum to come home or there would be no wedding and no adoption of Teddy,” Daphne admitted sheepishly.

 

“Sounds like you,” Sadie said with an amused smile, “Did he come home?”

 

“He did…” Daphne answered.

 

“And have you made up?” Sadie prodded.

 

“Kind of…”

 

“Meaning you had hot make-up sex, so you’re not that angry anymore, but you’re still a bit miffed,” Sadie filled in.

 

“Pretty much,” Daphne said with a shrug, “Anyway, how are you?”

 

“Shit,” Sadie answered honestly, “You did things right, you know? Adopting a baby so you don’t have to deal with any of this pregnancy bullshit.”

 

Daphne chuckled, “Well we didn’t exactly plan it that way, but I guess I see your point. Are you still being sick all the time?”

 

“No, it’s getting better every day now. I’m down to four times a day,” Sadie said with a roll of her eyes.

 

“Yeah, being pregnant sounds awful. I came here to bitch about Harry, but I’d feel kind of bad doing for that now that I see how crap you feel,” Daphne admitted.

 

Sadie shook her head, “No, I’ve been stuck in this bed for far too long getting bored out of my damn mind, so please talk to me about anything. I want you to bitch about Harry.”

 

Daphne snorted in amusement, “I think Lilly had a point the other night to be fair. I do think I should have an overnight bag for work with frumpy pyjamas and a fluffy dressing gown like the ones Hermione wears.”

 

“Thank Merlin Hermione’s not here or she’d hit you for that,” Sadie chuckled, “But I do think that’s a good idea. Your bedtime clothes are a little…boudoir-esque?”

 

“Did you just call me a hooker?”

 

“What? No!”

 

“It really sounded like you did.”

 

“You are so defensive,” Sadie said. She crossed her arms over her chest, “It’s because you are attracted to Bill.”

 

“What? Where are you getting this from?” Daphne asked in disbelief, “Jeez Sadie, pregnancy hormones are driving you mad.”

 

“Oh no way, you do not get to blame hormones for this one,” Sadie said. She pushed herself up in bed, “You are being defensive because a part of you is attracted to Bill. The question is, is that part of you physical or mental?”

 

“Sadie! He’s my boss, and he’s a bloody Weasley. I do not want to sleep with him!”

 

“Mental then,” Sadie deduced, “I guess I can see that. You admire him; you want to be like him…I wouldn’t worry about it too much, it’s normal. A lot of people have these strange sorts of crushes on their bosses, and it’s just an admiration thing.”

 

“Since when were you a psychologist anyway?” Daphne muttered under her breath.

 

“I can just read you well Daph, you are one of my oldest friends,” Sadie pointed out with a smile.

 

Daphne frowned at her cardboard coffee mug, “The thing is, I should be over it now, you know? Normally the anger dissipates after the make-up sex, but I still feel like he doesn’t trust me.”

 

“He does,” Sadie assured her, “But he doesn’t have the most self-esteem. He thinks you’re too good for him and he worries that someday when you realise that, you’ll run off and leave him. It will take time for him to realise that what he worries about, won’t happen. Until then, give him a little bit of leeway.”

 

Daphne sighed, “Yeah, you’re right, Sadie. Sorry to bother you with all my drama.”

 

“Feel free to spend every lunch break unloading onto me, I’m so bored,” Sadie complained, “Theo works all day then talks about work all night, and I can only get out of this damn bed to shower or pee. Otherwise, I start throwing up.”

 

“When do the Healers think it will end?” Daphne asked.

 

“It's gotten a lot better over the last couple of weeks, so they think in another couple of weeks, I’ll be over it,” Sadie said, “I just hope they’re right.”

 

“I’m sure they are,” Daphne assured her, “They’re all really good at what they do.”

 

Sadie nodded, but the jovial air that she had had around her when she was teasing Daphne had gone. She seemed down, pale and ill-looking again. Daphne just prayed that the Healers were right because she didn’t know what damage a whole pregnancy of bedrest would do to Sadie’s mental health.

 

 * ~  TBC ~ *

 


Harry was expecting a berating on Wednesday afternoon, and he wasn’t disappointed. The minute Lilly reached himself and Neville in the hospital wing, she shot him an irritated look and said, “Hey babe.”

 

Neville smiled, “That’s a ‘hey babe, I love you and miss you, but I have to yell at your best friend’, isn’t it?”

 

“Yep,” Lilly said. She pulled a chair up and sat in front of them, “Give me your hand, Harry.”

 

Harry held out his hand, cautiously.

 

“Today's class is about mending broken bones,” Lilly said matter of factly, “Which is convenient because – muffliato – I can do this,” she snapped one of his fingers, and his cry of pain was muted by the spell, “-and get away with it.”

 

She murmured the counter curse to muffliato, and Harry glared at her, “Ouch.”

 

“Now I’m going to teach you how to heal it so don’t cry like a baby,” Lilly said, “Neville, copy my wand motion.”

 

Neville raised his wand and did so. Lilly looked at Harry, “We can’t talk about how stupid what you did was in public, but it was stupid, and if it wasn't for the fact Neville and Theo are very clever you would have gotten kicked out for it,” she said in an undertone, “But that’s not what I’m pissed off about. I’m pissed off that you jumped to conclusions before having a calm conversation with Daphne about it. You two might enjoy fighting then crashing together for angry, make-up sex now but you’ll have a kid soon, and you can’t do shit like that when you’ve got a kid so learn to communicate.”

 

“Neville – repeat after me.”

 

Neville did so, and Harry’s finger set itself.

 

“Any pain?” Lilly asked.

 

Harry shook his head, “Just a bit stiff.”

 

“I could fix that, but I’m not going to because I’m pissed off with you,” Lilly said as she rose to her feet, “Is my message understood?”

 

“Loud and clear,” Harry said, “You’re right, and I’m sorry for being such an idiot, Lil. Thanks for being there for Daphne while I was trying to ruin my life.”

 

“What are friends for?” Lilly shrugged, “You’ve got to see Lamb today, by the way.”

 

“Who?” Harry asked.

 

“The mental health Healer who does the rounds,” Lilly answered, “She needs to talk to you about the war, and you had better be entirely honest because she’ll use a low-level legilimency charm, so she will know if you are lying. She’ll be able to feel your emotions and see the memories at the forefront of your mind.”

 

Harry nodded, “Thanks for the heads up,” he said, “I have a present for you, from Daphne.”

 

Lilly frowned as Harry handed her a box. She opened it and said, “It’s a mirror?”

 

“It’s a two-way mirror,” Harry explained, “Daphne and Sadie have them, Tracey used to have one too. Daphne had three more made for you, Hermione and Susan. You can only talk to one person at a time, but they are brilliant because you can walk around the house talking rather than being stuck in the fireplace on the floo.”

 

“That was sweet of her,” Lilly said with a smile, “Do I just activate it by saying ‘show Daphne to me’ in Latin?”

 

Harry nodded, “Yep, and it’s ‘terminus’ to end the communication.”

 

“It’s a brilliant idea,” Lilly admitted.

 

“And you’ll be able to use it after lights out without getting caught,” Neville said.

 

“That’s what gave Daph the idea,” Harry admitted.

 

“So you two have made up then?” Lilly asked.

 

“She says we have, but things are still a bit icy,” Harry said with a shrug, “But we’ll be okay.”

 

Before Lilly could say anything more on the subject, Frasier called, “Potter! Can we have a word in private?”

 

Harry got to his feet and shot Neville and Lilly a nervous look, “Wish me luck.”

 

“Good luck mate,” Neville said, patting him on the back as he headed into the office with Frasier and a younger woman who they hadn’t seen around before.

 

 

“Recruit Potter, this is Healer Lamb,” Frasier said curtly, “She’s our mental health specialist, and she’ll be doing a psychological evaluation on you based on things that happened during selection.”

 

Harry nodded, and Frasier left.

 

Lamb didn’t look overly intimidating. She was a tall, slim woman who looked to be in her mid 20’s. She had dark brown hair which she wore in a bun and hazel eyes which seemed as kind as her smile.

 

“This is such a personal thing; I think it’s better if we use first names, don’t you?”

 

Harry just nodded.

 

“So I’m Caroline,” She said.

 

“Harry,” Harry said stupidly.

 

“Right then Harry,” Caroline said kindly, “The first thing I need you to do is nip into the bathroom behind me and fill this pot with a urine sample. It’s not glamourous, but we do need to make sure that you aren’t under the influence of any illegal potions, or alcohol.”

 

Harry nodded again and took the pot from her. Once he had filled it and placed the sample on the shelf provided, he returned to the room and was informed that the next step was a physical examination. The Healer listened to his heart, examined his scars and asked him about them. She wondered if he had a history of malnourishment, due to his short stature and he replied that he did.

 

“Okay then,” Caroline said, “Take a seat.”

 

Harry did so, and Caroline leant back in her chair. Her quill was poised over a clipboard, and she asked, “Are you ready to begin?”

 

“As ready as I’ll ever be,” Harry admitted.

 

“There are three sections to this evaluation,” Caroline informed him, “And the first one that we need to discuss is your mental health history. Do you know if there is a history of depression in your family?”

 

Harry frowned, “I’m not sure. I mean I talk to my Great Grandfather’s portrait about it a lot, because he was in World War One, but more immediately than that, I don’t know.”

 

Caroline nodded, “And do you have a history of depression?”

 

“Yes,” Harry replied honestly.

 

“When did that start?”

 

“When I was 16,” Harry replied, “After I watched my godfather die.”

 

“Did you experience spells of anger, numbness, guilt and helplessness?” Caroline questioned.

 

Harry nodded and swallowed.

 

“How long did those feelings last for?” Caroline asked.

 

“A couple of months.”

 

“Okay, and what about anxiety. Do you have a history of that?”

 

“Uh…no, I don’t think so,” Harry replied.

 

“You’ve never had a tight pain in your chest as if you were having a heart attack?”

 

Harry shook his head.

 

“To the best of your knowledge, have you ever had an anxiety attack?” Caroline asked, “Your heart pounds, and you sweat, your body shakes, you have difficulty breathing. Does that sound like something that has happened to you?”

 

Harry frowned, “Uh…no…”

 

Caroline jotted something down, “Have you felt suicidal in the past six months? Have you had thoughts about death, or ending your own life?”

 

“No,” Harry replied honestly.

 

“Okay,” Caroline smiled, and Harry felt a small tug. She was in his head, but he could see what Lilly meant about the low-level Legilimency charm. He knew she was there, but it was the most gentle pull, a skilled Legilimens could do it easily without the person working out that they were there.

 

“The next section is about your personal history, and I suspect it will take a bit longer than the last part,” Caroline said. She flipped the page and dipped her quill into an inkpot.

 

“So we will be discussing major traumas in this section. The first one concerns your childhood,” Caroline explained, “Do you remember your parents' death?”

 

“Not really,” Harry replied honestly, “I remember a scream, my mother’s and a flash of green light, but that’s all.”

 

“Did you ever have nightmares about that or flashbacks?” Caroline asked.

 

“I used to as a kid, but not so much anymore,” Harry replied, “The nightmares these days are usually about what happened to my parents happening to me and my fiancé, of my godson, becoming the boy-who-lived.”

 

“I see,” Caroline said with a nod.

 

“I also heard my mother die and saw that flash of light every time a dementor came near me when I was younger,” Harry replied, “I used to pass out, but then I learned the Patronus charm.”

 

“What age were you when that happened?”

 

“It was in my third year of school,” Harry replied, “But my teacher taught me the Patronus charm in third year, so it got better.”

 

Caroline nodded, “And you mentioned something about malnourishment during your physical test?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry replied, “After my parents died, I was raised by my muggle aunt and uncle. They treated me like a slave; I slept in the cupboard under the stairs, wore my cousin's old clothes and cooked for them. They fed me, but it was scraps.”

 

“And would you say that left a mark on you?” Caroline asked.

 

Harry shrugged, “Not really. I got treated worse by wizards, you know?”

 

“That’s what I want to get onto now,” Caroline said, “Would you say you have witnessed a traumatic event directly?”

 

Harry snorted, “Is that a trick question?”

 

“I know you haven’t had an easy life, Harry,” Caroline said with a smile, “But I need you to tell me about these events. I can’t just sit here and throw questions at you for an hour.”

 

Harry sighed, “I’ve witnessed a lot of traumatic events. The first one was when I accidentally killed my Defence against the Dark Arts teacher because he was possessed by Voldemort. It was a long story, but because my mother died to protect me, it triggered some ancient blood magic relating to love, and because Voldemort couldn’t love, my touch physically hurt him.”

 

“And the host, Quirinus Quirrell, died,” Caroline said with a nod, “Did you have nightmares about that? Flashbacks? Feelings of guilt?”

 

“Not really…no,” Harry admitted, “He was stupid enough to let Voldemort possess him so…”

 

“But surely as an eleven-year-old boy, you must have felt something?” Caroline prodded.

 

“Sure, I felt pretty frustrated that me and my eleven-year-old friends were left to deal with it,” Harry remarked, “Who puts a giant three-headed dog in a school? Who lets a bunch of kids do his bidding for him? Well, Albus Dumbledore clearly.”

 

“Did you trust Dumbledore?” Caroline asked carefully.

 

“I thought I did,” Harry replied, “Up until the point that I realised he had spent seven years raising me as a lamb to the slaughter.”

 

“Okay,” Caroline said, “We’ll get onto that later. What was the next significant trauma that occurred for you?”

 

“That would be the Basilisk in second year,” Harry replied, “It petrified my best friend, and for a while, we didn’t know if she would wake up which was pretty scary. Then I had to go save Ginny from it because our DADA teacher was useless-”

 

“Ginny Weasley?”

 

“Yeah, my other best friends younger sister, who I later dated,” Harry filled in, “I went down there, had to fight a Horcrux, although I didn’t know it was a Horcrux yet. The Basilisk bit me-”

 

“Forgive me for interrupting, Harry,” Caroline apologised, “But if you were bitten by a Basilisk, how are you still alive?”

 

“Oh, Dumbledore’s phoenix conveniently showed up and healed me,” Harry replied, “It also brought me the sword of Gryffindor so I could blind the Basilisk. Then it helped get me out of the chamber of secrets.”

 

“Right,” Caroline said, “Would you mind if I took a blood test? Even if you were healed, dark venoms like that can leave a trace in the blood.”

 

Harry rolled up his sleeve, “Sure but you’ll find more than that. I was also bitten by Nagini, Voldemort’s snake, who was a Horcrux.”

 

“Any other venomous bites you want to disclose?” Caroline asked, slightly in jest.

 

“Oh, a rattlesnake,” Harry said, “While we were on a training exercise last month.”

 

“I’m guessing you don’t like snakes,” Caroline remarked.

 

“No, I love them,” Harry admitted, “I can talk to them, and they are very sophisticated creatures. I actually have a pet Boa Constrictor.”

 

Caroline raised an eyebrow at him, “Does this snake have a name?”

 

“He’s called Dave,” Harry replied.

 

“Just to clarify, you mean you’re a parseltongue?” Caroline asked.

 

Harry nodded, “Do you need me to prove that so you know I’ve not had a nervous break?”

 

“I kind of do, yes.”

 

Harry shut his eyes, cleared his throat and then hissed something in parseltongue.

 

“Okay,” Caroline said, “That’s a new one.”

 

“Sorry,” Harry said sheepishly, “I’m not your standard recruit.”

 

“I can see that,” Caroline admitted as she did the blood test, “Did that event haunt you with nightmares or flashbacks? Did you feel any guilt, shame or blame surrounding the event?”

 

Harry frowned, “I felt guilty that I let it happen. I feel like I should have worked it out sooner, and I regret Ginny getting dragged into it because it left a real mark on her, being possessed by a Horcrux all year.”

 

“Okay. Was there another traumatic event in the following school year?”

 

“Yeah, there’s at least one for every school year, I think,” Harry answered, “Third year was a real rollercoaster. You know what a rollercoaster is?”

 

“My mother was a muggle-born, so yes,” Caroline smiled.

 

“Right, well…I found out that Sirius Black was on the loose and spent the majority of the year thinking he wanted to kill me. Then I discovered that he was my godfather, for a while I thought he had betrayed my parents, but then the truth all came spiralling out. It turned out that Sirius was the good guy, who had been in jail for 12 years for a crime he hadn’t committed,” Harry rattled off, “And the guy who did do it was actually an animagus who had been living as my best friends rat. Oh and on top of that, my DADA teacher who I admired and looked up to as a father turned out to be a werewolf who was in love with my godfather so yeah, rollercoaster and not a fun one either. It was like one of those ones when you’re in the dark, screaming with no idea when it's going to end.”

 

“Okay, that’s a lot to process. How did all of that make you feel?” Caroline asked him.

 

“Confused,” Harry answered.

 

“Yes, I can see why,” Caroline admitted, “You loved your godfather then? And admired this teacher of yours?”

 

Harry nodded, “But he had to leave when the students found out that he was a werewolf and I let Peter Pettigrew slip away which meant that I couldn’t free Sirius. Then I had to go back in time and battle dementors-”

 

“Sorry, you went back in time?”

 

“Yes, my best friend was given a time-turner so that she could attend all of her classes,” Harry replied.

 

Caroline blinked, “Uh…okay.”

 

“So we saved a hippogriff, and then my godfather flew away on the hippogriff,” Harry said simply, “But I kind of had to mess with time. I used a Patronus to save myself from the dementors; it was confusing.”

 

“And uh…did this leave you scarred?” Caroline asked, “The usual, nightmares? Feelings of guilt?”

 

“Not so much the nightmares,” Harry said, “But feelings of guilt, yeah. I felt like it was my fault that Pettigrew had escaped and I had this vision of Sirius’s name being cleared, and me getting to live with him. I wouldn’t have had to go back to my abusive family-”

 

“Sorry, did you say abusive?”

 

“Yeah, my uncle thought he could beat the magic out of me,” Harry said glumly, “Put bars on my window to keep me in the house, you know?”

 

“Noted,” Caroline remarked, “What about the following year?”

 

“Yeah, that one sucked,” Harry admitted, “I was entered into the Triwizard Tournament, everyone thought I had cheated to get into it. One of my best friends turned against me, and it all culminated with myself and Cedric being port-keyed to a graveyard. Then I watched Cedric die, my blood was used to resurrect Voldemort, and then due to priori incantatem I saw the echoes of my dead parents.”

 

Caroline blew out a breath, “Right.”

 

“That one really did cause me nightmares,” Harry said, a dark look flitting across his face, “I woke up in a cold sweat every night, I used to scream Cedric’s name in my sleep. My cousin tormented me; he was always asking if Cedric was my boyfriend.”

 

“Was he?” Caroline asked.

 

Harry shook his head.

 

“No feelings like that there at all then?” Caroline probed.

 

“At the most, maybe a slight crush,” Harry shrugged, “Call it a curious phase, I suppose.”

 

Caroline nodded thoughtfully, “And then there was the small matter of your trial before you returned to school for your fifth year?”

 

“Yes, I was put to trial by the ministry for defending myself against dementors,” Harry said darkly, “And I was made to feel like a liar all year because the ministry refused to believe that Voldemort was back. Dumbledore had my back, but then spent the rest of the school year avoiding me at a time when I needed him most. My DADA teacher tortured me that year because I dared to speak out about what had happened in the graveyard, she made me use a blood quill which left me with these scars.”

 

Harry held out his hand, and Caroline swallowed, “I see.”

 

“Anyway, that year culminated in my godfather dying, which made me sink into a pretty deep depression.”

 

“The one you mentioned earlier,” Caroline said.

 

Harry nodded again, “Then there was my sixth year. That year ended with Snape killing Dumbledore in the Battle of the Lightning Struck Tower. That messed me up; it was just another father figure that I had lost, you know? And my best friends brother was mauled by a werewolf too…”

 

“Did you have nightmares about Dumbledore’s death?”

 

Harry simply nodded, “And I felt guilty, but I also felt a huge responsibility because Dumbledore had been grooming me to defeat Voldemort. I knew about his Horcruxes, and when Dumbledore died, it fell to me to defeat them, which was what I did while I was on the run.”

 

“Could you talk to me a little bit about that?” Caroline asked.

 

Harry sighed and leant back in his chair, “It was hard, and it was lonely. To begin with, it was just, me, Ron and Hermione then Ron couldn’t cut it, so he left. When it was just Hermione and me, things were tough, and we became…involved.”

 

Caroline nodded.

 

“We had to wear a Horcrux because we had stolen it from the ministry, but we had no way to destroy it, and although we took turns, that was hard,” Harry admitted, “Carrying a piece of Voldemort around with you…it wore you down, and it left its mark.”

 

“I can only imagine,” Caroline said.

 

Harry sighed, “Then we were captured, and I had to listen to my best friend scream while she was tortured and branded.”

 

“The one you had become involved with?” Caroline asked.

 

“Yeah,” Harry frowned, “Then there was the final battle and the point where I realised that I had been raised to die at the right moment. I was a Horcrux, one that Voldemort had created by mistake, but a Horcrux all the same. That was what the prophecy meant when it said that neither could live while the other survived. I had to die so that Voldemort could be mortal.”

 

“That must have been difficult to accept.”

 

Harry shrugged, “I was so fed up by that point that I kind of welcomed death.”

 

“So you felt suicidal?” Caroline asked.

 

“I wouldn’t say so,” Harry frowned, “It wasn’t like I wanted to die, but I knew that I had to so I accepted my fate. Obviously, Voldemort killed me and in doing so, killed the Horcrux inside of me and then somehow, I came back.”

 

“Do you know how?”

 

“Not entirely,” Harry admitted, “But I think it has something to do with the sacrifice my mother made for me. Dumbledore always said that blood magic was ancient and mystical.”

 

“It is,” Caroline agreed.

 

Harry shut his eyes, “But my biggest regret I suppose is the battle and all of the people that I lost. I still see the bloodshed when I close my eyes. I can still picture all of those bodies lining the hall…”

 

“Do you know how many people were lost that day?” Caroline asked.

 

“Fifty,” Harry replied simply.

 

“Can I give you another perspective?” Caroline asked.

 

Harry opened his eyes and replied, “Please do.”

 

Caroline pulled a file out of her bag and opened it, “I have the statistics from the battle here.”

 

Harry scoffed, “What do statistics matter? People died, people that I knew and loved.”

 

“I know that, but I think this might give you some perspective,” Caroline said honestly, “Fifty people died that day but do you know how many survived?”

 

Harry shook his head.

 

“475,” Caroline said softly, “475 people whose families did not have to bury them. Of those people, 374 were students or returning students. Those people will go on to marry, have careers and have children because of you.”

 

Harry frowned, “But if I hadn’t gone to Hogwarts to destroy the final Horcrux, none of them would have died.”

 

“If you hadn’t gone back to Hogwarts to destroy the final Horcrux, Voldemort would not have been defeated, and even more than that would have died,” Caroline said, “People would have been oppressed, muggles and muggle-borns would have been slaughtered then Voldemort might have moved on to Europe. He could have become worse than Grindelwald.”

 

Harry sighed.

 

“Now…the highest proportion of the deaths were of studente,” Caroline explained calmly, “That was primarily due to the collapse of the central tower. Do you remember that?”

 

Harry shook his head, “I was fighting in the grounds when it happened.”

 

“Nine students and one Auror died in the crush,” Caroline said as she looked down at a ring on her finger, “I understand exactly how painful it is to lose someone you love because that Auror was called Eddie and he was my husband.”

 

Harry’s eyes snapped up, “I’m sorry.”

 

She smiled sadly, “Why? It wasn’t your fault. He died trying to save the kids trapped in that tower. He got eleven out, even though his lower body was trapped beneath the rubble. By the time they got him out, he was too far gone, and he bled to death.”

 

Harry looked down and wrung his hands together.

 

“He saved more kids than he lost,” Caroline said. She cleared her throat, “And so did you.”

 

Harry looked up, “What do you mean?”

 

“Of the fighting forces, Dumbledores Army lost the least people, proportionally,” Caroline told him, “The deaths were grouped into three categories: Dumbledore’s Army, the Order of the Phoenix and the Aurors. The Aurors suffered greatly, 1 in 4 of them died in the final battle.”

 

Harry’s frown deepened.

 

“But the Order of the Phoenix, a group created and led by Albus Dumbledore, full of skilled witches and wizards, lost 1 in 6 members in the final battle.”

 

Caroline smiled proudly, “The group of children that you trained lost 1 in 7, Harry.”

 

Harry took a shuddering breath as a few tears slid down his cheeks.

 

“Is that the first time you’ve heard those figures?” Caroline asked gently.

 

“Yeah,” Harry replied quietly.

 

“And how do you feel about those numbers?” Caroline asked.

 

“I feel bloody proud of them,” Harry said, his voice was choked, “Not the numbers, but the people.”

 

“You were a great leader Harry, and you are going to be a great Auror,” Caroline said, “Once you learn to let go of the guilt.”

 

Harry nodded.

 

Caroline flipped the file shut and went back to her notes, “We’re nearly done, I promise. I know this isn’t your idea of fun.”

 

Harry wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his shirt and nodded.

 

“The last section that I need to go through with you here is about your mental state at the moment,” Caroline said, “So it shouldn’t take long.”

 

Harry laughed weakly, “That’s what you think.”

 

Caroline frowned, “Okay. Have you had any dark thoughts or feelings? Such as thoughts of turning dark? Or of using your magic to hurt people?”

 

Harry sighed and said, “I had dark thoughts for a long-time, but I was never sure if they were my thoughts or if they were the part of Voldemort inside me manifesting.”

 

“Since the Horcrux was removed then?” Caroline asked.

 

“No,” Harry replied honestly.

 

“Have you ever hurt yourself on purpose?” Caroline asked, “Either with magic or with objects such as knives?”

 

“No,” Harry replied.

 

“Have you ever used any illegal potions?” Caroline asked, “The sort that help you sleep, make you hallucinate or give you an artificial high when you’re depressed?”

 

“No,” Harry replied.

 

“Okay,” Caroline said with a smile, “One last question-”

 

“I can already tell you that it’s gonna be the biggie,” Harry said dryly.

 

Caroline frowned, “Would you say you have ever had a dependency on alcohol?”

 

“Yes,” Harry replied simply.

 

Caroline’s hand hovered over the parchment, “Would you say you still depend on alcohol or is this a historical problem?”

 

“Well,” Harry dead-panned, “I relapsed on Monday night and drank a bottle of Ogden's because I thought my fiancé was cheating on me with her boss.”

 

“Did you come to work under the influence yesterday?” Caroline asked, her care-free attitude had gone.

 

“No,” Harry replied, “Because Neville and Theo, that’s Recruits Longbottom and Nott, sobered me up and put me through hell to repair the damage that it had caused to my liver so that I wouldn’t get caught, but I don’t feel like hiding the problem is the way forward.”

 

“You’re right,” Caroline said, “When did this start?”

 

“After the war,” Harry replied, “I drank during the summer and then when I went back to school, it eased off. I still drank too much at parties or on special occasions but when I left school…it got worse.”

 

“Did it reach a point where it caused you problems, socially?”

 

“Yeah,” Harry frowned.

 

“Did it have an impact on your relationships with those close to you?”

 

“It nearly lost me my fiancé and with that, my godson who we are adopting,” Harry said honestly, “But Neville brought me to my senses. He had my back then, and he has done every day since. Without him…I don’t know where I would be.”

 

“Which is why you share such a profound bond,” Caroline realised, “That’s good, we like Auror partners to understand each other inside, out.”

 

“Is it going to get me kicked out?” Harry asked.

 

Caroline shook her head, “Extra precautions will be put in place, but we cannot punish you for an issue that you have been so honest and open with us about. If you had tried to hide it, that would have been a completely different matter.”

 

“Well, at least for once I made the right decision,” Harry joked weakly.

 

Caroline put her notes away and rose to her feet, “I am sorry that I kept you for so long Harry, but the first meeting always takes the longest.”

 

“So there will be more then?”

 

“I expect so,” Caroline replied, “But I will have to report my findings to your Senior Auror, and he will make the decision about what happens next. Don’t be alarmed if you are called in for a meeting in the coming days, but I promise you, it will not be to kick you out.”

 

“Okay,” Harry said. He let out a breath, “Thank you.”

 

“Thank you for being so co-operative,” Caroline countered. She opened the door, and they stepped out together, “See you again.”

 

Harry nodded and made his way back over to Neville.

 

“Are you alright? You were in there ages!”

 

“The ‘have you ever witnessed a traumatic event’ section took a while,” Harry murmured.

 

“You alright, though?” Neville asked nervously, “You look like you’ve been crying.”