“Students, today you shall be brewing the Amor Producate potion, this potion will allow you to find your soulmate by bringing you to them, as you have noticed already I have locked the door so that you are not drawn to someone’s had the occasion of your soulmate’s death already arrived,” Professor Snape said.

The overexcited girls in the front of the class began to squeal and look at each other with blushing expressions. The entire idea of ‘soulmates’ made Draco rather sick to his stomach. Harry shifted nervously in his seat and then began to look through his book.

“Out of all the people in the classroom, why did I have to get stuck with you?” Draco asked, sneering at the fifth-year Gryffindor. Harry rolled his eyes and then started to search for the proper ingredients.

Are you just going to complain while I do all the work like last time and then complain even more when I do it wrong?” Harry asked, placing a veil of Snakeskin on the table with a ‘thump.’ The white haired boy rolled his eyes and then began to measure out what they needed.

“What are you doing Potter? You need about half that much!” Malfoy shrieked, making the class burst out into reckless laughter. Harry felt his ears grow warm and his cheeks flush. He mimicked the other boy and then took out half of what he was going to put in the pot and put it back in the bottle.

“I was doing fine.”

Draco rolled his eyes and put the last ingredient into the cauldron, “Now we let it sit for four minutes and no more,” Harry mumbled, reading from the book. Draco nodded and then sat back in his chair, looking at his work with a satisfied smirk.

Professor Snape stood, having been sitting at his desk the entire time, “Students, since you have finished brewing the potion, I suggest that you try it and see how you did with your work.”

Draco and Harry looked at each other and then rolled their eyes. The black haired boy reached over and took one of the glasses, pouring some of the purple potion into it for the other boy. Draco sneered and took his glass from the other male, expecting to know exactly who it was when the potion began to work. Pansy looked at the stuck up boy from across the room, lust was grand in her eyes.

The rest of the students were nervous as they poured the royal purple liquid into the glasses and drank it. Harry looked at the potion in his cup and he poured it down his throat, not caring if he and Draco drank it at the same time as the rest of the partners were doing.

Harry opened his eyes and expected to feel a tugging feeling in his gut that would pull him to his soulmate, but there was none. Draco was looking at him with wide eyes as he watched the rest of their classmates get pulled towards each other.

“Aww, Hermione and Ron got put together, how sweet!” Some girl cued as the aforementioned pair kissed, seeing as they were already dating. Harry smirked and then glanced over at Dean and Seamus snogged in the corner of the dungeon classroom.

“You idiot! You must have done something to screw up the potion!” Draco shrieked, rather angry that he was going to get a bad grade on the potion.

“I did? It was you that told me what to do!” Harry retorted.

Draco sneered, “You must have done something when I wasn’t looking then.”

“I did not such thing!”

“I caught you almost messing up three times!”

“Once Malfoy, or can you just not count?”

“Potter!”

“Malfoy!”

The boys grew quiet as they stared at each other with anger. Professor Snape cleared his throat and grimaced, catching both boys attention. “You’re potion is fine boys, if it was wrong you would have already been rhyming in couplets.”

Both boys shoulder’s slumped, they looked at each other and then looked away. “Oh,” Harry whispered.

“I think that I should have figured that out by now,” Draco breathed, blushing hard as his hand curled into a fist.

“Yeah,” Harry whispered back, his hand falling down his leg and touching the shorter boys. Draco let his hand relax and fall down his leg, Harry grabbed the other boys soft hand, wrapping their fingers around each other. “Would you like to go with me to Hogsmeade? Next Saturday maybe?”

“Yeah, that would nice,” Draco said, a blush spread across his face as he leaned in, he got closer and closer to the Gryffindor before their lips connected for a moment. The platinum-blond-haired boy took in a deep breath through his nose, when they separated, Harry could feel an intense heat build up in his cheeks, both boys looked away from each other.

“The effects of the potion should have worked off by now, You may leave the classroom. Write an essay about why this potion is important and why it is dangerous to brew. Have it completed and ready to turn in by tomorrow. You may go,” Professor Snape said. Harry and Draco both raced out of the door to their respective friend groups, pretending that the entire thing did not happen.


"Today, class we are going to be practicing some of the spells that you learned back in your beginning years." the entire class groaned, they had been doing this for the past month, "I will assign you a partner and you will all go to your separate rooms and perform the spells that you were assigned. I have set up a watching charm, so none of you can skip out like I found out that you have been doing the last couple of days."

Ron groaned and placed a hand over his eyes, leaning back so far in the chair that it look like he was about to fall off. When the rambling teacher finally dismissed them, Harry groaned and glanced over at the room that held the boggart, the room that he had been assigned to earlier. When most of the students entered their room, Harry finally rose from his seat and walked over to the door, his hand hovering over the handle for a moment before he gripped the metal and pushed.

"Potter. Took you long enough," Draco Malfoy said, his arms folded over his neatly pressed button up shirt. Harry rolled his eyes and pulled out his wand, glancing over at the small wardrobe that contained the boggart.

"Who goes first?" the dark haired boy asked, avoiding the jab that Draco had delivered.

"I will," Draco said, pulling out his slick, thin, black wand. He moved over to the wardrobe and cast a spell. The doors of the cupboard flew open, releasing a howl of noise while smoke billowed out, Harry didn't even get a chance to see what it was that the other male was afraid of with how quickly Draco cast the spell. "Riddikulus!" he shouted, aiming for what looked like two figures that were intertwined together. Draco stepped back, making the boggart turn back into mist. "Your go," Draco said with a smirk.

Harry took a deep breath and loosened his shoulders, moving into the range of the boggart. The mist swirled around him, he could feel his heartbeat picking up. The smoke billowed out of the wardrobe and onto the floor around him. his palms began to sweat and he moved his wand over in his hand, waiting for the monster to show itself.

The smoke started to take form, swirling and spinning enough to give anyone a headache. Harry swallowed, feeling panic roll in his gut, washing over him in waves. He blinked, opening his eyes to see what he never wanted to see again in his life.

His mother, stood before him, a smile ghosted on her face in the lines around her mouth. Harry’s father stood next to the red haired woman, his hand on her shoulder. They both had blood trickling out of every hole in their face, out of their mouths and their ears, and nose. But the worst part about it was that, their eyes were missing, completely gone from their sockets.

The young boy could feel his breathing pick up, his hand started to shake, making it so that the wand was almost out of his grip. Harry could feel that his knees were about to give out and the world was starting to tune out as his heart raced. His teeth were buzzing and his mind was numb, all he could see was the two figures in front of him.

“Riddikulus!” Draco yelled from behind him, making the boggart vanish, billowing smoke like fog all over the room. It eventually seeped out of the windows and joined the fluffy white clouds outside. Harry’s knees finally gave out, the muscles in the back of his thighs twitched as though he had just ran several miles in a few seconds.

He dry heaved to a few times before he pulled himself up against the wall, still shaking uncontrollably. His teeth clacked together and he pulled his still twitching legs up to his chest and buried his head into his knees.

Two arms wound their ways around him, a hand going up to pet his unruly hair. “Shh, you’re okay, you’re okay. I’m here. It’s gone everything is fine, you’re okay,” Draco whispered, cradling the other student in his arms.

Harry calmed for a moment and his breathing simmered down, the uncontrollable shaking stopped, though his teeth were still buzzing. He slid out of the Slytherin's grasp, looking at the other male. “Thank you,” Harry whispered, never once forgetting his manners. “But can I ask you why you did that? I thought you hated me,” Harry said, still wringing his hands, which was a nervous tick of his.

“I don’t hate you, I never have,” Draco whispered, taking Harry’s hand within his own. “Well actually, I did hate you for a while there. But only because you were too bloody stubborn to actually notice anything.”

“What? What am I supposed to notice?” Harry asked, his face scrunched up with confusion as he stared at the blond Slytherin.

“Still oblivious as ever I see, well how about you come with me to Madam Pomfrey and then I will tell you when she makes sure that you really are okay,” Draco said, standing up and pulling the still shaken Gryffindor up with him.

Harry nods and walks with Draco to the Hospital Wing, walking in silence the entire way. “You know what, I can’t wait what are you trying to tell me? I just can’t figure it out,” Harry says, breaking the awkward silence.

Draco grabbed the front of his robes and smashed their lips together, kissing him fiercely. “That. That is what I was going to tell you. I love you, you bloody git.”


“This love potion is not to be used by any of you, do you understand?” Professor Slughorn said, glancing around the classroom over the top of his glasses.

“Yessir,” the class echoed back, though Ron knew that half of the girls in the class and almost a fourth of the boys were planning to use the potion anyways. Next to him, Hermione glanced over to the other side of the class that was inhabited by Hufflepuffs, one of the girls was staring back at her, her eyes wide and intense like a doe.

Seeing that his friend was distracted, Ron tore off a corner of his parchment and scribbled on it with his dull quill, I think Hermione found her true love! After finishing the note, he folded the parchment messily and kicked Harry, who was seated next to him.

Harry, who had seemingly been in another world for the duration of the lesson turned to Ron, his eyebrows raised in question. The red haired boy slid the parchment into his friend's hand that sat below the table, and hopefully out of the view of any potential snitches.

“I will brew the concoction first, and then tomorrow, to ensure that you were paying attention, Ms. Hinton and Ms. Buck,” Slughorn said loudly to the back of the class where two Hufflepuffs were whispering to each other rather obnoxiously, “You will construct the potion from your notes that you take today.”

The entire class groaned, afterword there was a loud shuffling as people pulled out ink, quills and enough parchment to write down all the steps and ingredients for this potion.

As Ron pulled out a new piece of parchment, he felt a piece of paper drop down onto his shoulder. He glanced at it before lifting it off and unfolding it. You really think so? He smiled as he read the note from Harry, he quickly wrote back, Yeah. She’s been staring at that Hufflepuff for the entire lesson. Which is weird, especially for Hermione.

He passed the note over to his friend, their hands brushing together playfully as they did so, even though they had touched hands so many times over the years, the feeling made Ron’s stomach do several flips.

He shook it off and looked at the Professor, though the words seemed to meld together, becoming a mess of sounds. Ron’s mind wandered throughout the entire 45 minutes. He was only brought back when Slughorn began to speak again.

“Now that the potion if finished, I would like you to write a report on why you think that this is a banned potion, remember that this is your homework,” Professor Slughorn said before dismissing them all.

 

That night, the Golden Trio sat around the fire, as they did every night. Books and close to being overdue homework assignments littered the top of the oaken table.

“So I was thinking about what what happened in Potions today, and I have a question for you two,” Hermione said with a small, mischievous smile that she only obtained after so many weeks around the Weasley twins.

“Hmm?” Harry asked, looking up from his Transfigurations assignment.

“What did you smell from the potion?” she asked, looking a bit giddy to hear their answers. Ron felt his shoulders tense as he thought back to the smell that filled his nose not five hours ago.

“I smelled rain and stale Earl Grey tea. And some sort of mixture of wood and dust,” Ron said, his brow furrowing further as he thought about what he had smelled.

“It smelled like fire, butterbeer and warm blankets just out of the dryer,” Harry said, even though he knew that only Hermione would know what a dryer was.

“Oh my god,” the bushy haired girl said, clasping a hand over her mouth, her eyes widening as she looked at the two boys.

“What? What is it?” Ron asked, extremely confused, though he was hoping that the girl meant what he thought she meant.

“Harry can you come with me?” she asked her friend, placing her hand on his knee. The aforementioned boy looked at her with a puzzled expression, but followed her anyways.

They had only been gone for ten seconds before Ginny skipped into the common room, smiling widely at her older brother. “Hey Gin,” he said, glancing up at his sister, a feeling of nervous butterflies fluttered in his stomach.

“You said that you had something that you wanted to tell me?” the red haired girl asked with a small smile.

“Yeah, but you may want to sit down first,” Ron said, gesturing over to the couch that rested, now uninhabited. Ginny raised an eyebrow at him before she plopped down onto the sofa, looking at him with her eyebrows raised.

“I think that I might be gay,” Ron said, chewing on his bottom lip, rolling it in between his teeth nervously.

“What makes you think that?” she asked, completely calm.

“I’m pretty sure that I’m completely in love with Harry,” he whispered, though he relaxed at seeing his sister’s reaction. She nodded her head from side to side, her green eyes drifted over to the flickering flame, the reflection in her eyes looked rather ominous.

“To be honest, it was kind of obvious, you two are always getting to fights, yet when you become mates again you seem to be stronger than ever. Which, if you didn’t know, is kind of a couple thing. You touch each other a lot, I’m pretty sure we all think that you two are in a ‘secret’ relationship and are just shit at hiding things,” Ginny replied, smirking at her brother playfully.

Ron buried his face into the palms of his hand, about to say something when Hermione came back into the room, “Hey Ron? Can you go into the hall? Harry wants to talk to you.”

The freckled male nodded, standing. He quickly made his way to where his best friend was waiting for him in the hall. “Hey mate. What’s up?” he asked, chewing on the inside of his cheek.

Harry didn’t say anything, he just grabbed the back of Ron’s neck, crashing their lips together in a blinding passion. The other male could feel his eyebrows raise in question, but he soon forgot it, just focused on kissing Harry back.


Made a wrong turn, once or twice

When the wand touched the middle of his forearm, a searing hot pain coursed through it, melding his skin with magic.

He could feel the sharp nails dig into his pale flesh as he spoke through clenched teeth, “I, Draco Malfoy, do pledge to serve the Dark Lord, Voldemort, til I shall perish.” He bit back a scream as the pain intensified, searing hot pain clouding his vision, making him see spots as the mark wound into the very particles of his skin.

“Good boy, Draco,” his father praised, though his voice still sounded monotone as always. The words almost did not hit the young boy’s ears, as he was in so much pain.

Voldemort finally took his wand off of his skin, allowing the mark to wriggle and squirm freely his arm. Draco felt tears of pain well up in his eyes, but he blinked them back, allowing his mother to help him up off of the floor, walking him behind the Dark Lord as they entered the conference room.

Dug my way out, blood and fire

“Harry Potter,” his unpleasant voice rang out through the courtyard, Draco felt a lump form in his throat as he looked over to where the half giant stood with the limp body of the boy the Draco loved. “Is dead. From this day forth, you put your faith in me. Harry Potter is dead!” Voldemort called out, there was a laughter that echoed through the Death Eaters, “And now is the time to declare yourself, come forward and join us, or die.”

Lucius and Narcissa called out to their son, one at a time, longing to have him where they were, “Draco,”

The blond boy glanced around, his heart ached at seeing the place that he had lived for so long, for six years, burned down and torn apart, the grass was dead. And the stone walls were crumbling down, half of the bridge was lying in the gorge below. He felt like he was going to cry as the lump in his throat choked him.

His heart thrummed a little harder as he saw the shocked faces turned to looks of betrayal, as Neville Longbottom limped halfway between both parties, “Well I must say, I had hoped for better,” Voldemort called out, another laugh rippled through the mad men on the other side of the courtyard.

“It doesn’t matter that Harry’s gone,” the Gryffindor began to speak.

“Stand down Neville,” Seamus said, his eyes filled with hatred and anguish.

“People die every day, yeah. We lost Harry tonight. But he’s still with us. In here,” Neville said, gesturing to his chest, “he didn’t die in vain. It’s not over!” with that the lanky boy pulled out the sword of Godric Gryffindor.

The seemingly deceased boy pushed his way out of the half giant's arms, springing to life again. “Potter!” the word was out of Draco’s mouth before he could stop it, he sprinted across the courtyard, trying to get to his secret lover.

 

After the battle, when Voldemort was finally done for, gone forever, Draco fell to his knees, glad that he was finally free.

Bad Decisions, that’s alright

“We need to get all of the Death Eaters to be put into Azkaban,” Cho Chang yelled, slamming her fist down onto the table, her face was a bright shade of red.

Have you forgotten,” Harry said with a small frown, “That there are several people that have been forced into this job?”  

“But they’re evil,” Cho tried to reason, Draco felt the mark on his arm begin to hurt.

“A lot of the Death Eaters were also under Voldemort’s control, he manipulated their minds,” Draco said, his voice coming out as a whisper. Harry seeing his lovers discomfort, moved over to him, placing his hands on his shoulders, rubbing them affectionately.

“I think what Draco is trying to say is, haven’t we all made a decision that we regret? Cho I could name at least ten that you have. We can’t just round up all the people that have a Death Mark!” Draco smiled, leaning into his boyfriend.

Welcome to my silly life

Harry kissed down the blonde male’s neck, nestling him as they moved lower and lower. Draco giggled at his boyfriend’s silly antics, but when Harry slipped his hand underneath Draco’s shirt, he could feel his heartbeat pick up, Harry moved back to kiss the skinny man, but Draco pushed him away as soon as he felt the first button of his shirt open.

“Babe?” the Gryffindor asked, confused, “You okay?”

“I-I don’t think that I’m ready for that yet,” Draco whispered, buttoning up the uncovered skin.

“That’s okay, do you still want to cuddle? I can leave if you want,” Harry said, brushing one of the silk hairs that had fallen out of place behind the ex-Death Eater’s ear.

“No! Stay, I love you. And I would love to cuddle with you,” Draco said, his arms outstretched to the other boy.

Mistreated, misplaced, misunderstood, Miss, “No way, it’s all good,” I didn’t let you down

Draco curled up on himself, the countless scars that he had obtained from living with his abusive father. He felt his breath shutter, tears streamed down his face as he rolled over onto his pillow. His face was cold and his throat was raw from the sobs that had been wrenching through it earlier. Someone entered the dorms, letting the door closed behind them silently, “Draco? Love, what’s wrong? Are you hurt? Are you in pain?” Harry’s words were quick and hurried as he rushed over to his tearful lover.

“I-I’m not hurt, I just needed to cry I guess,” he said, his voice quivering with sadness. “How did you know I was here?”

“You weren’t in any of our classes, I know that you don’t have to attend all of the classes in Eighth Year, but that’s just not like you,” Harry said with a small, knowing smile, “As for how I got in here. Let’s just say that my Dad and my Godfather teamed up and gave me the best present ever.”

Draco smiled and leaned his forehead up against the others, giving him a tired, but happy, loving look.

Mistaken, always second guessing, look I’m still around!

A rolling feeling filled the young man’s gut as he was surrounded by all of the other graduating students. He felt like one of the ghosts as if he would walk through someone and have them get mad at any moment. He jumped as a tender hand fell on his shoulder, “You alright, love?” a soothing voice asked. Draco nodded, smiling at his lover.

“If you’re sure,” Harry said before returning to sit with the rest of the Gryffindors, that was, the ones that had gone into Eighth Year.

 

The duration of the graduation ceremony went by in a flash, making Draco’s head spin when they finally ended up back at Harry and his new flat. As soon as the door was closed, Draco felt his wrists get tightly pinned against the doorframe, forcing him to look at his lover.

“Scared Malfoy?” Harry said, mimicking what his boyfriend had said all those years ago.

“Hardly. Is that your new safe word now? It sounds a bit strange, to be honest,” the smaller male said, the words slipping off of his tongue. Harry chuckled heartily, leaning down to kiss him, though before he could, Draco bowed his head to the ground, not making eye contact with the other male.

“Are you alright?” Harry asked, letting go of his boyfriend’s wrists.

“No,” Draco whispered, his voice coming out in a hushed whisper that was barely audible.

“Love, what’s wrong?” Harry asked, hugging his lover close to his chest as tears began to well up in the ex-Death Eaters eyes.

“I know that you want to have sex, and you have for a while, but you won’t, when you see what I look like, you’ll hate me and never want to set eyes on me again,” Draco said in between sobs and giant gulps of air.

“Why would I think that?” the other male asked, genuinely confused.

“Because I still have the dark mark, which is hideous and would just be a reminder to you about your Godfather’s murderer and not to mention your parent's murderer. I have scars on my chest and my hand’s that are the only blemishes on my body and their hideous, they make me look like some sort of knife fighter. I hate them so much, they look so hideous and have warped my skin so much, that it looks like a giant mess of scar tissue,” Draco said, falling out of Harry’s arms onto the door of their flat.

“Draco, listen to me,” the Boy-Who-Lived whispered, taking Draco’s wrists with his large hands, “ you’re so mean when you talk about yourself. You were wrong. Change the voices in your head, make them like you instead. So complicated, look happy you made it! Filled with so much hatred, such a tired game. It’s enough, you’ve done all you could think of. I’ve chased down all my demons and seen you do the same.

“If you ever, ever feel like you’re nothing, you’re fucking perfect to me,” Harry sang, smiling as he kissed his boyfriend on the lips as the last words of the song left his mouth.

“Potter that was the lamest song I have ever heard,” Draco said, even though his eyes were brimming with tears yet again, his face was grinning so wide that the other male was certain it would crack at any moment. The blond man lunged at the other, wrapping his arms around him tightly, “Thank you, so much. I love you.”


Draco hummed a light tune, stirring the dinner that he was preparing. He jumped slightly when the dryer's buzzer went off, feeling his heart stop for a moment and then continue. He placed the top onto the lid of the pot that he was cooking on before he walked over to attend to the laundry, taking it out he walked to the room that he shared with his alphas.

The bed was large and messy, the small Omega buried his forehead into his palm as he realized that he had been too busy talking with Blaise and Theo that he had forgotten about the bed. He set the basket of laundry down on the floor next to the doorway as he walked over to Harry’s side of the bed, reaching for the blanket and pulling it tight. He tucked it in all the way down the bed, doing this until he got over to Ron’s side, where he rolled and tucked it, as the alpha preferred.

Draco grabbed the pillows and fluffed them, putting the six pillows in a neatly arranged pattern. When he was through flattening out wrinkles and whatnot, he grabbed the basket of laundry and began to fold it, putting everything into its respective drawers. When he got to where there were only a few things left in the bottom of the basket, he felt a rush of heat and arousal course through his slender frame.

The small Omega collapsed onto the bed as a gush of slick coursed down his legs, wetting his pants. He panted, curling in on himself as his erection grew. Since this was not his first heat, he knew what he had to do, grabbing his phone from the bedside table, he checked the time. 6:45, he had exactly five minutes before his alpha’s arrived home.

Draco felt that this was far too long to wait, as another gush of slick poured out of his ass, he writhed on the bed. The small omega scrambled to take off the constricting clothing that entrapped his erection. He gasped as the frigid air hit his engorged cock, making the small Omega squirm. His hand traveled down to his cock, stroking it lightly.

His hand stilled as he heard the front door open and close, two voices talking lightly as they entered the house echoed through the house. “Draco? Love? Where are you?” Ron called into the house, his feet padding along as he walked through the house.

“Here!” Draco called out, still shedding his clothes as he waited for his alpha’s to find him. His breath was rapid and he found that he was grinding down onto the covers of the freshly made bed.

“Draco?” Ron asked when the aforementioned boy mewled in reply, the red haired alpha’s eyes lit up in realization. “Harry, c’mere”

With that, the tall, lanky male walked into the bedroom, he lost his shirt and pants while walking the short distance to the bed. Harry poked his head into the room, saw Draco and quickly followed the other alphas lead.

He dropped down onto the bed, laying over his lover, he kissed the Omega’s neck, dragging him over to that Ron could kiss the other side. Draco moaned and fell into his lover, loving the attention that he was getting. He bucked up into his black haired mate, while his arms wrapped around Ron’s head.

Another batch of slick gushed from the aroused Omega’s hole, along with another batch of strong pheromones. Both Alphas looked at each other before they growled at one another, something they always did during Draco’s heats. “Both of you, stop it,” the Omega snapped, “I want both of you inside me right now.”

Harry and Ron glanced at each other before they both slid into the slick hole. Draco moaned at the feeling of being filled by Ron, who reached all the way up to what felt like his lover back, and Harry, who stretched him to the limit. Both of the Alphas looked at each other, their lips met lightly, making both of them fall in love with each other all over again.

“Move, you gits,” Draco called out, loving the feeling of the two Alphas, knowing that they were kissing while both inside of him only turned him on even further. Both Alphas complied, vigorously moving as they passionately kissed.

They picked up the pace even further as they got further and further into the mood of their smallest mate’s heat. With one more hit to Draco’s special spot, he cried out and came, clenching tightly around both of the other males. This action made Harry and Ron climax within their mate, biting down on the mating marks that had been there for five years.

 

Later that night, the three males lay snuggled together in their bed, warm and safe. Draco’s eyes snapped open suddenly, a gasp falling out of his mouth, he sat straight up, his eyes wide. His hand traveled down to his stomach. “Draco?” Harry asked groggily, putting his arm around the smaller male. “You okay?”

“Ron, wake up!” the young male yelled at his lover.

“Wha?” Ron asked, still half asleep.

“Both of you pay attention!” Draco said, his face lighting up with excitement. “I’m pregnant!”

“How can you tell?” the older male asked, his face slipping out of sleep mode and into worry and confusion.

“Well, it’s halfway between an intuition and logic,” Draco said, turning to face both of the other males, “It’s that time of year, and you came inside of me. Also, I just felt like I should be preparing for something.”

“Baby?” Ron asked with a questioning look.

“Yes, love,” Harry said, leaning over to kiss his other Alpha lover.

“Now Mum’ll stop bugging us right?” Ron asked through the kisses.

“Yeah,” Draco said, pushing the red head down so that they were comfortable on the bed.

“Go to bed loves,” Harry said, tossing his arms over the other two.

 

“Mum, we’re home!” Ron yelled into the house.

“Uncle Ron!” a high pitched, shrill voice called out. The red haired male leaned down and scooped out the two brown haired twins up into his arms.

“Hey you two, have you been good for you dads?” the alpha asked, “Because if you didn’t you don’t get the treats that I brought you.”

“Draco! The Omegas are in the kitchen!” Hermione called out, poking her head around the wall to look at the other Omega

“Coming!” he said, kissing his mates cheek before walking into the kitchen.

“You said you have news?” Molly asked from her position near the stove.

“We’re expecting,” Draco said, his hand placed over the small bump that was protruding largely out of his slender frame. Hermione’s face lit up, she jumped out of her seat and hugged her friend, her girlfriend standing next to her, restraining her from hurting the pregnant Omega.

“That’s great, dear,” Molly said before she walked over and pried Hermione off of Draco to hug him. Her embrace was tender and warm, though it was still firm, as everything that the Omega did was.

“How far along are you?” Ginny asked as she played with the new wedding ring that lay on her slender finger.

“About three months, so it should be any day now,” Draco said, a smile slipping across his face as he settled into the chair.

“Overdue?” Pansy asked.

“Yeah, but on a good note, we went to the obstetricians yesterday, and he said that I was carrying twins. One is Harry’s and the others is Ron’s, they’ve been fighting about who’s babies they are since I first got pregnant, I didn’t tell them that one is each of theirs, I like to see them bicker,” Draco said with a small smirk as he watched the young pups run around outside.

“You’re so mean to them,” Hermione laughed, beaming.

“I know, it’s a miracle that they still love me,” Draco said, though he smiled lovingly.

“Not really,” Pansy said, taking her girlfriend’s hand within her own, “you can’t see the way that they look at you, they love you and each other so much, it’s just so sweet.”

“Yeah-ah!” Draco called out, holding his stomach, his face screwed up with pain. Molly sniffed the air and then looked over to the other set of lovers, “Warm blankets, towels and a bath, now, Ginny. Hermione go get Harry and Ron. Pansy, help Draco upstairs. Now!”

The three girls leaped into action flying into different directions as they prepared for the birth. Draco grabbed his friend’s wrists, holding them tightly as they walked to the second's floor, where the guest bedroom was.

The married Omega placed her friend down onto the covers of the bed. Draco growled and bore down slightly, though he stopped, knowing that it was not soon enough for birth. He began to strip, taking off his pants and shirt, still laying down on the bed.

Molly appeared in the doorway, an herbal concoction in her hands. “Take this,” she said, her motherly tone imminent in her voice. Draco swallowed the pill and relaxed onto the pillows.

“What did that do?” he asked, breathing calmer than he had before.

“It widened you down there, it should make things a little easier,” the soon-to-be grandmother (again) said calmly. Harry and Ron rushed into the room, shoving each other out of the way as they fell on either side of the bed.

“Are you okay?” they both asked, making them glare at each other.

“I’m fine, stop arguing,” Draco said, looking over at Molly, who was standing with her hands on her hips.

“Both of you need to get out, it’s time for the babies to be born,” Molly said, shepherding both Alphas out of the room. Draco squirmed before grunting, feeling the baby moving lower down his birth canal, the head emerging slowly.

 

The birth was long, it took nearly five hours for the first twin to be born, but the second came out with ease, a mere five minutes after her sister.

“You boys can come in now,” Molly told Harry and Ron, who was sitting outside of the door, lips bruised and swollen from what must have been the make out session of a lifetime.

Both Alphas walked in slowly, smiling when they saw their mate on the bed, asleep with their children on the blanket next to him.

“Do you want to hold your daughters?” the awake Omega asked, picking up one of the small babies, they both nodded vigorously, making her laugh. She placed the smallest, yet the oldest into Ron’s arms, telling him how to hold the fragile infant. She then gave Harry the larger twin, who had a birthmark across her face.

Both Alphas walked over to the bed and sat, gazing down at the sleeping twins. “What do you want to name them?” a voice from behind them said, they looked over to see their lover, though they did not jump, as he did this often.

“I’ve always liked the name Cleo,” Ron said a light smile on his face.

“I like that name, and for you little one, you look like an Annabella,” Harry whispered as he ran a hand over her birthmark.

Draco smiled, “Welcome to the family, Cleo and Annabella Weasley-Potter.”


The music throbbed around the room, ricocheting off of the walls and bouncing around almost as much as the students. There was an energy in the hall, one that was romantic, and yet still hateful at the same time.

Hermione stumbled down the stairs as she walked into the hall, her heels making her fumble, as she had never worn them before. Harry smiled up at her as he waited at the bottom of the stairs. Ron took Hermione’s arm as she almost fell, she looked at him in a sisterly manner. He smiled at her before they both ended up at the bottom of the stairs. Ron’s smile immediately turned to a look of love when he saw Viktor.

Hermione smiled and she took Harry’s arm, giving her date a kiss on the cheek. Ron and Viktor kissed tenderly and quickly on the lips before following the other Tri Wizard Champions into the dinner.

The hall was decorated with Silver decorations, it was frigid when they first entered, though it slowly began to warm up as they made their way to the candlelit table. Everything seemed to be decked in silver and white, as well as blue. There was an overall winter type feel to the entire hall.

The Champions sat down across from their dates, taking the food from the dishes and piling it onto their plates. They ate in relative silence, the only noise was the clinking of silverware and the murmur of whispers that came from the students below.

After some time, the whispers turned into an actual conversation, and the tension in the air dissolved, making everything much more relaxed.

“Do you remember the time that Ron accidentally blew up our homework?” Hermione said with a small laugh.

Viktor looked at her and then back to his boyfriend, his mouth open with shock. Ron blushed and slid his shaggy hair in front of his eyes, refusing to look at his boyfriend. “The funniest thing is, that it was the homework for the explosion charm that we had learned,” Hermione giggled, smiling at her desired partner.

“It was the year that my wand broke, and they couldn’t replace it, so all of my spells went horribly wrong,” Ron said, the blush even more evident on his cheeks.

“You still got us detention for a month,” Harry said, gazing over at his date, Hermione could feel butterflies flutter in her gut. People began to rise as gather around the dance floor when their food disappeared from their tables.

Ron took Viktor’s arms for the second time that night and walked over to the dance floor, Harry and Hermione followed suit. They were a bit awkward, the Champions, clearly none of them other than Viktor knew how to dance.

After the first dance, Fleur had managed to get her date to go with her out of the room, probably to either make out or something much more degrading. Cedric and Cho had wandered off to talk to some of the other Students, and Viktor and Ron continued to dance, flirting the entire time.

Hermione and Harry both walked away from the romantically ensnared couple, sitting down at one of the unoccupied tables, sipping at the butterbear that had been waiting for the students.

 

A few hours later, both Gryffindors were exhausted, having both been asked to dance by several people. When the music finally stopped, the frizzy haired girl flopped down next her date. She slipped her shoes off, sighing with relief.

“How has your night been ‘mione?” Harry asked with a small smile as he reaches for the girl’s hand.

“Wonderful, but only because I got to spend it with you,” she lets the pick-up line roll of her tongue as she gazes at her desired partner, “but I do have something to ask you Harry, would you like to come to The Three Broomsticks with me next time we go to Hogsmeade?”

“Like as a date?” he asked, taken aback as the girls straight forwardness.

“Yeah, is that a bad thing?” she asked with a smile.

“No, just asking,” Harry said, leaning in and kissing Hermione full on the lips.


“Mum, Dad, I have someone for you to meet!” Harry called into the house. Draco clenched the other male's hand, chewing on the inside of his cheek. His heart was beating fast as he stepped past the threshold into the Potter Mansion.

“Welcome home Harry. Who’ve you got there with you?” Lily said as she moved to the entry hall to greet her son. She hugged him with a giant smile, glanced down at their intertwined fingers, and then at her son with a knowing smile.

“Mum, this is my boyfriend, the one that I wrote to you about,” Harry said, his smile wide.

“Again, aren’t you a little young for this, Harry dear?” the red haired woman asked, her eyebrows raised in question.

“Draco and I already talked about it, we decided that we weren’t going to be intimate til our fifth year,” the black haired male said with a small eye roll, though his mother placed her hand on her hips and looked at him knowingly.

“Do I really need to tell your Godfathers about this?” Lily asked sternly.

“No ma’am,” Harry said, glancing down at the floor before he pulled Draco along with him up the stairs. They giggled as they passed several pictures that called congratulations at them all the way up the stairs. Harry pulled the smaller male into the room on the left.

“Wow,” the Slytherin said, looking up around the room. There was gold lacing around the middle of the room, separating the red and black that covered the rest of the walls. The floor was covered in plenty of rugs, though Draco could tell that there were polished stones underneath the rugs. I giant wardrobe stood next to a window seat that was large enough that someone could sleep on it.

In fact, there were several blankets laid out on the seat, the drawers were open and empty, making Draco smile. “Mum said that she would prepare a bed for you, I guess those drawers are for your belongings,” Harry said, his voice soft.

Draco kissed the other male’s cheek, “It’s lovely, Harry.” The Gryffindor smiled and pulled his boyfriend in for a kiss.

“Harry! James! Potter!” a voice barked from the doorway. Both thirteen-year-olds jumped, looking over to the door as a figure came into the room.

“God, Uncle Remus, you scared us!” Harry cried out, running up to hug his uncle. Remus chuckled and hugged him back, rubbing the young boys back with vigor.

“Good, now who is this that I have caught you entrapped with?” the werewolf asked.

“This,” Harry said, grabbing Draco’s hand, “this is my boyfriend, Draco. Draco this is my Uncle Remus.”

“It’s a pleasure,” the Slytherin said, sticking his hand out for the other male. Remus smiled and took it, shaking the young male’s hand twice before he smiled at the dog that was standing in the doorway. Draco jumped, his eyes wide, “Harry!”

The aforementioned boy laughed and shouted, “Uncle Sirius you're scaring him!”

The dog shifted back into a human and laughed, placing a hand on his lover's shoulder, “Sorry, it is a tradition, and we warned you.” Remus nodded with a smile. “It’s nice to meet you,” Sirius said as he reached his hand out for the boy to shake. Draco took it gratefully and then leaned into his boyfriend’s touch.

“Also, Harry, have you talked to your father?” Remus asked, his eyebrows raised as he spoke to his godson. Harry shook his head and the werewolf tutted, walking out with his lover.

“Come on and talk to my dad with me?” the black haired male asked, a shy smile on his lips. Draco nodded, leaning forward and kissing the male.

“I’d be happy to,” Draco whispered as he followed his boyfriend out of the room. They walked side by side till they reached an office where a black haired man sat, spinning in a chair.

“Dad?” Harry asked, poking his head into the office. The man stopped spinning and looked over the computer that lay on the desk.

“You’re home!” the man asked, surging forward to hug his son. “Who’s this?” he asked, looking at the blond male with a questioning expression.

“This is my boyfriend, Dad!” Harry said, giggling as his father was peeking over his shoulder. James smiled and then told them both to sit down.

“Remus! Sirius! I need you! In the office!” James shouted into the hall. Both males appeared in the doorway with their eyebrows raised. “Code 2!” the head of the house said as he pulled both of his friends into the room.

“Already took care of Code 1, James,” Sirius said as he sat down on the werewolf’s lap. All three males looked at the blond, who hid behind his boyfriend.

“Listen, if you ever, ever hurt our Harry, then there will be consequences,” Remus said, his eyes dark and looming. Draco whimpered and Harry facepalmed, sighing as his father nodded.

“Dad! We’ve been together all year and you think that he would hurt me now? We’ve already made it past the three-month mark,” Harry said, grabbing Draco and rushing them both out of the room, back to the room that they were both staying in, laughing lightly.

“Your dad is completely mad!” Draco said, smiling as he pulled the Gryffindor in for another kiss.


The room was silent, albeit the sound of Harry rolling around in his sleep. Dean and Seamus were still downstairs, and Neville was away for the spring holiday. Ron snored gently every now and again, almost pulling Harry out of his uneasy sleep, but not enough to actually wake him up. Rain beat steadily down on the ancient glass, thunder rumbled lightly in the distance, not close enough to cause any fret to the First Years sleeping below them.

Harry turned over before he shot up in a panic. Anxiety festered in his gut, causing him to shiver uncontrollably. He pulled his legs out of the sheets that clung to his sweaty legs. He squinted around the room nervously, half expecting the same man that haunted his dreams every night to be in front of him in his dorm room. To no one's surprise, the room was empty save for his best friend across the room.

The young wizard slid out of bed and walked to the window. His eyes flitted around the grounds that he had seen so many times, looking over the grey and blue lake, watching as the waves lapped against the shore. The forest swayed back and forth as the storm slowly crept closer and closer to the magic castle. Harry felt a shiver creep down his spine. He glanced back at the bed and shivered, the idea of getting back into his bed alone was almost too much for him to handle.

He looked back into the dorm room, where Ron was just barely managing to wake up, feeling the tension in the room. “Harry?” the ginger asked, sitting up in bed. Harry looked back at his friend. “C’mere,” Ron mumbled tiredly, grasping out for his obviously distressed friend. Harry felt his shoulders fall and he slowly walked over to the other bed.

“Really?” the black haired man asked, cocking his eyebrow at the tired teenager. Ron only nodded and grabbed his long-time friend’s arm, pulling him down into the bed. Harry sighed as he felt strong arms wrap around his waist tightly. He melted into the embrace, burrowing his head into the other males collarbone. “Thanks,” he whispered.

“This reminds me of when we were camping. And Hermione would yell at us because of the horcrux, and you would have nightmares so bad that you wouldn’t sleep,” Ron whispered, his hand sliding soothingly, up and down Harry’s sweat drenched back. Harry nodded and sighed, wrapping his arms even further and tighter around his friend. “D’you wanna tell me about what you were dreaming about?”

“He was there again, Ron,” Harry whispered, tears high in his voice, “and you were dead. Right before me. He killed you, and not even with a spell, he killed you with a sword right in front of my eyes. And Hermione helped. My parents were there too, but there was blood coming out of every opening in the faces and they didn’t have any eyes. And then I was alone, and I didn’t have any of you.” By the time that he was done talking, tears were rolling down his face, wetting the taller male’s shirt.

“That’ll never happen, because I won’t let it. And ‘moine won’t either,” he added hastily. A flutter erupted in the bottom of Harry’s stomach. He cuddled closer to his friend sighing. Guilt crept into the back of his stomach. “Harry…”

“Yeah?” the black haired boy whispered, shuddering at the thunder that had steadily been creeping closer and closer. Ron grew quiet for a few minutes and all Harry could hear was his own heart thrumming loudly.

Before he knew what was happening, his best friends lips were on top of his. Harry gasped and pulled back looking into his friends eyes with a wide, scared expression. “Bloody Hell, I fucked up didn’t I?” Ron asked. Harry shook his head before he leaned in for another kiss.

“I was just scared is all, “ Harry murmured against his lips.

“Oh, that’s good,” the ginger man whispered, smiling before he continued to kiss his newfound lover.


The shop had been doing well after the war, and only after the war. Before then, they had almost had to resort to selling actual, useful products just so that they could keep the shop, but they had managed. The flow of students from Hogwarts had always kept steady, as they had needed one way or another to keep from dying of boredom at the Wizarding school. But after the war, the death of the overpowered bastard that had killed so many of their brothers and sisters, (as well as their non-binary siblings), it seemed to pull people out of a deep hole that they had all sat themselves in. They got pulled out of the hole and people finally had the time to care about common pranks and ways to convince your teachers that you were actually sick and could get out of class without waiting until you caught a bug that may or may not have been making its way around your school.

With more business, the twins needed more help to manage their joke shop, so they had hired some more hands, but one man stood out from the rest of their unique employs. He seemed to catch people’s attention, but not just with his sparkling, exited, and yet tired ice-blue eyes. Not just with his scarily blond hair, the white of which always manages to catch the sun in just the right way, making it appear as a silvery white that suits him well enough. Instead, what catches the attention of all of the shops frequenters (which mostly consisted of first years through fifth years, anyone older than that had already been caught too many times to actually get away with using anything from the shop) were the marks that would sometimes appear on his neck and his arms. They thought that these were scars that refused to leave him after the war. After all, it was now common knowledge that all of the Malfoy family was part of the Death Eater Army.

The shop was relatively empty other than a few young wizards who had just barely learned to apparate. The story was always the same for them, they had been meaning to apparate into the circle, but the shop had been on the back of their minds, and they didn’t have the heart to leave without buying anything. Harry smiled and shook his head as his boyfriend acted like one of the aforementioned teenagers, something he had not seen in a long time. The war had taken a lot out of them as well, as they had been the ones that had helped with Voldemort’s death, even through they had not been the one to kill him themselves.

They giddily walked around the shop, seeing all of the things that the twins had come up with overtime. Everything ranged from barfing candies to small, purple birds. “What about that?’ Harry asked, pointed at a small aphrodisiac potion. “Would you like to try that? Could spice things up a little bit,” he added, placing one of his hands firmly on the ginger male’s ass.

“Maybe, we can find a cashier after we find my brothers, and see what’s up with Malfoy,” Ron replied, smiling and turning around to look at his lover, who placed another hand on the other cheek before he leaned in and pecked the other man’s lips. They stood like for a moment before they heard a squeak from behind them, a sixteen year-old stood behind them, a bright red blush on her pale face. Harry glanced away and removed himself off of his boyfriend, walking away quickly to get away from the young girl.

“How about there? Would your brothers hide there?” Harry asked jokingly, grabbing his boyfriends hand and intertwining their fingers together. Ron’s face grew grim for a moment before he nodded, dragging his boyfriend over to the back room door.

He swung open the door and then covered his eyes, yanking his hand away from the other man so that he could cover his eyes.

Harry spun around and closed the door, a bright blush covering his cheeks.

The twins had been falling over each other as well as the young Malfoy. Both gingers kissing each other passionately while Draco’s hole was being stretched out to the maximum by both Fred and George’s hands. Small, guttural moans echoed through the small space, the boxes that were almost stacked up to the ceiling made the small sounds even quieter.

As soon as the door was shut again, they heard a small amount of shuffling, muffled by Harry suddenly bursting out laughing, a loud jolly sound. “You owe me a Galleon, babe,” Harry smiled, kissing his boyfriend cheekily.



I'm sorry that this is so short. I really suck at writing dialogue, so this was really, really hard for me to write. I tried my best though, I hope that you like thing carolyn_margie.
The Marauders were always the ones that were playing pranks around the school, they became known as the only ones that could play pranks on others. If anyone ever attempted, it would be blamed on the two students and then said two students would come after you. They only gave you what you deserved, as they had to suffer through the detention that you should have had to done. The punishments ranged from spiked pumpkin juice that would make your hair turn purple and spiky, or that would make you only speak in Old English, to shaving cream filling all of your clothes, bag, as well as your bed.

But the pranks slowly faded, becoming less and less. The reason for this was unknown to all of the students, all students other than six students. Five of them were placed in the Gryffindor house and the one other was a Slytherin, though not in the cynical fashion.

Currently, these six students sat in a small room in the library, but for being in the library, they were not remaining near quite enough. “What do you mean by that?” the Slytherin hissed through his teeth, narrowing his dark eyes angrily.

“I meant, that maybe we only hang out with you because you cling to Lily like the squid in the lake clings to the bottom of the water!” Sirius said, raising his voice.

“I don’t cling to her!” he said, his voice getting increasingly louder with each word.

“Yes, you do. We all know that you’re in love with her,” Sirius quipped, folding his arms in front of his chest. James glanced at his girlfriend, they stared at each other for a moment before they got up, Lily picking up her various amounts of books while James only picked up the quill that he was absentmindedly drawing on his hand with. They quickly slid out of the alcove to allow the other two to continue quarreling.  

“How can I be in love with Lily, if I’m in love with-” Severus caught himself and clapped a hand over his mouth. Sirius’s eyes widened and he shook his head, looking back behind him and then to either side of him. He finally realized that the other two occupants of the library had vanished, with this he looked back to the male in front of him.

“You’re not in love with Lily?” he asked, he felt his heart clench and he bit the outside of his lip. The young Slytherin nodded slowly, averting his eyes down from where the Gryffindor stood.

“Who are you in love with then?” Sirius asked, his voice finally quieting down.

“You,” the word was barely audible, a whisper that, had they been outside, would have flown away on the wind so that no one would have heard it. Sirius felt his heart stop for a moment before he felt it pick back up, beating so hard that he was almost certain that it would beat out of his chest. He moved a step closer, almost stumbling over his feet as he did so.

Severus’ shoulders tensed as he felt the other man step closer. A hand grabbed his chin and then lips were on top of his. They held that for a moment before separating stiffly, Sirius’s eyes fell, and he looked down at the carpet. “Sorry,” he murmured. The other male shook his head, tears forming in the corners of his dark eyes, he surged forward and kissed the other man again, crying with happiness that someone finally loved him.

They separated quickly, and then the words were whispered between them.

“I love you.”

“I love you, too.”



This isn't really what you asked for and I'm sorry about that! XD They kept refusing to do what I wanted them to.
I'm sorry that this came out so late, I've been having some mental health issues as well as writers block so yeah.
“Hey, Teddy,” James asked, he chewed on the outside of his lip as he looked over the coffee table at his friend. “Could I maybe move in with you?” he asked nervously, panicking now that the words were out of his mouth.

Teddy’s head shot up and he looked at the other male, his dark hair fell in front of his light eyes, before it changed to a shy shade of pink, though just at the roots. “Of course,” he smiled, beaming at the other man. “Why wouldn’t I let you? I love you,” Teddy whispered, pulling James closer across the table so that their lips met briefly. They pulled apart to the sound of a creaking door.

 

“You sure that you ready to move in with someone else?” Harry asked for what must have been the millionth time. James rolled his eyes and slumped back on the couch.

“Dad, it’s a little late to ask that know,” the oldest Potter child noted, “I mean, seeing as we already moved in.” Teddy suppressed a snicker as he watched his godfathers face come to the realization of what his son had just said.

“Hey James,” Lily called out from the small hallway that separated the kitchen, dining and living room from the rest bedrooms and bathrooms. “Where’s your bedroom? I wanted to leave you the gift that I made for you,” she giggled, her head poked around the corner, making bright red hair fall in front of beautiful green eyes.

“Erm, can you just give it to me now?” James asked, a small poorly hidden amount of panic seeped through into the words. “I mean, I’m really excited to see why you’ve been hiding in your room when you’re normally so passionate to be with the family.”

“Sure!” Lily squeaked after a moment, a bright smile sliding across her face. She walked out of the hallway and sauntered over to the couch, plopping down between her brother and Teddy.  She pulled out a small, framed photo. It was intricately sketched, a small photo that James had grown up seeing all over the house. Ginny and Harry stood above them, James, Albus, and Lily were all lined up by age, even though by the time that the photo had been taken Albus had been slightly taller than the other male.

“Wow,” James gasped, taking the photo into his hands. “This is lovely,” he traced his hands over the frame, seeing the words that his parents had spoken to him over and over again through countless amounts of nightmares as a child. ‘I will love you with all my heart and soul, no matter what you do. I will always keep you safe, love.’

“Dang,” Teddy said, looking over the small girls shoulder to look at the picture, “You have some really great potential Lils!”

“I know,” she flaunted, smiling again as she looked back at the blue-haired man. “But it’s not a real profession, so it’s not like I can do anything with it.”

“Bullshit!” another male voice called from the kitchen. Albus’ head popped out from behind in the breakfast bar.

“Language!” Ginny finally spoke up. An audible snicker echoed form where Albus sat.

“Shove it, Scor’!” Albus teased, sticking his tongue out at the other Slytherin who was hiding with him. The two began to become quiet, though not quiet enough to not be heard, because they became to quickly bicker back in forth in hushed whispers.

“You’re all settled right?” Ginny asked, a small smile on her delicate lips as she shoved a singular strand of hair back into her normal, tight ponytail. James nodded and glanced over at Teddy, hoping that no one would notice the small, loving look. “Great, thank you so much for looking after James, Scorpius and Lily Luna.”

“Yeah of course, you and Dad need your date time,” he teased back to his mother, who obtained a small blush on her cheeks. “You’ll be back around eleven right?”

“Yes, thank you again,” Ginny smiled, leaning forward to kiss her son’s forehead. James pulled away playfully before he stood up so that he could say goodbye to his mother properly. “I love you, little one.”

“I love you too, Mom,” he smiled. “Bye, Dad,” he said, giving his dad a brief hug before he fell back down onto the couch.

When the adults were finally gone, Lily stood and raced over to where the two younger boys sat. “You two are going to help me with something,” she announced in a hushed voice, scaring the other two.

“With what?” the blond hissed at her, pissed that she had interrupted his time with his boyfriend.

“Y’know how I got you and grumpy hear,” she said pointing her finger at her brother who only continued to scowl back at her, “together? I want you to help me to get Teddy and James together.”

“Why?” Albus grumped, falling over onto his boyfriend so that his head was resting on the other males shoulder.

“Because James deserves love just as much as you did and he’s obviously in love with Teddy!” Lily said, her voice raising loud enough that it could just barely be heard by the older males in the next room over.

“I don’t wanna help. I just want to be alone with Scorpius for a little bit, this is some of the only time that we can be alone and not be made fun of for being in a Gay relationship!” Albus hissed, angry at his sisters insistence.

Lily pouted, allowing her hair to fall in front of her eyes before she stood up and walked away from the other two. She grabbed her bag and made sure that she made as much noise as possible grabbing it. She clambered over to the chair and flopped down onto the large, comfy chair. “What are you pouting about Lils?” James asked, looking away from Teddy and stopping the conversation that they were having.

“Albus and Scorpius won’t help me with something. They’re too busy making out,” she groaned, blatantly calling out her brother and his boyfriend as a repercussion for not helping her with her plan.

“LILY LUNA!” Albus shot out form behind the counter, a scared look taking over his dark eyes. He froze with fear as Teddy began to laugh.

“I told you,” he giggled after a moment, holding his stomach with. “I told you that they wouldn’t freak out. And I told you that they were screwing each other!” Albus felt his ears grow hot and he looked down at his hands, embarrassed that the other male had so easily found him out.

“Fine, yeah, you told me. I love you too, babe!” James shouted back, teasing his secret boyfriend.

Lily’s eyes grew wide and she looked back and forth between her brothers. “What the fuck?” she asked, completely bewildered.



WARNING: This one-shot contains graphic depictions of underage sex.

Sorry about not uploading for so long! I hope that you enjoy this!
Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3


The halls of the magnificent hall that they all called home were deathly silent, only the sounds of two pairs of shoes ringing through endless corridors and mazes of rooms. They did this nightly, as it was required of them and was more important than ever after the war had officially been rekindled. 

Each of the prefects now walked in pairs instead of covering more ground by going solo, since the prospect of being murdered by Death Eaters was now at the forefront of everyone’s mind. They would sometimes walk with another house to try and improve the rift that existed between the groups of students, but often it went house by house.

Draco and Ron fell into the former category, always choosing to walk with each other instead of walking with the other prefects from their houses. They had another reason for wanting to spend so much time together, outside of wanting to get rid of the stigma that existed for their houses. 

“Hey Draco,” Ron whispered into the other boy’s ear as they walked down the empty hallways. 

“I know that voice,” the alpha sighed as he turned to face his courting partner. They had agreed to hold off on mating until the war was over so that the other wouldn’t suffer as much physically if one of them died. “What are you planning?”

“Well,” he grinned, a dopey look crossing his face as he turned to the side. He walked forward, causing his boyfriend to walk backward until he was pressed up against the cool stones of the Hogwarts walls. “We’re out here every night, all alone with no one but the paintings, and I was thinking…”

“We’re not the only ones. Hermione and Pansy are also patrolling and the other prefects from the other houses are as well, Ronald,” Draco teased. He already had an idea of what his omega was angling at, and he wanted to make it drag out as long as he could. His hands drifted to the ginger’s shoulders, rubbing where the collar bone met his arms. His hands drifted a bit lower to his pec-like breasts before they moved further down to his stomach.

“But we’re always the only ones in this part of the castle,” he whined. He shuddered in pleasure as he felt the hand slowly moving lower and lower down. He bit his lip and mewled softly as he imagined the slim fingers of his alpha dipping into his wet folds, playing and toying with him until he couldn’t take it anymore.

“What if we get caught? What will you do then, hmm?” Draco queried as he flipped them so that the taller of the two was pinned against the wall.

“We won’t be. No one’s ever out of bed, especially not with the war,” Ron reasoned as his back arched in his desperation to have his body touching as much of his alpha as possible.

“Hmph. Not a very good reason,” Draco rolled his eyes in dissatisfaction. He tried prompting his lover again to get the answer he wanted. “Tell me what you’d do if someone walked in while my thick cock was buried inside of that omega cunt of yours, Weasley?”

“Nothing. Let them see that big powerful alpha can take me wherever he wants,” he replied slyly. Normally the twins were the two with the quickest twins, but when Ron was put into these types of situations his tongue was as sharp as the deadliest of blades.

“Damn right I can,” Draco moaned low and deep into his ear. “I’m going to ravish you, right here, and you’re going to like it.”

Ron felt himself grow even wetter than he had been before, the slick dripping out of him and down onto his panties at the idea of being taken so forcefully and wonderfully. This was not the first time that they had been intimate, and it certainly wouldn’t be the last. Draco was rough and aggressive every time, but he made sure to stop every time his omega needed a moment to breathe or got overwhelmed.

“Look at that, you’re already so wet and I haven’t even touched you,” Draco seethed as he moved so that his hands grasped both of his boyfriend’s wrists. He pinned them above the ginger’s head and then leaned forward to connect their lips in a passionate kiss. 

They moved back and forth as Ron pushed his boundaries a small bit, trying to make his alpha move faster than he was. Draco knew exactly what his courting partner was trying to do and did the opposite just to frustrate his lover. He began to kiss him slowly, moving their lips together while nipping at the taller wizard’s bottom lip. Neither of them were much for open-mouthed kissing or Frenching, so they never really delved that far into each other.

“Alpha,” Ron breathed when they finally had to separate for air. 

“Already calling me alpha, sweetheart? You’re so desperate,” Draco smirked as he began to kiss his jawline and then to his neck. The alpha pressed his nose into his omega’s scent gland, taking in the smell of pumpkin spice and warmth. He moaned eagerly as the scent rushed through him and sent out happy chemicals through his entire body. He brought himself back to the present and kissed over the scent gland as a silent reminder of something that was to come, should they both survive the war with their sanity intact. 

“Alpha, please,” he whispered, bucking his hips and grinding against his lover to try and get some stimulation and relief.

“No,” Draco growled darkly into his ear. It wasn’t a Command, and they both knew that. While they liked to play with power, they knew that the alpha would only use his Command when the omega was in danger or some other similar situation. 

“I’m sorry,” he mumbled as he stopped the movement of his hips. He went limp in the hold of his alpha. Not enough that he needed to be supported, but enough that the other could do whatever he wanted without any resistance.

“You’re fine,” Draco assured him before he returned to what he had been doing beforehand. One of his hands remained above their heads for a moment while his other drifted to his wand. He pulled it out, muttered a quick spell to tie his omega’s hands together and to the wall he was up against before he stuck the wand back into his jacket. He then moved one of his hands to drift slowly down his courting partner’s toned chest. He licked his lips as he conjured a mental image of what the abs hidden underneath the uniform looked like. Quidditch had done Ronald Weasley a lot of good.

“Draco,” the omega whined, his throwing his head back as well as he could with the stone wall standing firmly behind him. “Please, alpha!”

“Please, what?” Draco asked as his fingers danced down to his belt. He begins to undo it easily, routinely even since they all wear the same belt for their uniform.

“I, uh,” he stuttered, at a loss for words with the amount of anticipation coursing through him without a halt. 

“Such a slut, already begging for me without even knowing what you’re begging for,” Draco chastised playfully. While he called his lover harsh words, he never meant them by their true meaning.

Ron let out a languid moan, melting into the touch as he finally felt cold hands dip into his pants. Draco pulled back his lover’s panties to look down into the wild bush of dark hair that grew there naturally. He smirked as he smelled the rich slick that was dripping from the folds that were meant for him and only him. 

“Please, I need something,” the omega finally panted as he got enough of his thoughts to do so. 

“You’ll get something, my omega. Have patience,” Draco cooed into his ear. He leaned forward and began to kiss up and down his neck as one of his hands drifted further and further down the omega’s pants. He dipped his fingers down into the wet cunt that was reserved only for him. He had his middle finger inside of the folds while his pointer and ring over rubbed the outside of the labia. He rubbed forward and then slowly dragged his hand backward to stimulate the clit of his lover.

“Draco,” he gasped, bucking into the touch. The binding spell that the alpha had cast on his hands was weakening with time and soon he was easily able to break from it. The alpha smirked and used his other hand to bring Ron’s legs so that they were wrapped tightly around his legs. The omega was still pressed back against the wall as they went further and further with each other.

“I’ve got more than clit stimulate in mind for you, omega,” Draco whispered huskily into his ear as one of his icy-cold fingers dipped into his soaking cunt. Ron let out an eager moan as he bucked down into the finger as he felt the entire thing slide easily into him. His eyes rolled back into his head due to the pleasure as the slender finger slowly dragged downward, pressing back against the backmost part of his cunt, where the most sensitive parts of him were. The alpha completely removed the finger and then pushed back in swiftly with another digit joining the other one.

“Hah,” Ron gasped in shock as he felt himself grow fuller suddenly. He moved his hips down every time that Draco slowly dragged his fingers out of his cunt, chasing the pleasurable feeling that shot through him. Soon, he was filled with all three of the fingers that his lover needed to stretch him so that he could take the other’s cock with minimal stretch. 

“Cum on my fingers, omega,” Draco ordered. He was just as out of breath as his lover was. Ron could feel his hard cock through their robes while Draco fucked him with his fingers.

“Okay,” he responded eloquently. He wrapped his arms around Draco’s shoulders as he brought their lips together in another kiss. He began to rub and thrust downward to meet the slow rhythm of the fingers inside of him. A bobbin wound in his stomach, threatening to spill at any moment as he got closer and closer to his orgasm. He began to release little whimpers as the pleasure overtook him, allowing all of the tense muscles to release. He shook with the force of his orgasm, his cunt tightly clenching down on the fingers that were taking their last draw out of his body.

“Good, good,” Draca cooed as his lips gently kissed up and down his neck and cheek. He held Ron tightly as the omega’s orgasm thoroughly recked him. “You did so well, I love you so much,” he praised as he rubbed the small of his courting partner’s back to help him relax again. 

“I’m good,” he answered after a moment when he had finally been able to collect himself and put the pieces back together. 

“You think you’re up for my cock?” Draco asked, rubbing against his omega as if to remind him about the hardened member still trapped under layers of cloth. 

“Yes,” Ron answered immediately without thinking twice.

“Someone’s certainly eager,” Draco chuckled as he returned to the powerful and dark alpha that he liked to play when they were intimate. Ron nodded in agreement, his words were once again stolen from him as he glanced down to see Draco’s nimble fingers pulling his thick cock from his pants. He rubbed over the head, causing pearly white precum to well up at the tip and run down the head. 

“You like that? You like watching me rub my hard cock with your slick?” he whispered into his ear before he removed the hand for a moment. He tugged his lover’s pants down enough to get access to his cunt before the hand returned and positioned the member up to the hole it ached to be inside of.

“I love you,” Ron murmured as he felt the head slip in between his folds and then breach his entrance. He made sure to relax his muscles instead of bracing for the stretch that he knew was coming.

“I love you,” Draco echoed. He had once gone on a two-hour rant about how adding the ‘too’ onto the end of the phrase made it sound disingenuous and dismissive. 

Draco slowly pushed in at first, not wanting anything to tear or hurt as he fucked into his lover. He let out a long and loud moan as he felt the heat envelope his cock. His sounds were accompanied by the hungry moans of his lover as he was finally well and properly filled.

“Imagine this when I’m in heat,” Ron mumbled against Draco’s neck as he felt both of the alpha’s hands grope his ass. The blond began to use his backside as leverage, bringing him up and off of his cock just as slowly as his fingers had moved before dropping him down hard and fast.

“Fuck, omega,” Draco swore something that was rarer for him, but not unheard of. The alpha often prided himself in speaking properly like the upperclassman that he had been raised to be.

“Shit, ah, please,” Ron mewled as he felt the cock head inside of him rotate while Draco shifted his hips around. He felt it circle perfectly around his cervix, sending pleasurable shocks through him. “Right there, please.”

“I love it when you beg,” Draco hissed as his own pleasure made it hard for himself to keep up the act that he had been presenting up until this point. He pulled out slowly and then thrust into him just as he squeezed his omega’s ass.

“Draco,” he whined as his back arched in the pleasure. Once again, the bobbin inside of his stomach wound up as he got closer and closer to his release. “I’m gonna cum, alpha, please,” he whined as he got closer and closer to his orgasm.

“Cum for me, omega,” Draco whispered into his ear as he connected their lips. He was nearing his own orgasm, which meant that they would cum together or one after another. 

Ron mewled into the kiss and bucked down for one final push of pleasure before his cunt tightened around Draco’s cock and all of his muscles tightened before they relaxed and then repeated the process while he orgasmed. The alpha grunted and thrust up into the omega the full way so that his balls were the one thing outside of his lover before he shot his load into him. Draco had to pull out quickly and place his hand around his knot as it swelled up with blood while his dick stayed hard for a few moments.

“Shit,” Ron cussed as he fell back against the wall, looking utterly wrecked as he caught his breath. He smiled the same dopey, goofy smile that he always sported. “I can’t wait until I can have your knot.”

“Oh? You like the idea of me fucking you hard, knotting you, and breeding you like a bitch during your heat?” Draco smirked devilishly. 

“Oh Hell yeah,” he nodded as he leaned in and kissed his lips gently. He then wiggled away from the alpha and grabbed his wand from inside of his jacket. He cast a couple of cleaning spells and a birth control spell that he had gotten rather talented at on himself.

Draco cast the same cleaning spells on himself before he tucked his wand away. He reached over and grabbed Ron’s tie, forcing him down and pressing another kiss to his lips. “One day, I’ll be able to fuck you like that and not have to leave immediately or hide away the evidence. And I can’t wait until that day,” he whispered reverently.

“Ron? Draco?” Hermione’s voice called from the down the darkened hallways.

“You two should already be on the other side of the castle,” Pansy said as the brown-haired beta next to her folded her arms across her chest.

“Yeah, we are, huh?” Ron chuckled weakly as he rubbed the back of his head nervously. “I guess we just got distracted.”

“Noisily,” the painting behind them huffed. His eyes were dark and menacing as he looked down at the two teenagers. They glanced at each other and blushed heavily before they quickly finishing gathering themselves back up and headed down the hall to finish their patrol of the castle.



WARNING: This one-shot contains graphic depictions of underage sex.

I hope that you enjoy this!
Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3


They were all shaken as they returned to the castle where most of their trauma was now rooted. They all had to repeat a year because no one had learned anything in the year that Snape had reigned as headmaster of the school. It was odd, being back in the place but without the imminent threat of doom lingering over their heads.

None of them had seen each other either, other than the Weasley’s and Harry, since the family of redheads had basically adopted him. Students quickly found each other as they boarded the train, crying as they embraced friends that felt so long lost. 

Ron and Harry were in the normal cart that they ended up sitting in as they waited for their third partner to join them. Harry had his omega curled up next to him and was threading his fingers through the thick red locks of the larger. Ron was releasing little purrs each time the fingers rubbed his scalp in a pleasurable way.

“You’ve already turned him into a puddle before I’ve even arrived,” Draco snorted as he opened the compartment door and walked into to get closer to his courting partners. They had started their relationship with him when they caught the alpha having a breakdown in the bathroom during their sixth year. Secrets had been spilled, a bond had been created, and now they were inseparable. Their friend groups had joined to an extent, with Hermione and Pansy getting along like a house on fire. Blaise had gotten a lot better when he broke away from his abusive family, but Goyle refused to even look at his old friend anymore.

All children of Death Eaters had been pardoned from any crimes that they had committed, but they were heavily monitored and looked after in case any of them took after their parents. 

“Hey,” Harry smiled brightly as he saw his favorite alpha in the world.

“Draco,” Ron crooned with a dopey grin sliding onto his face.

“I’ve missed you, idiots,” he murmured just loud enough for them to hear as he rushed over and kissed them both silly.

“Hope we’re not interrupting anything,” Pansy’s disapproving rang through the cart as she and her mate arrived. They had obviously visited over the summer seeing as Hermione had a mating mark high up on her neck. Alphas marked higher than omegas and betas did, to prove to everyone that their mate was owned by them.

“Don’t act like you weren’t snogging Granger all Summer, Pansy,” Draco quipped back as he sat down in the seat on the other side of his omega. His arm easily slung back behind the ginger, pulling him as close as Harry would allow. Ron was smiling widely, looking like the cat that just got the cream.

“You know you can call me Hermione, right? I mean, we’re a pack,” she sighed, shaking her head as she and Pansy took the seats across from them.

“I suppose. Granger just seems to fit you so much better,” he shrugged nonchalantly. He would never disclose the real reason to her, but both of his courting partners gave him a knowing look. 

“Ugh, all this cuddling is going to make me puke,” Blaise poked a finger into his mouth and fake gagged as he entered the compartment. He shut the door behind them and locked it. He grabbed his wand to begin casting the normal charms before he suddenly remembered that they had nothing to hide any longer and let the stick of magical wood drop back down into his robes.

“Changed already? Jeans aren’t that bad,” Draco smirked at his friend’s obvious hatred of the muggle clothing that he had had to wear. They had been staying with muggle families in a foster system to ‘keep them out of trouble.’ Most of the muggles that they had been housed with either had magical people in the family or were Squibbs, so it was easier to transition with their help.

“For you, maybe. Then again, you did wear that pink skirt for a week on a dare,” the taller alpha chuckled as he sat down in his seat and began to toy with the hem of his robes.

“You did what?” Ron asked, his eyes lighting up with the same mischief that was often found in his twin brother’s eyes.

“Nothing,” he said quickly, shooting a glare at his friend. Pansy hid her laughter smartly behind her hand, looking out the window so that looked a bit less suspicious and thus was less like to have the wrath-of-Malfoy brought down upon her. 

Ron pouted as he leaned on his alpha, making desperate puppy eyes that Draco pretended not to see. 

They spent the rest of the train ride laughing and joking with each other, something that they hadn’t done over the summer. They had all been in intensive therapy, Draco even spending some time in the mental ward of Saint Mungos. When they got to the school, they had all already changed and filed in. Draco spent some time hugging and kissing his mates in the dark shadows of the room outside of the Great Hall before they had to enter and go their separate ways.

It was magical, literally, how quickly they had fixed Hogwarts from the rumble that it had been turned into after the gruesome battle. They found their seats among their tables and watched as McGonagall got up and began the headmaster's speech. She gave them a couple of updates on things that would happen this year before she let the sorting hat sing its song and then sort the new students into their houses.

Draco ate as quickly as he could, his eyes darting over to where his courting partners were sitting at their table. He had often turned jealous of Harry by how close the other alpha could be to their omega since they were sorted into the same house. This time, all he wanted was to be close to both of them. He had been away from them for so long that every minute that passed was something close to torture, which he knew a lot about. 

They were released from the Great Hall around nine, which meant that the younger students were exhausted and hysterical. Draco was able to find his courting partners quickly. 

“Hey,” Ron purred eagerly as he turned around to hug the alpha. His nose immediately pressed into his scent gland as he took in the smell of lime ice cream. 

“You’re certainly eager,” he chuckled as he wound his finger’s through the omega’s hair. He turned to the side and kissed Harry’s lips gently. 

“Do you want to find somewhere quiet for us to go? I think the Slytherin seventh year dorm room should be empty for a while if you two want to do something a bit more intimate than snogging in a hallway,” Draco rambled nervously. Despite having been dating the two of them for more than a year at this point, he was still more skittish than ever.

Ron seemed intrigued by the prospect of sex and removed his head from where it was buried in Draco’s neck. “Can we try that thing we talked about? Please?” he asked hopefully.

“Are you sure? You’ve only ever had me before,” Harry said worriedly as he touched Ron’s waist.

“Not true,” he scoffed. “Before you and I got together I had Krum and then after that, I had Lavender. And no offense to either of you, but Krum was big.”

“Rude,” Draco scoffed will a small roll of his eyes. “But yes, I would be fine with doing the thing that we talked about. Now let’s go so we can actually do it instead of just scaring all of the first years before they’ve even spent their first night here.”

Ron giggled hysterically and threaded his fingers together with the pale, nimble ones of his blond alpha and then reached his hand out to Harry. The darker-skinned alpha smiled softly, in the way that he only did for them as he took the hand. The three of them hurried down the hall, ignoring the looks that they got from the other students. They quickly got into the Slytherin common room and then followed after Draco got them to the seventh year dorm rooms. 

Ron eagerly grinned and rushed to the bed, flinging himself back onto it. “So soft,” he giggled before he sat up and looked at both of his alphas with an expectant expression. 

“Such an eager omega,” Draco chuckled as he stalked closer to his courting partner. “How long have you been fantasizing about this?” he asked curiously.

“Longer than I want to think about,” he answered truthfully.

“Such a dirty omega,” Harry growled deeply into his ear as he crawled on the bed behind the ginger. “I bet you told us about those other alphas just to make us jealous so that we would fuck you harder, didn’t you?”

Draco shuddered at the filthy words that were spilling out of the Boy Who Lived. The blond had heard the words before when they had the time to be intimate with each other, but it had been so long since he had. His cock grew hard in his pants, making him shift around to try and find a way to relieve the uncomfortable pressure.

“Fuck,” Ron swore, slick oozing out of him and making the air around them smell like sex and his pumpkin spice scent. 

“Strip for us,” Draco commanded, though not using his Command so that there was still a choice for his lover. Ron eagerly obeyed and began to shed his clothes, tossing them haphazardly over the bed and onto the floor. As he did that, Draco turned and began to shut the curtains around the bed while Harry cast some spells to make sure that they wouldn’t be found and no one would hear them. 

“Mm,” Ron moaned as he began to toy with his bouncy pec-like breasts. Harry caught the hand and removed it from his breast, replacing it with his mouth enveloping his nipple instead. 

“Harry,” he whined, bracing himself on the bed with his elbows to prop him up.

“Don’t make him cum before we even get inside him, idiot,” Draco scolded as he swatted his boyfriend’s arm and made him pull off of the omega. Harry gave him a bashful smile and a quick peck on the lips as a way to apologize at turning their omega on even more. 

“I’ll take the back so that you can see his face when he comes,” the dark-haired alpha said as he moved behind their omega. His hands gently caressed every bit of Ron that he could reach, which wrung out little moans and whines from him. 

“Sound good to you, beautiful?” Draco asked as he crawled on top of his courting partner and began to kiss his neck.

“Get naked first please,” he complained, reaching up to tug on the perfectly tied tie around Draco’s neck.

“Oops,” Harry laughed as he pulled away from the omega and began to shed his clothing as well. Draco rolled his eyes and grabbed his wand, casting a quick charm to remove his clothing and fold it into a neat pile at the end of his bed. He watched Harry struggle to get his clothing off with how distracted he was for a few seconds before he cast the same spell on him. 

Harry then moved to the top of the bed and moved around the pillows before he leaned back against them. His cock stood tall and proud, the beginnings of a knot already forming at the base as pearly white cum rolled down the engorged member.

“Fuck,” Ron swore as he crawled over. He placed a leg on either side of Harry’s hips, still facing towards the other alpha’s direction. He brought one hand down to grasp the base of the cock as he lifted his hips into the air. He lined Harry up with his cunt and then sunk to the hilt. 

“Ron!” Harry groaned, as his hands immediately flew up to his hips and held him there as they both let the huge wave of pleasure wash over them and then dissipate. 

“I just stretch you like I would Harry?” Draco asked nervously as he crawled over to his courting partners. His hands nervously hovered in the air just above Ron’s already filled opening. There was just a bit of room, enough for a finger or two at the moment but certainly not enough for Draco’s cock.

“Yeah,” Ron nodded as he leaned back against Harry’s chest. The dark-haired alpha wrapped their omega up in a hug and began to kiss and lick at his scent gland while they waited for Draco to begin his part of the process.

“Tell me if I hurt you, beautiful,” Draco mumbled, his palms sweating as his nerves began to gnaw away at his stomach. He had done scarier things than finger his partner, why was he so nervous? He shook it off and brought Ron in for a nipping, biting filled kiss to help him calm down.

When he pulled back and grasped the base of his cock, feeling once again how hard he was as he watched Ron sit there, full of Harry’s hard cock. Draco smirked, regaining his normal confidence as he slipped one of his fingers in. He quickly thrust in and out before he ran his finger around the cock as far as he could reach without anything getting awkward.

He did this for a good deal of time before he inserted a second finger and repeated the process.

“I want you so bad,” Ron whined as he rocked down onto the fingers and cock deep inside of him.

“You’ll get me soon enough, calm down,” Draco soothed, kissing his jawline as he inserted the third finger and fucked him with that until he was sure that there was enough give for his dick.

“You ready for him, baby?” Harry asked as he kissed his best friend’s shoulder.

“Mhm, please,” he nodded, spreading his legs more so that he could invite the alpha to fuck him.

“Smells so good,” Draco whispered huskily as he lined his cock up with the now thoroughly stretched hole. He pushed in slowly, inch by inch until he was fully seated inside of his courting partner.

“Alpha! Oh God, oh fuck,” Ron moaned as he was filled with both cocks of his alphas. “Mate me.”

“Woah, that’s a big step,” Harry mumbled through his pleasure at feeling the friction of Draco entering rubbing against his member.

“Please,” he pleaded. Draco was the first to make a move, pulling out of the omega slowly and then thrusting in as he bit down on the sensitive scent gland of the omega. He had been thinking about a way to ask them to become his mates for a while now, and now that he didn’t have to he wasn’t going to pass up the chance.

“Fuck!” he swore, tossing his head to the side as he began to bounce on the cock inside of him. That meant that he got to set the pace and Draco and Harry didn’t have to worry about starting a rhythm with thrusting.

Draco pulled his teeth out of the omega’s neck and licked at the now tender flesh before he exposed his neck. Ron leaned in and bit down on his scent gland, making the lime ice cream scent blend with that of pumpkin spice.

Harry bit into the omega’s neck while Ron was mating with Draco. He thrust up and let out a weak grunt as he shot his load into the omega. “Fuck, gonna knock you up with how much cum I’m shooting into you. My filthy breeding bitch,” he hissed into his ear, knowing what those words did to his boyfriend.

Ron nearly screamed as he clenched down around them and orgasmed around their cocks, sending Draco over the edge and allowing his load to mix with Harry’s inside of their omega.

The three of them sat there as they rode out their orgasms and then basked in the afterglow for a little while. Draco pulled out first and grabbed his wand to clean himself up and then he turned back to his mates. Ron had removed Harry from inside of himself and was watching the pearly white cum as it slowly dripped out of him and onto the sheets below.

“Fuck, that’s hot,” Draco whispered as he watched Ron reach inside of himself with two fingers and cause more of the substance to spill out of his now comically loose cunt.

“Looks like someone has a new kink, eh?” Harry jeered as he cast the cleanup spell on himself before he moved behind Draco and bit into his neck. The blond alpha let out a strangled moan as he threw his head back in pleasure.

Their omega cleaned himself up before he watched his alphas mate each other. When they had all finished marking each other and making out, they wormed their way under the covers and cuddled there. The scent of pumpkin spice, lime ice cream, and black licorice hung heavy in the air while it covered up the smell of sex and slick.



WARNINGS: Mpreg, Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, discussion of abortion (briefly), pregnancy


The air of the house was still, but not uncomfortably so. It felt like when dozing off in a field of grass under the midsummer sun, just floating along with the breeze as thoughts drift in and out of existence. The occupants of the house were content to just exist in each other’s presence and, for once, allow the heinous memories that they had collected to finally drift away instead of the nightly resurfacing that occurred. Thus was the plight of war heroes.

Draco was sitting in his favorite armchair, back straight and proper as he flipped another page in his lengthy muggle novel. This one had been a Christmas gift to Harry, but he hadn’t been interested in it like his husband had so he had allowed the other alpha to tackle the monstrous book before he did. One of the many cats that they had adopted was curled up on the top of the chair, her paws tucked securely under her as her tail slowly swished back and forth. She was purring softly as she watched her owners interact with one another.

Harry and Ron were both on the couch, bundled up in the same quilt that Molly gave that as a housewarming gift so many years ago when they moved back into Grimmauld Place. The house was closer to their styles now, of course. They had even been able to get some of the more obnoxious portraits taken down and placed into storage.

Draco let out an irritated sigh and shifted positions in his chair again. 

“Alright,” Harry snapped as he turned off the game that he had been playing on his phone. Their home didn’t contain the amount of raw magic that Hogwarts had and thus they could use muggle technology without running the risk of it burning out. 

“Hmm?” Draco asked, looking up from the book while acting like he had been reading it in the first place. 

“That’s the third time that you’ve sighed like that in the past ten minutes. I also haven’t heard you turn a page in your book in a long time. Something’s on your mind,” the other alpha explained. His fingers moved to card through Ron’s hair, something that they both did whenever they got nervous or stressed when holding their mate. 

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he lied quickly.

“Bullshit,” Harry swore. “Spill.”

“I’m concerned,” Draco finally admitted. He pursed his lips and quickly placed his bookmark inside of the novel he had been reading. He turned to the side and placed it onto the end table tucked close to the chair and the couch.

“About?” Harry prompted, unable to do anything with the limited information that he had been given. “People aren’t giving you havoc at work again, are they? I can always ask ‘Mione to do another one of those press conference thingies.”

“No, no. Nothing is happening at work that I haven’t grown used to,” he replied quickly. Harry made an upset noise in the back of his throat at the thought of his mate being treated badly just because of choices that were made for him as a child.

“Draco-” Harry began, shifting enough to make their omega stir. Ron wrapped his arms a bit tighter around his mate and cuddled into him. 

“I don’t want to get into that fight right now,” Draco huffed. “I’m concerned about Ron if you must know.”

“Why are you worried about him?” Harry asked, his brows furrowing together which caused the scar on his forehead to pull and crease oddly.

“He’s been acting weird,” he replied uninformatively.

“Like..?” Harry asked, motioning one of his hands in a circle to try and pull a more in-depth answer out of his lover.

“This morning he spent seven minutes scenting me before I went to go to work,” he replied.

“He’s been a little more clingy lately but I just thought that it was coming off from his heat.”

“His heat was two months ago, idiot,” he snapped. Draco winced, took a deep breath and then spoke again. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you like that. I’m just worried.”

“It’s okay,” Harry said in a soft voice. “I think I’ve noticed some things too. The other day he was just on the couch, crying.”

“He’s been having more mood swings than normal, so I don’t think this is just his cycle either,” Draco said. He held his chin with one hand, covering up his delicate mouth with his lanky fingers. 

“Perhaps we should ask him about it,” Draco said thoughtfully.

“That would probably be a smart decision,” Harry nodded. He poked his mate in the side, making the omega let out an unhappy noise. He wiggled to the side, trying to evade the tickling appendage.

“Ron, baby,” Harry cooed, shaking his shoulder a small bit to avoid getting kicked to unintentionally slapped again. 

“What?” he asked, grumpy as he had been woken up.

“We need to have a serious talk with you, love,” Draco replied, making sure that his tone was casual enough that the omega wouldn’t immediately panic.

“About?” he yawned while rubbing an eye as he sat up. 

“Some things that have been worrying us lately,” Draco replied, shooting Harry a glance.

“You’ve been acting kind of weird and we’re just worried about you,” the other alpha replied as he helped the omega resituate. Ron slid onto his knees, sitting down by Harry’s feet. Harry moved so that he was sitting with his feet on the wood floor that had been warmed by the fire crackling away in the stone fireplace. Ron moved forward and clunkily slid into his mate’s lap. He placed his head down on Harry’s shoulder and gave a wide yawn before he looked at them both expectantly.

“What?”

Draco laughed, allowing some of the worry to slip away from him. “We should be the ones asking that, love. Are you going to tell us what’s been going on?”

“I didn’t know that I was acting any different than I normally do,” he replied with a shrug.

“You’ve been clingier, and sleepier, and more emotional,” Harry replied, one hand moving down to trace patterns over the other man’s leg. 

“Not that those are bad, but it’s just not the normal behavior we see coming from you,” Draco quickly added as he saw the upset look that their omega had adopted for a moment. 

“I guess I’ve been feeling a little different,” Ron hummed. “I can see Mum and talk to her about it tomorrow,” he yawned again and cuddled into Harry. The alphas shared a look and let it go, seeing as that was the best response they were going to get from the omega for quite some time.

The next morning, Ron got up after both of the alphas had. He hadn’t gotten around to getting hired for work yet despite his training having ended a couple of months ago. He figured that there was no rush since they had more than enough money from Harry and Draco’s inheritance as well as the money that they brought in from their jobs.

He smiled to himself as he thought about how traditionally omega that sounded. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to work, well, of course, he didn’t, but he kind of liked being taken care of by his mates. He knew that they liked it as well since something deeply primal within them told them that they needed to do this to prove to Ron that they were worthy of being his mates.

He wandered around the house, getting something to eat and his morning coffee before he settled at the table to read today’s paper. Things had gotten a lot duller now that the largest menace in the Wizarding World had finally been vanquished, which brought forth a sense of tranquility and peacefulness.

Ron sighed as he glanced down at his empty plate and mug. He knew that the lack of things to do meant that he would have to go and see his mother since he no longer had any excuses to not. He growled slightly to himself as he carried the dishes to the sink. 

The omega walked to the bedroom as slowly as he could, thoughts of his mother’s reaction to what he had begun to suspect was ailing him rushing through his mind as he walked through the house. He stopped in front of the nightstand for a moment before he shook the thoughts from his head and grabbed his wand. He paused, remembering what his childhood house looked likely as vividly as possible in his mind as he Apparated.

He opened his eyes, and immediately nausea swam across his vision. He turned to the side and gagged before bile and his breakfast forced their way back up. When he had finished, flashes of slugs coming and going as they always did whenever he threw up, he wiped his mouth on the back of his hand. He murmured a couple of spells to clean his teeth and get rid of the stink of sick from his breath.

He set forward on wobbly legs to try and get down the long drive to where his house lay in the middle of the field. He approached the door and raised his hand to knock a couple of the times before he finally swallowed down his fears and the small bit of bile left in his stomach.

As soon as his fist had connected with the wood twice, the door flew open. “Ron!” Molly grinned as she took her son’s hands in her own. “How lovely to see you,” she grinned as she led him inside. She shut the door and then wrapped her arms around him, scenting him to cover her son back in the maternal scent that wore off every time he left.

“Hey Mum,” he smiled, relaxing into the hold.

“Unca Ron!” a small voice screeched from the living room before the omega was attacked with tiny appendages wrapping his leg into a hug. The older man giggled as he leaned down and scooped up the toddler.

“Hey, how you doing, kiddo?” he asked as he sat Fred down snuggly on his hip. 

“I good. I get to see Grandma with Papa and Mama!” Fred giggled, smiling big.

“Sorry about him attacking you with no warning. We’re working on it,” Oliver said as he got up from one of the multiple couches and chairs in the living room and walked over.

“It’s okay,” Ron chuckled as he handed the toddler back over to his father.

“I wasn’t expecting you to arrive until you and the boys came over for Sunday dinner. Is everything alright?” Molly asked worriedly. 

“I uh, actually had some questions to ask you,” he replied, his ears burning bright as he realized what he was doing and all of the implications behind it.

“Why don’t you come and sit down with me then?” the older omega offered, walking him through the house and pulling a chair out of their long dining room table. He sat down and nervously began to trace the lower scars on his arm from the attack at the Ministry during their fifth year.

“So Mum,” he started, nervous butterflies shooting through him. “How do I know if I’m pregnant?”

“This sounds like a question for me too,” George untangled himself from the messy pile of legs that was his small family and walked over to face his omega brother while standing behind their mother. 

“Well, it’s been quite some time since I was pregnant, so maybe you would be more equipped to answer this question,” Molly chuckled as she looked back at her beta son.

“I knew I was pregnant with Fred when I started puking every morning. All the pamphlets you read about pregnancy say that scenting helps lessen it but that didn’t stop me from throwing up every time I smelled leather,” George rambled.

“Have you been having symptoms that could mean pregnancy?” Molly asked curiously.

“Uh, yeah,” he nodded, the blush traveling from the tips of his ears down to his cheeks. “Apparently I’ve been really clingy to the alphas and been having mood swings and fatigue without noticing it.”

“Sounds like pregnancy to me. Have you taken the test?” Molly asked, fiddling with her wand in her apron in apprehension.

“No,” he admitted, shaking his head. He groaned slightly at the excitement that overtook his mother’s face as she finally grasped her wand and brought it out of the pocket that it had been tucked into.

“I get to see my grandbaby for the first time already!” she grinned. “Pull up your shirt,” she instructed. Ron did as he was told and leaned back in the kitchen chair that he was sitting in so that his mother would have more access to his stomach. She carefully and meticulously recited the spell words as she waved her wand slowly over his abdomen. 

Ron gasped in pride and excitement as he saw a yellow haze drift up from his still flat stomach, revealing a tiny, alien-looking shape that was his baby. “Fuck,” he swore.

“Ronald!” Ginny mimicked their mother as she walked into the house from the backyard entrance. She still lived with their now aging parents, even though they all visited each other often. “Wait, what the Hell is that?”

“Our brother is pregnant,” George laughed. 

“Congrats!” Oliver called from the living room where he was still playing with his four-year-old son. 

Emotions swirled into a muddled puddle in his head, creating a sort of fog that made it hard to figure out what he was feeling, why, and what he should do about it. 

“Let’s give him a bit of space,” Molly sighed as she recognized the look on her son’s face. She helped him stand up, tucked his shirt back over his belly and led him to what used to be Bill’s room. Ron collapsed down onto the bed, staring down at the floor with unfocused eyes. Molly just sat next to him, holding his hand as she let him work through all of the emotions that came with learning about a pregnancy for the first time.

Ron was excited, of course, he was. He had always wanted to be a mother and he couldn’t think of anyone he wanted to do it with more than Harry and Draco. 

But there was also a bit of fear that came with that. He knew that both of his mates had issues with the idea of parenthood and their parents. What if they didn’t want the baby? Would they leave Ron and the baby to fend for themselves?

There was also a sense of pride that he got from the instinctual want to provide his alphas with as many children as they desired. This was something all omegas and betas felt when expecting and even afterward since they were fulfilling their biological purpose. 

A bit of disappointment lingered in the back of his mind as he realized that half of the things that he had wanted to do were now impossible. There was no way that he was going to be able to travel all over the world like he had wanted to with a baby. He also wasn’t sure that working would be an option now that he had a little one on the way and even after. The idea of someone else watching after his kid didn’t sit well with him. 

“I need to tell Harry and Draco,” he said after a good deal of processing time. 

“That you do,” Molly chuckled. She patted his hand twice and stood up from the bed. 

He followed after her lead and walked with her as she went to get the floo powder. It was a common known fact that Apparition and pregnancy tended not to mix well and should be avoided if at all possible. He grabbed a handful of the ashy substance after giving quick hugs to his siblings and nephew. He threw it in the fireplace and clearly announced where he wanted to go before he walked in. 

“Ron? Is that you?” Draco asked from where he was trying to make dinner without assistance. He had a bet going with Hermione’s mate, Pansy, that he could cook more competently made meals that she could in the month and thus spent most of his time in the mornings and evenings in the kitchen. 

“Yeah,” Ron called as he stepped out of the fireplace. He dusted off his clothing for a moment before he rolled his eyes at his stupidity. He grabbed his wand out of the pocket and cast a quick spell over himself. Luckily, the floo travel didn’t seem to have the same nauseating effect on him that the Apparition did. 

“Why did you floo?” Harry asked from where he was seated on the counter. He was nursing a cup of Earl Grey tea, which meant that his day at work had been rather challenging since he felt the extra relaxer was necessary. 

“Just something,” he replied, knowing that the alphas would immediately see that something was wrong.

“Ron,” Draco said, worry ebbing its way into his normally monotonous tone. “Something’s wrong. I promise that whatever it is we’ll be able to get through it.”

“Yeah, we all survived the Second Wizarding War, so I’m pretty sure we can tackle something like a sickness,” Harry grinned wickedly. 

“What if it’s a little more serious than sickness?” he asked. He walked around the other side of the counter and leaned on it with his arms folded in front of him. He had to try very hard to make sure that the worried cinnamon scent building in his neck scent gland didn’t leak out and give just how terrified he was away.

“You’re not dying, are you?” Draco asked. He finished cooking whatever they were having for dinner and wiped his hands off on the joke apron Harry got him for Christmas last year.

“No,” he quickly said, shaking his head to soothe the alphas' worried looks. He knew that there was some amount of risk for him and the baby that could lead to death, but none of them were very likely if the alphas stuck around through the pregnancy. “Not dying. But it is something kind of life-altering.”

“Oh?” Harry asked as he raised his mug to his lips and took a long sip of the hot tea inside.

“I- uh,” he hummed, trying to work up the courage inside of him. Draco walked over to the other side of the counter and grabbed his hand. He held them there for a moment, making sure the omega was looking him in the eyes before he brought his mate’s hands to his mouth and kissed them both.

“We love you. We want to support you and be there for you, no matter what life throws our way, alright?” he said, his voice calm and soft as he spoke. He had a kind of adoration in his eyes that only someone in the deepest kind of love could have. 

“I’m pregnant,” he blurted, his eyes wide. Panic surged through him, causing his heart to leap into his throat. He can feel his pulse rushing through his entire body as he glances between the alphas. They both seem to be frozen in place, processing the information that just lept out of his mouth. 

Harry only snaps out of his trance when the mug of tea in his hands slips out and clatters to the floor. It doesn’t break since all of their belongings have a couple dozen charms that prevent breakage. The tea spills everywhere, coloring the bright tile into a musty color with the liquid. “Shit,” the alpha swore. He slid off of the counter and grabbed some paper towels to wipe up the mess while Draco shook himself from his frozen processing.

“You’re pregnant?” he repeated. He dropped Ron’s hands, which tipped the omega over the edge. He began to sob as he nodded, tears rushing down his freckled face and dropping down onto his shirt or rolling down onto his neck. He took a shuddering breath and wasn’t able to keep the terrified scent back any longer. The kitchen filled with his cinnamon scent, which now contained an underlying milk scent, which was his body’s natural way of showing his pregnancy. 

“Oh, baby,” Harry cooed as he Draco both rushed over to embrace their mate. Harry hugged him from behind and Draco went from the front. The blond wrapped his arms tightly around his mate’s hips, holding him close while Harry’s arms wound around his shoulders. Ron pressed his face into Draco’s shoulder, letting the tears rush out of him. Both alphas rubbed up against him, releasing their scent to try and calm him down. 

It was a good ten minutes before the omega managed to reign his emotions back in and finally stopped crying. Draco gently lifted his face up and brought their lips together for a brief kiss before he turned back to the kitchen. “I think we should all sit down to dinner and discuss it at the table.”

“Yeah. We’ve gotta take extra good care of our omega now too,” Harry grinned as he rubbed their scent glands together once more. “I’ll bring you a plate, okay?”

“‘Kay,” the omega nodded as he turned and walked the short way to their personal dining room table. He sat down and sniffled a couple more times before Harry placed the plate of food down in front of him. His stomach growled loudly, showing how famished he was. They ate in a pregnant silence for a couple of moments, letting their stomachs get some bits of food so that no one was starving before they began to talk.

“Do you want to keep the baby?” Ron asked, fidgeting nervously in his seats. He had only known about the baby for less than a couple hours, but the idea of not having the pup in his life was already distressing him.

“Yes!” both of his mates said quickly.

“Ron, I grew up in a horrible house. My aunt and uncle were abusive and mean, but I always knew that I wanted a big family. When your mom basically took me in, it was the best thing that had ever happened to me. I loved being around all of your siblings and cousins and all the little kids when they came over. It was awesome,” Harry grinned. His emerald eyes sparkled with love as his face split into a bright grin. “This pup is the start of our big family!”

“And we’ll have to get right along and give them a sibling,” Draco continued, hiding a smile behind his napkin as he pretended to wipe his mouth. 

“I can’t believe that you just accepted the pup that easily,” he laughed. 

“Why wouldn’t we? We’re your mates. We want to be with you through everything and have a family with you,” Harry said happily. 

Ron smiled as he watched the alphas eagerly talk back and forth about baby showers, a nursery, ultrasounds, muggle birth or wizard, and everything else under the sun regarding babies. He knew that they would take good care of him during his pregnancy. A fluttering came from his chest, reminding him just how much he liked the two boys in front of him. Nothing could ever replace them, and he was more than just a little excited to be adding to their little family.



WARNINGS: Mentions of war, homophobia, death, and abuse

“I hate doing this,” Severus complained as they crouched down against the wall to hide from the prefects walking past them.

“Hush,” James hissed, shooting his boyfriend a pointed look. They waited for an extra minute after the footsteps had passed and then began to walk again, heading through the empty halls. 

“You’re a Prefect, why can’t we just walk through the halls like you’re doing something with me?” Severus asked as they stood up and had to continue walking.

“Sevy, don’t you think that this is more fun?” James teased as he raised the invisibility cloak over his head just a little bit more. 

“No, I really don’t,” he grumbled bitterly. “My arms are tired and I was promised something a lot more fun than sneaking through the halls.”

“You’ll get it, baby, I promise,” he laughed, turning underneath the cloak and pressing a quick kiss to his cheek. 

“There’s another promise that you won’t be able to keep while we’re sneaking through the halls like a couple of interlopers,” Severus grumbled under his breath.

“It’s not that bad,” James laughed, his voice coming out breathy and nearly silent as he didn’t dare disturb the silence of the echoing maze of halls more than he had to.

“Whatever you say, Potter,” he replied with a small smile that he was trying to hide. His stomach fluttered with the emotions overwhelming him. He did adore the other teen, even if he was bad at healthily showing his emotions. Lily had helped with that before their falling out over the aforementioned status between him and James.

“Turn,” James whispered, reaching back behind him. He grasped his boyfriend’s hand and helped him turn down the one last hallway before they reached their goal. James stood to his full height so that he was able to grab his wand from inside his robes. He murmured the spell, keeping quiet as the lock inside of the door opened for them. The taller of the two boys reached out and opened the old oak door, revealing a small terrace that they had found after they had first started dating.

Severus smiled and uncovered himself. The silky fabric of the invisibility cloak cascaded off of his hands and fingers, falling onto the ground. He walked through the doorway and onto the terrace, taking in the familiar and comforting sight. They had spread out a couple of thick blankets that had come off of both of their beds. The pillows had been a little harder, but they had transfigured a couple of random objects that no one would notice was missing. The entire location had been made perfect for them, as a little sanctuary where they could finally be themselves. 

“Hey there,” James chuckled as he shut and locked the door behind him. He walked over to his boyfriend and wrapped his arms around the other teen’s too-thin waist. His lips found a comfortable location on his neck, pecking and nipping at the porcelain skin there.

“If you leave another mark on my neck James Potter, I swear it will be the last thing you do,” he warned, though his threat was empty as always.

“But your skin is so perfect. It’s not fair,” James whined, nipping once more. Severus shuddered and released a happy noise as he exposed his neck without thinking about it.

“Maybe you should stop being such a jealous git, huh?” he offered with a laugh as he pulled out of his boyfriend’s arms. He cold night air bit at his nose and the spot on his neck where the absence of heat was felt more strongly than elsewhere. He drifted closer to the wall before he found his favorite spot to lay. He toed off his shoes, placing them near the door before he sat down on the plush blankets and pillows. 

James sat down next to him and slung an arm lazily over his shoulders, successfully bringing him in closer.

“I wish that this could be easier,” Severus whispered.

“What? Sneaking through the halls at night? ” James chuckled.

“No, idiot,” the other teen rolled his eyes. “Us. Dating.”

“Oh,” he nodded in understanding. “I suppose it could always be worse.”

“How?” Severus asked, his voice filled with annoyance as he turned to face the other teen.

“One of us could be a werewolf and the other from a pureblood house?” he replied.

“Fine,” the Slytherin conceded, snuggling back into his position next to the other teen. “You got me there.”

“And, hey, if this lasts, maybe we can go live with muggles. I heard that they’re a lot more accepting of people like us,” James grinned wickedly.

“Unless we all die in this stupid war,” he muttered, turning to bury his head into James’ shoulder.

“Don’t talk like that, please,” he murmured. “I have to believe that we’ll all make it out okay and I won’t lose anyone important to me. I don’t think I’ll be able to keep going if I lose any of you.”

“James…” Severus whispered, sitting up on his knees to be able to look over the other teen. “I want to be able to tell you that everything will turn out fine and we can go to having a white picket fence life, but the reality is that my mother will force me into the Death Eaters and we’ll end up fighting at some point.”

“I don’t want to believe that,” he mumbled, staring down at his hands. “I don’t want to think about hurting you, or any of the other kids at this school even if they are pricks.”

“I don’t know what to tell you,” he replied simply. He still wasn’t good with emotions.

“Then don’t tell me,” James whispered, he shifted in his spot so that he was leaning back against a wall with some pillows propping him up. He grabbed his boyfriend gently, guiding the smaller teen to sit on top of him. One of his calloused hands reached up, cupping his cheek. He leaned up slightly, connecting their lips.

Severus laughed, smiling enough that they had to pull back from the brief kiss. Their foreheads remained pressed together as they did that. The Slytherin remembered the grave situation that they had been wedged into and frowned before he leaned in again.

Their lips began to move back and forth in the familiar rhythm that allowed them to forget about the raging war outside of this tranquil piece of the world.



WARNINGS: Death, mentions of abuse, betrayal, and heavy angst/heartbreak.

It felt impossible, Severus mused. Both of his lovers, gone. 

When James had died it had hurt just a little bit less since the two had been driven so far apart. The Gryffindor had been forced into a heteronormative marriage by his parents who had expected such things from him. That, of course, meant that the relationship he had with Severus and Sirius couldn’t continue any longer. 

When Severus found out that James had died he had been utterly and completely crushed. It felt like someone had carved his heart out of his chest slowly, digging the knife through the skin and muscle before cracking apart his ribcage. He could nearly feel the invisible hand wrapped around his heart, squeezing until nothing was left other than utter hatred for the one thing that had killed him. 

He knew that it was wrong to hate the boy since he had no control over when he was born or attracting the attention of the Dark Lord. Despite this, Severus was always overcome with hatred and resentment when he laid eyes upon the boy. This had been the reason that he hadn’t taken him in like Albus had suggested he did. (A smaller part of him knew that he wouldn’t be able to care for the boy like he deserved with the kind of dangerous double-agent lifestyle that he led.)

On top of the death of his best friend and one of the loves of his life, there had been the betrayal of the other. He had heard about what Sirius had done mere hours after learning of James' death, which had added another layer of hatred onto the already festering and untamed mess. 

He wasn’t a good person, he had known that for so many years. The abuse he dealt out to his students was too close to what he had been given at home as a child for him to think that he was anything resembling a model citizen. Even though he knew that he was a worthless nothing that didn’t deserve love, seeing his ex-boyfriend so close with his old friend made his blood boil. He had originally set out to help Remus since the two of them had gotten along rather well back when they were all in school, but then he had gone and crossed over a plethora of lines. His revenge was petty and uncalled for, which was why he never heard from Sirius even after the man had gotten safely back to his house.

When Sirius died, it was even harder since he had seen the other more recently and learned the truth about what happened. On top of the hurt that came with losing someone that you loved more than the world, it had also come with waves of regret for what he had felt when Sirius was locked away in Azkaban. 

But now they were both dead and there was nothing that Severus could do to make up for the stupid actions that he had taken to make them both hate him. Wherever they were now, he knew that there was no way for them to ever forgive him. 

He laughed internally, his lips unable to open now that the blood oozing from inside of him had dried enough to seal them together. If he had something important to say he knew that he could use some of the last of his energy to pry open his mouth and force his vocal cords to work. He had been alone in life, and now he would be alone in death because of what he had chosen to do in his life. Though, alone didn’t sound too bad since he guessed that he deserved it. He didn’t want to be with anyone other than James and Sirius, and neither of them would ever want to have anything to do with him after what he had done to those that they loved.

Severus saw the world around him begin to fade as his vision went fuzzy, like all those times that he had collapsed from exhaustion after staying up to keep the nightmares away. They had helped with them, allowing him to get the much-needed recharge that his body desired.

The last of his energy finally ebbed away until he felt his heart slow and slow until the beat stopped.



I'm so sorry that this took so long to come out. I didn't plan on it being as long as it turned out to be, but the story just kept going. I hope that you enjoy it and it's everything that you wanted!

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3



Sirius had some omega perched on his lap. Her skirt was pulled up high around her waist and folded over enough times that it barely covered her thighs, nothing even remotely in the dress-code of the school. She had her arm around his shoulders and was leaning back against the window while putting her legs out as she pretended to fall back. He had his nose in her scent gland, which wasn’t covered by the required scent blocker so that things like this wouldn’t happen. 

Just the thought of it in more depth than before made me grit my teeth while trying not to shout at them. This wasn’t the first omega or beta that Sirius had brought back to the dormitory this week, and she wouldn’t be the last no matter what she thought. I hated seeing the man that I desired moving from bitch to bitch just to get some quick fix. 

If I didn’t have the self-control I would give in to every stereotype that was branded onto werewolves and make sure that they weren’t able to put their arms around anyone like that ever again.

Finally, I decided that I had had enough of watching Sirius flirt with some bimbo. I slammed my book shut and stood up. I made sure that he saw the sharp glare that I shot his way before I stalked out of the dormitory altogether 

The hallways were relatively empty since it was a fair way into the afternoon already. A lot of the students that would normally be crowding around as they drifted from place to place had settled down before dinner time came around.

I turned down endless halls and walked quickly past dozens and dozens of rooms before I finally got to my desired location. I pressed my hand against the door and opened it so that I could escape out of the castle and more importantly, get further away from Sirius and his most recent affair.

The frigid air made the red hot anger inside of me subside just a bit, though it still boiled in the pit of my stomach. I walked through the courtyard and then under one of the arches so that I could get to the wider grounds. I headed toward my favorite tree to sit and read under, thinking that I may be able to get some alone time to mull over my emotions.

When I arrived, I found that I would not be alone underneath the willow tree on this current evening. Two students sat underneath the swaying branches of the old growth tree, chattering to each other in light voices that implied that the conversation wasn’t too serious. I walked closer to them and was able to spot Lily’s bright red hair among the startling white of the hoar frost clinging to the trees and mountains of snow piled on the ground. The other omega was a mystery to me until I drew a bit closer and was able to hear his voice.

“Remus!” Lily beamed, bright, and beautiful as always. Despite not being drawn to omegas like alphas were, I was able to appreciate how stunning she was. 

“I was hoping that I would get a quieter place to read, but it appears that I’m out of luck,” he chuckled as my eyes strayed over to Severus. 

The dark-haired omega was staring down at his hands, which were picking at the loose strands of string that had come up from the blanket they were seated on. For as much as the other three members of my group teased him for his appearance, he wasn’t actually too bad looking. His hair hid his alabaster face, hanging in sheets over his high cheekbones and gaunt eyes. The dark orbs seemed to hide a knowledge that none of them could even dream of beholding. 

“We can-” Severus began but his friend quickly cut him off.

“Why don’t you join us? James is always telling me about how you don’t have many friends outside of the Marauders, perhaps you can start with us,” she chirped brightly.

“I do have friends outside of the Marauders, James just doesn’t consider people from other houses to be ‘proper friends,’ whatever that means,” I snorted. I took her offer and sat down closer to the Gryffindor omega than the Slytherin. I folded my legs underneath me and fiddled with the edges of the book in my hands. The anger that had been whirling through me earlier had turned to a dangerous resentment.

“He’s not the brightest,” Severus quipped before he realized what he had said and in the presence of whom and turned a bright shade of red. Luckily for him, I had had a run-in with James the other day and wasn’t too pleased with that alpha either. I let out a small chuckle, a smile crossing my features for a moment. 

“Come on, Sev,” Lily whined, pouting at her friend. “You’re so mean to him. At least we’ve been dating longer than you and that weirdo did,” she snorted.

“You’ve dated someone?” I asked, trying as hard as possible to make sure that my voice is level so it doesn’t sound too surprised. 

“Don’t act like I’m so repulsive no one would ever look at me,” he grumbled. He wrapped a string around his fingers and pulled it from the rest of the fibers with nimble and graceful fingers

“I didn’t mean to. You just don’t seem to be the type of person who would… date,” I said slowly.

“Well, I am. Not that it lasted long,”  his dark eyes darted away from his two companions, staring out at the rolling hills that led down to the tossing grey water of the lake. 

“He was an ass, Sev,” Lily said softly as she reached one of her hands out to the omega. 

I took in the situation with an uncharacteristically cold calculation. Of course, I had been known to be the smarter one in my direct friend group, but I still had more compassion than the common werewolf. Now, however, wheels whirled in my head and cogs turned quickly as I devised a truly wicked and cruel plan. The normal compassion that I held for all people and animals fled out of my mind as thoughts of revenge and jealousy took their place.

“Who was it that you were dating?” I asked the omega, hoping to get the answer that I wanted so that my plan would advance further.

“Oh, just some Slytherin upperclassman. You wouldn’t know who it is if I said a name,” he said quickly. His pale cheeks flushed once more and he avoided looking up at me or Lily.

“I know more people than James does, I think I would know who it was,” I laughed. To my delight, the heavy amounts of charm that I was laying on seemed to be working and he smiled and laughed. 

The three of us sat and chatted for a bit longer, moving from dating when Lily got a little too excited and flustered about James. We discussed what the teachers had been assigning and the best way to go about finishing the assignments. When the conversation petered out for a moment, Lily decided that she had to go see her boyfriend and left me alone with Severus. 

“I guess I should be going as well,” the omega mumbled as he wrapped his robes a bit closer around him and began to get up.

“Why?” I asked.

“Well, you don’t want to talk to me, you wanted to talk to Lily,” he said simply.

“I never said that,” I replied quickly. Annoyance sparked in the back of my mind and solidified my ideas that I had to get back at Sirius.

“I-I guess I just assumed…” he trailed off as he sunk down into himself like expecting to get hurt in some way.

“I would like to get to know you, Severus,” I said as I offered him a small smile. “If Lily and James are really going to do whatever they’re doing, then I think that you and I will be seeing a lot more of each other.”

“I suppose so,” he replied with a shrug.

“Plus, when you and I were talking with Lily here you seemed like a good conversationalist,” I smiled a little wider. I continued to talk with him like I had when Lily was there, and after a bit of time he finally relaxed and opened back up to me. We spent the rest of the afternoon together, just chatting about school and how things differed in our lives. 

When we reached the end of the time we could spend outside, I finally decided that it was time to enact the next part of my plan. It could have been too soon and it was possible that he would turn me down, but from what I could pick up from the short conversation about his ex, he was desperate for love and still vulnerable from the breakup. Everyone had a rebound, so he wouldn’t expect the relationship I would start up with him to go anywhere, would he? I turned to him and asked, “Severus, would you like to go out with me the next Hogsmead weekend we get?”

“I-what?” he stuttered as he picked up the blanket and shook the snow off of it.

“As a date. I realized that I liked you more than I originally thought, so I would like to spend some more time with you. Romantically,” I said, giving him a polite smile.

“I, yeah, okay,” he replied, his cheeks a near-violent shade of red as he nodded. The black sheets of his hair hung down against his face once more before he darted away and back toward the castle.

I smirked to myself as I followed slowly after him. My plan was already underway and soon would be enough into action that I could move it to phase two. 

“You’re a dog,” James snorted as we walked through the halls to get back to the dormitory. Classes had just ended, which separated us from the other two members of our immediate friend group since they had been assigned a different teacher during the last period of the day. 

“I mean, yeah,” I snorted slightly and knocked my shoulder against his. 

“Not like that, you git,” he snorted, batting a hand at my shoulder. I laughed back. “I meant that you’ve probably banged every age-acceptable omega and beta in this place other than Lily and Remus.”

“Ah yes,” I sighed. I had been joyous and laughing moments before but the comment made my heart sink down into my stomach.

“What? Did you want to bang Lily?” James asked, his voice had a bit of a feral bite to it. 

“No, I didn’t want your courting partner,” I sighed with a slight roll of my eyes. James was just the kind of protective alpha that I seemed to be the opposite of. He defended Lily at all costs and would growl at anyone that made any kind of glancing look or snide remark about her. I tended to go the other way when it came to my partners. While Lily was the first omega or beta that James had ever courted, I had slept with more than I could count. I also didn’t really care what my past partners did once our time together was over. They were just a way to get rid of the thundering instincts pounding in the back of my mind.

“Then what do you want?” he asked curiously.

“Something that I can never have,” I frowned heavily. 

“Why are you being so vague? We’ve been friends for as long as we’ve been going to Hogwarts. Just tell me what’s on your mind,” James replied simply as if anything could ever be that easy. 

“I can’t tell you because I know you would try and intervene,” I replied. “And I know that the person that I really want would never love me back.”

“That can’t be true. Everyone in this school loves you and lots of people from elsewhere do too,” he grinned wickedly.

“Everyone except my parents,” I snorted, trying to make light of the situation with a joke that we had made a multitude of times beforehand. It worked and the other alpha laughed, snickering when he got a couple glares for the loud chuckles he had let out in the beginning. 

He rounded the corner to get closer to the dorms, an area that had basically no one since most of the other Gryffindors had planned a meet up in the library to study things. The entire house had done so or decided that they would use the time to sneak away with their partners and do things that would make the teachers faint. 

I stopped dead in my tracks, as did James as we looked down the hall. Remus had someone else pinned up against the wall, his hands roaming up and down omegan thighs and groping an ass. Their hands were threaded into his brown locks and holding his shoulders as small moans were released from the partner that my best mate was snogging.

“Is that Snivilus?” James finally blurted after we had been standing there for at least a couple of minutes. 

“Fuck,” Remus swore from down the hall. He dropped the omega that he had been kissing and whirled around to see both of his alpha friends. “I thought you two would be… out.”

“Well, we’re not,” I replied through clenched teeth. Anger, jealousy, and concoction of other emotions I couldn’t place stirred together inside of me. I had the urge to go up and tear the omega’s throat out for daring to touch someone that was so clearly mine. I walked past them quickly, growling the password at the Fat Lady before I slammed the painting behind me in my hurry to get into the common room. 

I threw my book bag down onto the table like it had been the one to offend me instead of the greasy Slytherin that my beta was apparently dating. I growled, running a hand through my wild brown locks before I began to pace around the red-colored room.

“I think that that was a bit of an overreaction,” James said as he walked into the common room and stood back to watch me.

“An overreaction?” I snapped as I turned to him. “He had his tongue down that whore’s throat and he didn’t even tell us that he was courting anyone.”

“Would you just shut up and listen for a minute?” James asked as he rolled his eyes in annoyance at me.

“Fine,” he growled darkly. I crossed my arms over my chest as stalked over to a seat, sitting down so that I could look at the alpha as he explained himself and the situation.

“If you hadn’t stormed in here in a fit of alpha rage that would rival my own, then you would have been around for Remus to explain what’s going on,” the other alpha said as he sat down in another chair so that they were at equal levels. “He and Sni-Severus have been dating for a while. Apparently, they got together some time in November. Remus didn’t want to tell us that he was courting or dating anyone because he thought that we would react badly when we found that it was Severus.”

“He’s been dating him for three months? If he had told us I would have been able to explain how stupid it is to be dating that Slytherin grease ball when there are perfectly good alphas that have been waiting for him for years,” I rambled.

“Wait…” James said, narrowing his dark eyes at me behind his thick spectacles. I could almost hear the turning on the cogs in his head as he riddled out my situation. “Are you jealous that Remus started dating before you grew the balls to ask him out?”

“No,” I replied stubbornly. The other alpha tilted his head so that he was looking at me over the top of the round rims. “Fine, I am.”

“Then you should wait until you’ve calmed down, and go talk to him,” he replied with a shrug.

“Lily is a bad influence on you. I miss the days when you would suggest pranking him instead,” I grumbled, though at this point I was just trying to prove a point. 

“We can always prank him later. And there is the shovel talk,” James replied with a bright grin.

“Yeah, you’re right,” I replied with a definitive nod. 

“Woah,” Peter groaned as he walked into the common room. He placed a hand over his nose to try and drown out the angry alpha scent that had leaked through my scent blocker when I had been pacing around. “What happened here? I thought that sex was banned in the common room.”

“Is this what you think sex smells like?” James asked as he turned to face the other member of our friend group.

“Yes?” he replied, though there was more question than statement to his tone. 

“Wouldn’t there also have to be an omega or beta involved?” I snorted as I rubbed a hand over my face. 

“I-I guess,” the dirty-blond beta sighed as he walked over to them and placed his bag on the floor. He tucked his feet underneath him as he sat down and pulled a bag of sweets from his pocket. 

“Anyways,” I sighed, turning back to the other alpha. “We need to go give him the shovel talk right now. Especially if he and Remus have been dating for longer than we thought.”

“Remus is dating someone?” Peter asked, flabbergasted at the new revelation.

“This is a new thing. Apparently, he didn’t want us to know so that we wouldn’t bully his boyfriend,” James laughed. 

“Oops. Now we all know,” I replied, though there was more snark and bite to my voice than there really should have been for the situation. 

“Whatever. We should talk to Remus and get more of the story at dinner and then we can discuss the shovel talk,” James said. He reached down for his bag and pulled out a couple rolls of parchment and his textbook. He began to work on the homework that we had been assigned that day. Lily really had been rubbing off on him too much.

Dinner came quickly and the three of us hurriedly finished up the work that we had either been doing or were pretending to do. I hurried down to the dining hall, but because I was hungry and because I was eager to interrogate Remus and move along so that I could threaten Snivellus as well.

“Dude,” James complained as he finally caught up with me and sat down across the table. Peter sat next to me and moments later Remus walked over after saying goodbye to the Slytherin omega he had been sucking faces with earlier. 

“You’re all here early,” he commented as he began to serve himself some of the food that was closest to our group. 

“Well, we have something important to talk to you about,” I replied, trying to keep my voice light and non-accusatory. I didn’t do a very good job of it judging by the expression on his face.

He looked up from the basket of bread in his hands and narrowed his dark eyes at me dangerously. “What is that supposed to mean?”

“Oh boy,” James sighed, picking at some of the vegetables on his plate. He leaned on his hand where it was perched with his elbow planted next to his plate on the table. 

“You were dating someone for three months without telling us? We’re supposed to be friends, Remus,” I bit out, leaving out the possessive jealousy I was feeling.

“I don’t think that it’s that big of a deal,” Peter mumbled.

“Peter’s right. It’s not that big of a deal. I technically don’t have to tell you who I’m spending my time with or what kind of relationship we have friends or not. I don’t comment on all the time you spend with those omegas and betas you bring to the common room,” he replied as he stabbed his fork viciously into some of the food on his plate. 

I swallowed a bit too quickly in my hurry to snap back at him and hurt my throat. This just turned to make my voice all the lower and gravely. “It’s not like I’m hiding them. Everyone knows that we’re together for however long we’re together for. I’m pretty sure no one knew about you and that grease ball of an omega.”

“Don’t start calling my boyfriend names just because you don’t like the fact that I’m dating him. If you spent more than five minutes using the stupid brain of your you might realize that bigger things are happening in the world than me finally dating someone,” Remus growled back. 

“Do not start with that, Lupin,” I shot back quickly. “I know that we have the war to worry about and all of the people here that are already Death Eaters, but that should be all the more reason for us to tell each other the truth!” 

“I didn’t want to tell you because you would act like this,” he gestured at me with both of his hands. 

“Then how do you want me to act?” I asked.

“I don’t know,” he rolled his amber eyes. “Maybe ‘Good jobs Remus. Despite being an undesirable beta you managed to get someone to date you.’ Would that be too hard?” 

“Fine, good job. You started dating our enemy,” I snarked back. I knew that the words hurt him and I immediately regretted saying them as they fell from my lips. 

“He hasn’t been the enemy since James and Lily started dating six months ago,” Remus sighed.

I didn’t say anything I knew that the moment I opened my mouth again I would just be spitting more fire at him. I rose from the table and stalked out of the great hall, leaving the other three members of the Marauders alone. I quickly made my way out of the castle and had gone all the way down to the lake before I finally let myself breathe.

I raised my arms over my head, threading my fingers together as I pressed my palms to the back of my skull. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, just letting the crisp March air into my lungs in a desperate attempt to try and calm down. I growled low as I saw the image of Remus with Sni-Severus in his arms like the omega belonged there. Remus belonged in my arms like that.

“Excuse me?” asked a voice from behind me.

I whirled around, already reaching for my wand as I thought that it was someone that meant harm to me.

“Woah,” Severus said, placing his arms in front of him with his palms towards me. “I just came out here to try and make the situation a little bit better.”

“How?” I asked, dropping my hand back down to my side and leaving my wand in the pocket of my robes. 

“I don’t know,” he nervously shrugged. “Maybe apologize for all of the things that I’ve said about you?”

“Well, that would be a start. You did steal my best friend from me and convince him to hide a relationship from our entire friend group,” I sassed back. The omega flinched heavily and rubbed his arm nervously. I felt a bit bad for making him self-conscious, but I was boiling mad and there was no controlling my mouth now.

“I know…” Severus whispered. “He was the one that asked me out. And if it makes you feel any better he talks about you all the time,” he offered.”

“I guess so,” I grumbled. We both stood there in awkward silence for a few more moments before I felt the beginnings of a plan click their way into my mind. “So, how much do you think you know about Remus?”

“I- a lot, I guess,” he replied, brows furrowed together in confusion. “He’s told me about his mom and that his dad treats him pretty badly.”

“I see,” he nodded. “Well, he told me that he’s going to be at the Shrieking Shack tomorrow night around midnight and I think that if you really want to get to know him you should go there and meet him,” he smirked.

“That’s a really weird way of putting it,” Severus mumbled. “But thank you for accepting his and my relationship.”

I made an affirmative noise and pushed past him to go back to the dormitory in the Gryffindor tower. I gave him and Remus the same treatment for the next day, barely acknowledging them in the slightest and being hostile when I had to. I smiled as I leaned out of the tower window and watched the small figure of a student wrapped in a cloak quickly fleeing across the field and toward the Shrieking Shack.

“I still hate the days where Remus has to leave,” Peter pouted. We had taken to leaving after everyone had gone to bed, and if the full moon happened on a weekend it tended to take forever. 

“Who’s that heading out already? We’re all here,” James said as he peaked over my shoulder.

“Oh, that’s Snivilus,” I replied with a wicked grin. 

“What the Hell did you do?” he asked, growling darkly as the smell of angry alpha leaked out from the scent blocker on his neck.

“I just thought that if he was going to be dating one of our friends then he needed to know who he really was,” I replied with a shrug. 

“He’s going to get himself killed you fucking idiot!” James swore as he rushed away from me and up the stairs to our dorm room. Peter was staring at me in horror and slowly the realization of what I had done began to sink in. Guilt ate at my stomach, making me regret how much I’d inhaled at dinner. Soon my best friend returned back with the invisibility cloak. He ushered both out of the common room and then flung it over us. Peter quickly focused and turned into a rat so that the cloak would cover us all fully.

“You’re so stupid,” James hissed. “I liked it better when you just had sex with some random omega or beta and didn’t care what they did in their spare time. This is so dangerous,” he lectured as he made our way through the halls until we had gotten outside. Peter pulled on my curly locks with his tiny claws, just adding to the pain that was already flowing through my body due to that part of me. 

When we reached the Shrieking Shack, we used the invisibility cloak right up until the door. James then threw it off and shifted into his stag form, prompting me to turn into the giant black dog. We rushed through the house to find where Severus had gone. Peter was still clinging to my fur tightly as we rushed to Remus’s favorite room.

Severus was on the ground, scrambling to get back to a corner as Remus, in his wolf form, slowly stalked closer and closer. “Please, I don’t-” the omega panicked, holding his arm close to himself as his wrist was bent at an odd angle.

I barked and made sure that the noise was loud enough that I could draw the attention of my out-of-control friend. It worked, quickly bringing the wolf to look at me. James rushed into the room and bowed his head at Severus before ushering him toward the door with his horns. I growled at Remus, barking once more as I walked closer and closer to him to get him to back up into the corner and away from the door.

When I was sure that James had gotten Severus out of the house I let Remus out of his confinement and laid down next to the wall with my head on my paws. I closed my eyes and ignored everything for the rest of the night. 

I only got up from my spot when I felt the sunlight drop down onto my snout, awakening me from the fitful slumber that I had fallen into. I shifted back into my human form as Remus would no longer be in his wolf form if the sun was out. I glanced around and saw the other teen huddled in the corner with a pair of damaged pants on with nothing else. I stood up and removed my cloak, placing it on the beta before I touched his shoulder.

“Go away,” he growled darkly.

“What?” I asked, momentarily forgetting that he could see flashes of what happened in his wolf form.

“You made him come here, I know you did,” he hissed as he jutted a finger at my chest. “He was terrified!”

“He needed to see all of you if he was going to date you,” I replied, catching the finger and holding it in my clenched fist.

“I was going to tell him in my own time!” Remus shouted.

“You’ve never told anyone about it before. We had to find out the same way,” I retorted quickly.

“Why do you even care what he thinks of me?” he snarled.

“Because I’m in love with you!” I roared, anger and frustration soaring through me in a quick flash.

Remus shut down and removed his finger from my hands. He turned the full way and stared at me with confusion written all over his features. He blinked twice at me. “What?”

“I love you. The only reason that I slept with so many of the people around the school was so that I could fill the hole that you were leaving. You never showed any desire to date anyone so I assumed that you’d be one of the people to go work with dragons…” I rambled.

“I-I loved you too,” he stuttered, looking up at me with those caramel eyes. “I mean, I still do.”

“Then why go and date someone else when I’m right here?” I asked quietly.

“Because you were never right here. You were always with someone else and I knew that I wanted something from you that you hadn’t given anyone else. If something is going to happen between us then I need all of you to be here for me. I don’t want some fuck and abandon. I want you,” he rambled nervously.

“Then have me. I’m willing to dedicate that much of myself to you,” I promised as I reached out for his hand. He complied and placed his hand into mine. I gripped it tightly and brought him close to me, pressing our lips together in a wonderful kiss. 

I peaked my eyes open as the nightmare stuck heavily to my eyelids. The sunlight was pouring through the uncovered glass in the windows, casting sunbeams down to the floor in a magnificent spectacle. I sat up on the bed and turned over so that I was leaning against the pillows behind me. I wasn’t used to waking up to the sun since the Slytherin common room and dorms didn’t get light and my room at home had windowless, drab walls. The hospital wing was covered in them however, most likely for the commonly held belief that sunlight could be beneficial for those suffering from illness and injury.

My wrist throbbed as a reminder of my own wounds. I had spent the night regrowing the bone chips that had shattered and been removed when I landed on it wrong. I winced and let out a truly omegan whine, something that I hated that I had no control over.

“You’re awake, well done,” Madame Pomfrey said in her normal sarcastic-saturated voice as she walked over to my bed. “How are you feeling?”

“Tired,” I replied, blinking slowly at the beta as she placed her hand on my cheek and my forehead. “And nauseous.”

“You shouldn’t be feeling nauseous from the Skelligrow, the tiredness is normal,” she tutted.

“I’ve been feeling nauseous for a week,” I mumbled.

“Suspicious. Have you had any other symptoms? Or vomiting?” she asked as she sat on the edge of the bed.

“I puked once a couple days ago but I figured that I had just gotten some potion in my system from my homework,” I said simply. The fixating stare she locked onto me made my skin crawl like a million spiders had taken up residence on my muscles.

“Anything else?”

“I suppose that I’ve been clingier to my partner?” I offered. The thought of Remus sent a shudder through my body as I remembered the terrifying creature that I had watched him turn into and then the way he had attacked me as if he didn’t know who I was.

“Now these questions may feel a little intrusive, but I do need to ask them,” she sighed. She got up from the bed and drew the curtains around the bed before casting a couple charms to make sure that no one would be able to hear the conversation. 

I was suddenly more awake than I had been moments before as panic rushed from my stomach all throughout my body. I could feel the blood drain from my face and into my rapidly beating heart. 

The healer took her place on the side of my bed and placed her cold hand on my leg through the thin hospital blanket that I had been given. “Are there any other peculiarities that you’ve noticed since the nausea began?” she asked.

“I guess so,” I replied with a shrug.

“I need you to tell me what they are,” she pried.

“I’ve been eating more than normal even though I’ve felt sick,” I shrugged. I wrapped my arms self-consciously around my middle as something deep inside of me told me to. 

“Have you and this partner been sexually active?”

“I-uh, what?” I asked blood flooding to my face as quickly as it could to give me a dark blush.

“I assume that your partner is an alpha or a beta, and I need to know if you’ve been sexually active,” she continued.

“We’ve only slept together once. I know that it’s against the rules but we just got so caught up with each other that we didn’t really know what was happening and then we had already done it. Please don’t get him and me in trouble,” I pleaded desperately.

“Did you do it with protection?” she asked instead.

“I-no. We forgot to do any of the spells before or after because we nearly got caught,” I replied, letting shame replace the embarrassment from earlier as I bowed my head at her.

“You’re aware that you could be pregnant, correct?” she asked as she stood up and tugged the curtains closer together.

“I never thought about that. My mother and father had a hard time conceiving so I assumed that I wouldn’t be able to,” I replied. My heart began to hammer even harder in my chest, banging against my ribcage like it was trying to burst forth.

“I legally have to perform a test on you,” Madame Pomfrey winced as she grabbed her wand out of the overly full pockets on her apron.

“O-okay,” I replied shakily with a small nod. 

She pressed me back against the pillows with one of her calloused hands. “Pull up your shirt for me, please,” she requested as she adjusted the hold of her wand in her hand. I did as I was told and pulled the fabric of my shirt over my stomach, revealing the pale skin there. She placed her wand over my stomach, holding it so that it was about an inch over the skin and the tip reached my hip while the hilt rested over the other. She murmured a couple of words under her breath, still speaking clearly while moving the wand down and then back up. 

Slowly, a yellow glow emanated from my abdomen and up to the wand like a reverse spotlight. 

“What does that mean?” I asked, my hands going down next to my sides to grasp at the sheets underneath me. Fear ebbed its way through my veins, filling up my entire person and consuming me. 

“This means that you’re pregnant, Snape,” she whispered.

“I-I,” I stuttered out as tears welled up in my eyes. They sat on my lashes for a mere moment before they tipped over and rushed down my pale cheeks and then onto my neck. I quickly pushed my shirt down and sat up, ignoring the pain in my only slightly-healed wrist as I brought my hands up to my eyes to try and wipe away the tears. I felt a hand on my back, rubbing soothing circles as I sobbed while thoughts rushed through my head.

The last time that I had seen my boyfriend, and apparently the father of my unborn baby, he had tried to kill me. The cool determination in the wolf’s eyes made ice crawl through my veins. How could I tell Remus that I was carrying his pup when he had tried to kill me just the night before? I was aware that he had been hiding something from me but I had never expected it to be something like that or for me to find out through someone other than him. This was far too overwhelming for me to deal with at once.

“When was the time that you and this partner slept together?” the nurse asked as she raised an eyebrow.

“Uh, sometime around December or January,” I replied, rubbing my arm nervously.

“Then you should be around two or three months pregnant. You won’t start showing beyond the ability to hide it until your sixth month. Seeing as school ends in May, you should be able to hide the bump for the duration of the pregnancy until you graduate,” she rambled. I nodded as my way of conveying that I was listening to her.

“You will have the option to tell your parents until I inform the headmaster,” Madame Pomfrey said in her soothing tone as I finally stopped crying and calmed down. “I have to tell him in a week, so I suggest that you tell your parents and the father of the pup before then. Come and speak to me when you’ve decided what you want to do with him,” she gestured to my stomach before she got up and left.

I sat there in silence, trying to process everything that had happened that morning and the night before. I didn’t know how long I had been still when I finally came out of my stupor long enough to know that I should get going. I stood up from the bed and grabbed my robe from the chair next to the bed I had been set up in. I quickly covered myself and wrapped my arms around my stomach for a moment before I dropped my hands and then hurried out of the hospital wing and down to the Slytherin common room.

I darted into my dorm, which was thankfully empty, and changed out of my day-old clothes and into a pair of pajamas before ducking into the spare shower attached to the dorm room. When I was clean and dressed I picked up my school bag and left to go to my next class. I knew that the teachers probably wouldn’t be expecting me to come to any of my classes today since they were notified of my injury last night, but I was hoping that getting back on my routine would help me temporarily forget about the problem growing in my stomach.

The day flew by, with almost no one talking to me. Lily and James normally at least said hello but apparently, I seemed to be putting off some sort of scent that repelled everyone from me. I skipped lunch as it would be too much to go into the Great Hall and see Remus with his friends when I knew that I was pregnant with his child. 

Someone finally talked to me for the first time since Madame Pomfrey that morning when I was outside, trying to complete the homework that had been assigned that day. I broke the wrist on the arm that I normally write with so the entire process was taking an annoyingly long time.

“Hey, Sev,” Lily’s calm voice cooed as she walked over to our normal hangout spot. “How are you doing?”

“My wrist hurts,” I replied with a small shrug. I wanted more than anything to tell her since I knew that she would make the situation either a thousand times better or worse.

“James told me what happened,” she said as she gracefully sat down next to me and rubbed my shoulder.

“Everything? Even the part about Remus?” I asked, glancing over at her with one eye as I let my hair fall down in front of my face.

“Yeah,” she nodded. She wrapped an arm around my shoulder and brought me into a half hug as she placed her head against mine softly. “I’m so sorry that that had to happen to you. That wasn’t something that Sirius should have done, jealousy or not.”

“He was jealous of me?” I asked, my heart sinking. I knew that Remus had feelings for Sirius, but I figured that they would fade the longer that we were together.

“Full-on alpha rage,” Lily nodded sadly. 

I stayed silent for a moment before I took a deep breath and got ready to admit the truth. “When I was in the hospital wing for my wrist Madame Pomfrey got suspicious and had to do another test on me. It turns out…” I trailed off as my courage faltered.

“Please tell me that you’re not dying,” she pleaded as she took my hand and grasped it in hers. 

“No, not dying. At least not yet,” I muttered sarcastically.

“Sev, please don’t joke about things like that right now,” she whined as she brushed a couple strands of hair out of my face.

“Madame Pomfrey performed a pregnancy test on me and it came back positive,” I rushed the words out as quickly as I could. A frigid feeling of dread settled over me as I waited to lose my best friend and be truly alone in the world once more. My parents wouldn’t care much about the pregnancy and would just use it as the perfect excuse to disown me. 

“That’s…” Lily trailed off, her eyes wide with an emotion I didn’t know how to read. She just pulled me into a hug, wrapping her arms around me as she released her lovely apple scent that wasn’t contained by the scent blocker. I buried my face in her neck and took the scent in as it was the only thing that could stabilize my chaotic life. Slowly, I let myself cry for the second time that day.

When I finished I pulled my head back and wiped my face off on the sleeves of my robe. 

“What are you going to do?” she asked, placing her hand once again on my shoulder.

“What do you mean?” 

“Are you going to keep the baby? Are you going to give him up for adoption? Are you going to go through with the pregnancy at all?” she prompted.

I opened my mouth to answer her but found that I didn’t know what I was going to do. “I don’t know,” I finally breathed. Admitting it seemed to help, but the unsettled feeling still rested in every crevice of my mind.

“I think you should start by telling the father. Please tell me that it’s Remus and not him,” Lily murmured as she reached out and grabbed both of my hands in hers. 

“It is Remus. I wasn’t together with him for long enough to sleep with him,” I shook my head. 

“Then you should go tell Remus about the baby,” Lily said. She dropped my hands and stood up, gathering up my things before she offered one of her delicate hands to me. I took it and stood up, swaying for a minute like I had for the past two weeks. Together, we walked back to the school and up through the winding corridors to get to the Gryffindor common room. 

“Wait, I’m scared,” I whispered, stopping just short of the door where she would say the password and let us inside. She hadn’t yet let go of my hand, so when I stopped she was tugged back with me.

“Remus won’t just up and abandon you,” she promised with a reassuring smile. “And if he does James and I will be here to help take care of you whatever you choose to do.”

“Really?”

“Yes,” she grinned, her eyes sparkling adoringly at me before she turned back to the painting. Everything had been going too fast up to this point, but now the world seemed to slow to a crawl as we walked through the small hallway leading to the common room and then entered in the rest of the way. It was a lovely day outside so most people were lounging around in one of the areas outdoors which left only two people in the common room.

“Remus?” I asked, my eyes nearly bulging out of my skull. Seconds ticked one by one as I processed what I was seeing. My boyfriend was perfectly placed on top of his best friend’s lap as their lips stuck together. Sirius had his hand-woven into the dusty brown locks just like I had two weeks ago and again just the day before. Tears blurred my vision as their kiss slowed and they looked up to me. 

“What the fuck?” I cussed, my hands balling into fists beside my as rage seethed through my pores and infiltrated my very being. 

“Severus?” Remus asked as he sprang out of Sirius’ lap as quickly as humanly possible. “It’s not what it looks like!”

“It’s not? Then what is it?” I snapped bitterly.

“We were just... I mean, I-” he stuttered as he hurried around the edge of the couch and tried to grab my hands.

“Don’t touch me,” I growled, backing away from him slightly. Lily placed a hand on my back and was letting a cool, yet angry scent out.

“What? Are you afraid of him now that you know?” Sirius asked as he walked behind the beta, my supposed boyfriend.

“No! And I wouldn’t have been scared of him in the first place if you hadn’t sent me into the middle of a dangerous situation where neither of us had any idea what was going on,” I sassed back. 

The alpha growled darkly at me and wrapped his arm around Remus’ waist as if just to show how much closer they were. “That doesn’t change the fact that you were still scared of him. I was never scared of him.”

“I’m not some piece of meat that you two get to fight over like animals!” Remus scolded as he stepped away from the alpha.

“This shouldn’t have to be a fight. You’re my boyfriend! You and I have been dating for months and-and,” I faltered, unable to get the words past my life.

“And what?” Sirius snapped viciously. 

“And I’m pregnant you fucking asshole!” I cussed as I stormed out of the room. I had made my way down a couple of hallways before Lily was able to catch up with me.

“Sev, please wait up,” she pleaded as she jogged after me. The skirt that some people could opt to wear was a bit constricting when it came to running. I did as she asked and stopped, letting her catch up to my side. She instantly flung her arms around me and rubbed our necks together to scent me. “I’m so sorry that that had to happen to you.”

“I hate him so much,” I whispered into her shoulder as my arms came up to hold her as close to me as I could.

“I know. You have the right to hate him that much,” she replied with a small shake of her head. “It makes sense why they would. That was a horrid thing that they did.”

“I just want someone to love me,” I murmured as tears slipped down my face and onto my neck.

“I know. I know,” she whispered as she rubbed the back of my head and rocked us back and forth. “You deserve someone that is going to love you after all you’ve been through.”

“Do I? The forces above don’t seem to think that I do,” I seethed as I wiped the tears from my face and sniffled a small bit.

“You do. You’ve just been looking in the wrong places,” she smiled cryptically. “Now do you want to go down to the Great Hall for dinner with me? James and I were planning on sitting away from Remus and Sirius today anyway. Maybe Peter will join us too.”

“Okay,” I replied, giving her a small smile. She beamed back at me, which caused my heart to flutter eagerly in my chest. She slipped her hand into mine as we walked down to the Great Hall below us. James and Peter were already sitting further down the table than they normally did. Peter’s plate was already full of food, and just the sight of dinner made my stomach growl loudly as if reminding me that I hadn’t yet eaten anything. 

“Hey,” James smiled as he motioned for me to sit at one of the empty spots while making grabby hands at his girlfriend. Lily let my hand go only to circle around the end of the table and sit next to her courting partner. I sat down and began to load up my plate with food. 

“How is your wrist feeling?” Peter asked as he nibbled on a piece of bread.

“Better than it was this morning,” I replied with a small shrug before my eyes darted back up to James. “I should thank you since you were the one that came to help me. If you didn’t I would have been a lot more injured,” one of my hands drifted down to my stomach. 

“It was the right thing to do. I know that we’ve had our differences, but I’ve grown up a little bit since I started dating Lils,” James smiled back at me.

“More than a little bit. You’re making great progress,” the redhead praised as she kissed her cheek before resuming her meal.

“I’m really sorry that Sirius did that to you. Normally when he pulls pranks it’s just to make somebody laugh or be really confused. He’s never tried to hurt someone like that before,” Peter said. I could tell that he was earnest in his apology to me, which certainly helped with the messy turmoil of emotions that were whirling in my heart.

“Seeing as I’ve been at the backend of most of your pranks up until this year, they were never very funny,” I replied. 

I was still a little bitter, but as time passed it slowly faded from me. I held resentment for Remus as he had taken advantage of me in more ways than one. I spent more time with my best friend and her boyfriend, slowly getting used to spending my time around the obnoxiously charismatic Gryffindors and less time around the back-stabbing slyness of my Slytherin housemates. I had never had many friends in the first place, and even less when my omegan secret finally came to light so I didn’t miss them much. My parents disowned me just as I had expected them to, but there was no howler to announce my secret to the entire school. 

The next time that I spoke to Remus was when he cornered me outside of the library with Lily when I was getting closer to my third month. “Sev,” he pleaded as he reached out and caught my arm.

“You don’t get to call me that anymore,” I replied as I wrenched my arm out of his hold and narrowed my eyes at the beta. “You can call me Snape.”

“Fine, but we really do need to talk,” he said, shoulders sagging as he stared down at the ground.

“We can talk in the library, my ankles hurt,” I grumbled as I glanced at Lily.

“Are you sure? You don’t have to even give him the time of day after what he did to you,” she murmured as we continued on our way with the dejected beta following slowly behind us.

“I need to talk to him anyway. There’s the whole matter of… you know what,” I mumbled as my hand pressed to my still flat stomach for a moment. I would be five or six months along when we graduated and I wasn’t planning on coming back for the eighth year since I would have a baby to take care of. I was already good in potions so I figured I’d be able to find a job somewhere in desperate need of someone like me.

We walked back to one of the more secluded parts of the library and sat down at the table. “What do you want to talk about?” I asked. Something inside of me wanted to forgive him immediately and have everything go back to the way that it had been before, but I knew that it was my pregnancy hormones.

“The baby,” he replied, his eyes glued to my expertly hidden stomach.

“What about him?” I growled back defensively. Lily reached out and rubbed my shoulder as her way of showing what little support she could.

“Are you going to keep it?” he asked.

“Of course I am. I know I act like some pre-feral omega but I actually care about the pup I’m carrying,” I hissed quietly. I wanted to correct the objectifying of our-my child, but I had bigger battles to fight at the moment.

“You know that there’s a possibility that it could be a werewolf, right?” he asked, narrowing caramel eyes at me.

“That doesn’t bother me. I’m better at potions than you are so I’d be able to make a draft to help with the uncontrollable rage and painful transformations,” I replied quickly. 

“So you’re just going to let yourself give birth to another monster that will be tortured and unloved?” Remus growled.

“My child will not be a monster. I have been one of the people that this world has shown no love to and I will make sure that I love my pup more than anything else,” I narrowed my eyes and released my scent for the first time since he had swept me into the conception of my baby.

“Fine,” he spat back in reply. “If you’re going to keep it then I should get custody too.”

“No,” Lily and I both said at the same time. 

I glanced over at her and felt another surge of confidence as she gave me a determined look. “You just called the pup a monster and said that he would be discriminated against. There’s no way in Hell I would let you have any rights to my baby or let you see him if you’re going to act like that when you’re around him.”

“I wish I had never had sex with a whore like you,” Remus muttered darkly as he stood up and stalked quickly away from our little corner of the library. 

I sat in my seat numbly, both of my hands laid limply in my lap while I processed what my ex-boyfriend had said to me. I had been so in love with him just weeks beforehand, it was insane how quickly he had changed from the adoring beta I’d fallen for into the abusive, rude man that had been before me seconds ago.

“You did the right thing, Sev,” Lily said softly as she placed her hand on my shoulder and then wrapped me in an adoring hug. I placed my hands over her arms as a way of hugging her back and leaned into the embrace. “You don’t even have to give him the time of day now.”

“He called me a whore… where did the beta I fell in love with go?” I asked.

“I don’t know. He’s not acting much like the Remus I knew either,” she sighed as she placed her chin on my shoulder. We fell silent for a bit, both of us stewing in our emotions.

“I thought I’d find you two in here,” James grinned at us as he rounded the corner and entered into our little alcove. “Why are you so glum?”

“Remus followed us in here because he wanted to talk,” Lily began.

“So? Sirius was the one that basically jumped you when this went down,” James said as he pulled over a chair and sat down next to us.

“Remus called me a whore and called the baby a monster,” I replied bitterly.

“Oh.”

“It took almost all of my willpower to not knock his teeth out,” Lily grumbled with a scowl. 

“I think I might have to have words with him,” James nodded as he rubbed his face. “I was coming to talk about something a little more chipper but it feels like the wrong time now.”

“No, I need something happy. My life has sucked for the past couple of months,” I replied with a small shake of my head. 

“Well, Lily and I did some talking last night and I finally made up my mind. When we all graduate, I want us to move in together. I have a trust fund from my parents and if I pass all of my exams I can become an Auror and start getting my own funding as well. We can buy a house in a nice little muggle village and live out our lives until we’re old and grey.”

“Is this your way of asking us to be a pack?” I asked with a small smile. The idea made my heart flutter happily in my chest in a way that being with Remus hadn’t. Lily had been the object of my affections for so long, and James didn’t look bad nor was he as much of a prick as I originally thought that he was. I enjoyed being around them both and even if I didn’t become mates with them, being in their pack would be lovely.

“Cute,” Lily cooed as she left her place around my shoulders and attacked her boyfriend with happy little kisses all over his face.

“What about the baby?” I asked after a moment as I placed my arms protectively around my unnoticeable bump. 

“We’ll get a house with two extra bedrooms. One for you, one for the pup!” James grinned with a shrug. “It’ll work.”

“That would be… amazing,” he murmured as he grinned.

“Great!” he announced before a ghost poked his head through a bookcase just to shush us. 

I avoided Sirius and Remus like they had the plague for the next month of school. We were placed away from each other during the exams however, which was the best part of them. I got morning sickness and scent replacer drafts from Madame Pomfrey after I explained my situation to her. I began to keep the heavy drapes around my bed drawn and locked with spells as I had created a nest out of blankets from wherever I could find. Lily and James became fiercely protective over me, but we all decided that we shouldn’t actually form a pack until we were living with each other and had a firm grasp on what our lives would be. 

Lily and I kept getting closer now that James had realized that I wasn’t as awful as he initially thought. She began to get clingier, giving me more hugs and kisses on the cheek. It wasn’t unwelcome, in fact, I adored it more than anything else. James also began to show physical affection towards me as well as spend more time around me without Lily. I cursed myself when my heart began to flutter eagerly at just the thought of being around them and spending time with them. I had fallen for them and I had no way of getting out of it.

I had expected them to withdraw their offer to have me in their pack when we had actually graduated. However, they found me on the day that we were all packing up to leave the school for good and sat with me the entire train ride back. 

“Here,” James said, grabbing my bag before I had the chance to. He placed it on the trolley and then did the same to Lily’s. Her cat made an unappreciative yowl as she was jostled around in her carrier. 

“James left last week for a night and settled on a house in a place where his parents approve. Isn’t this exciting?” Lily giggled as she grabbed my hand and wove her fingers together.

“I can’t believe that you two are actually letting me be a part of your pack, especially with the baby on the way,” I mumbled, placing a hand under my rounded stomach. 

“Speaking of which, I told my mom about your situation and she said that there would be a surprise for you when we got to the house,” James grinned as he turned back to look at me. We exited through the entrance to Platform 9 ¾ and out in the wider muggle train station. Lily opens the trunk to the car that her parents had bought her after her sixteenth birthday and loads our trunks into it. She then got into the driver seat and James got into the front passenger seat. I got into the middle of the backseat and let out a small chuckle as her cat lets out a yowl of protest once more. We would have apparated if not for the risks that came with apparating when pregnant.

When we arrived at the house, I had to be shaken awake since the long drive through the countryside had put my right to sleep. I yawned and rubbed away the blurriness that my eyes always collected when I napped.

“Morning, sleepyhead,” James teased with one of his winning smiles.

“You try to stay awake when you’re growing a human inside of you,” I bit back playfully in reply. He chuckled and offered me a hand to help me up, something that was getting slightly more difficult the larger that the pup got.

“You really picked a good one, James,” a beta woman told my friend as she walked over to where we were now talking by the car. She had shaggy brown hair and the same lovely blue eyes that James had but her face looked nothing like his. “And you must be Severus!” she beamed as she turned to me.

“Ah, yes I am,” I nodded as I placed a hand on the bottom of my stomach protectively. 

“James and Lily have both told me so much about you. I’m glad that they took you in and decided to start a pack with you. Trust me, it will be good for the pup,” the woman, who must have been Mrs. Potter promised with a pretty smile.

“I hope so. Things have been pretty bad so far,” I winced in remembrance of how badly my hips had been hurting just yesterday. 

“I’m so sorry that you had to go through this so young and that the father bailed on you,” Mrs. Potter tutted. The sun disappeared behind a cloud and she began to usher us into our new home, where Lily and James had already brought our bags in and released Crookshanks from his carrier.

“Now, I don’t know if James told you this or not, but I have been preparing the house since we bought it for him. And as soon as he told me that you were expecting I knew that I had to do something for you,” she grinned wickedly.

“He did tell me about that,” I nodded as I glanced over at the aforementioned alpha. He grinned back to me and gave me a thumbs-up before he was dragged into the kitchen by Lily.

Mrs. Potter began to walk through the house, leading me through the living room and into a hallway. From what I had seen, it was a lovely home that would be amazing to live in and even better to raise a child in. The front door opened into a small mudroom with tastefully tiled floors. It had a closet to the side for coats and a storage container for shoes as well as a key hanger. There was another door with lots of ornate glass in the upper half. When opened, it revealed the living room and had a hallway down the right and a kitchen to the left. The entire house was done in the most gorgeous hardwood that I had ever seen. The living room had a fireplace with a large mantle and several built-in bookshelves to either side. The bookcases were already half-way filled with Lily’s collection and a couple that I’m sure Mrs. Potter had left in her hopes that her son would one day read them. 

As I walked down the hall, I looked at some of the photos already hanging on the walls. There were a couple of Lily and me in our beginning years of friendship, taken with Muggle cameras. The one near the first room was James and the rest of his friends, which had been taken before Sirius and Remus had turned to dreadfully tainted. I peeked into the first room and found that it was a bathroom. 

The tile was the same as it had been in the mudroom and the countertops matched with it tastefully. It was decently sized with a tub and shower tucked into a divet in the wall. Behind the door, I assumed that there would be some type of linen or storage closet. 

I turned back and followed after Mrs. Potter as we kept walking down the hallway. We went up a staircase that I was dreading descending when my belly got so big that I couldn’t see my toes. There was another hallway up the stairs, though this one went the other way. It had four rooms, two on each side. The one closest to the stairs was another bathroom and then on the other side, Mrs. Potter stopped and opened the door to reveal a bedroom.

“This is your room,” she said. “I know it’s bare, but you’ll have plenty of time to change it to your liking,” the beta chuckled.

I smiled back at her and took a step in to look at what they had placed in it so far. My trunk was placed against the wall, leaning against a gorgeous oak desk. It had a comfortable chair tucked between the drawers on one side and the legs on the other. It had a lamp on one corner, the corner closest to the wall. There was a bookshelf on the northernmost wall, containing a couple books that I assumed they had somehow obtained from my mother and father’s house. The bed was underneath the window and decorated with warm and heavy quilts. I was going to have to change those out before I went to sleep tonight since the pregnancy had made it unbearable to sleep under anything less than a top sheet. There was a closet on the last and final wall, just large enough to fit the limited clothing items that I owned. The room was much larger than my one with my parents had been and much brighter than that one had been as well.

“It’s lovely,” I smiled happily as I turned and walked back to the last room on the right side of the wall. I walked in after Mrs. Potter and gasped.

The room had been decorated as a nursery. The walls were a delicate baby blue with animal trim at the top and bottom. The window was large and framed with lilac curtains that were blowing in the breeze. Underneath the window was a little bookshelf with more children’s stories that I could hope to read to the pup in a year. The crib was white with a pastel yellow mattress lining the bottom. A matching rocking chair was in the corner right next to it, covered with a blanket that had the same color scheme as the rest of the room. The crib had a mobile with little broomsticks hung from the circlet. There was a changing table stocked with wipes, nappies, and a couple other miscellaneous baby things that would undoubtedly come in handy later. The closet was shut and had a rug spread out on the ground in front of it. It had several toys and more than enough stuffed animals piled on top of each other.

“This is wonderful,” I breathed, pressing a hand to my stomach as I thought about the tiny baby growing inside of me. In just four or five short months he would be here, growing up in this very nursery. The thought brought tears to my eyes and soon had me crying. Mrs. Potter wrapped her arms around me and rubbed my back as I sobbed into her shoulder. 

“Shh, it’s alright love,” she cooed as she brought me over to the rocking chair and had me sit down.

“Sev? Is everything okay?” Lily asked as she rushed into the room from where she had been exploring the house herself. She grabbed my hand and kissed my knuckles.

James followed after her, worrying his lip in between his teeth. “Is the nursery okay? I know the broomstick mobile is a little cheesy but I thought it was cute. We can change it if you don’t like it,” he mumbled.

“No, this is wonderful,” he whispered as he wiped at his face. “I love it so much.”

“Why are you crying, then?” James asked as he placed a hand on my shoulder and rubbed gently.

“It’s just something that happens during pregnancy, love,” Mrs. Potter replied.

“I can’t wait to raise my pup here,” I grinned widely as I looked over to the two people I loved most in the world.

“We can’t wait to raise him here either,” Lily giggled as she kissed my cheek. “Love you.”

Mrs. Potter slipped quickly out of the room, leaving us to spend some time together.

“Wh-what?” I asked, eyes wide as excitement and apprehension filled me.

“Sorry,” she mumbled as she looked down at her knees and the floor underneath her. “I wasn’t going to say anything since I know that you haven’t had any luck with relationships in the past. I didn’t want to coerce you into anything or pressure you in any way.”

“Lily, I’ve been in love with you since our fourth year,” I laughed bitterly.

“I told you, Lils,” James snickered.

“You’re okay with her loving someone other than you?” I asked him.

“I mean, yeah. If I’m being honest my ideal situation would be the three of us together but I understand that that can’t happen…” James mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly.

“Says who?” I asked as I stood up from the rocking chair and turned around. I stood up on my tiptoes and pressed my lips to his, finally giving in to the desires that I had been having for a good month now. He wrapped his arms around my hips and tipped my backward slightly as he returned the kiss.

When we pulled back Lily began to pepper my face with kisses just like I had seen her do with James so many times before. I giggled and nuzzled against her scent gland once I had the opportunity to. She purred eagerly and scented me with her decidedly mate scent, claiming me in the only way that she could. I released a scent like that as well and claimed her before rubbing against James as well. We would have to wait until my next heat after the baby was born or else there was a chance I could feral and reject the pup. James scented me back, making us all effectively mates until the pup was born.

The hot July air seeped through the cracks in the windows and hung heavy in our rooms. The breeze helped a small bit, blowing the curtains that hung around the windows up before they drifted back down to their proper locations. 

James was away at work again and had to stay late tonight. I don’t know why he insisted on becoming an Auror when we were already part of the Order of the Phoenix and we were in the midst of the most dangerous time of our lives.

Crookshanks was lounging in the shade underneath one of the footstools littered around the living area to try and cool himself off.

“It’s so hot,” I complained, throwing my head back against the throw blanket on the back of our couch.

“If you think you’re hot imagine what it’s like being pregnant in this heat,” Severus complained from where he was sitting on the kitchen tile. In the mornings and evenings, he spent a lot of his time reading in his nest on the master bed, but during the day, especially in the overwhelming heat of the afternoon he would sit on the tile floor of the mudroom or the kitchen and read there. He hadn’t been able to find work yet due to the quickly advancing arrival of our pup. 

“I know you’re uncomfortable Sev,” I sighed. I got up and walked around the couch to come and join him in the kitchen. My legs stuck to the chilled tile floor as I made sure not to touch him in fear of adding to his uncomfortableness.

“Being pregnant sucks,” he whispered as he placed his hands underneath his huge rounded bump.

“So you wouldn’t be willing to do this again? Even if James or I were the one to father the pup?” I asked.

“Maybe then. Just because of how much I love you,” he replied with a small smile. I leaned over and pressed a kiss to his lips. We had been scent-mated for about three months now and James and I couldn’t be happier. 

“Ow,” Severus whispered, tensing up all of his muscles. 

“Is this a false contraction?” I asked as I reached over and grabbed his hand. 

“I’ve been having them all morning,” he mumbled in reply. “I was so uncomfortable last night that I just assumed I was more uncomfortable right now.”

“Sev, this isn’t good. You’re only seven months along,” I whimpered as I pressed a hand to the side of his face and then to his forehead. I didn’t know what I was looking for but it seemed like the right thing to do at the moment. 

“I didn’t think that I could go into labor this early,” he whispered timidly. “I hope that this is just false contractions and not actual labor.

“Me too. I guess all we can do now is wait,” I mumbled with a small shrug. We sat on the kitchen floor together all afternoon. I got up and made us lunch and then a snack when the time for them came. I read to him at one point and got him pillows when he became uncomfortable.

“Severus? Lily?” James called as he walked into the house.

“In here, love!” I called back in reply as I ran my nimble fingers through Severus’s long locks. The pain hadn’t gone away as the day ebbed on and it was beginning to get worse. There was also a new smell flowing off of him that I couldn’t quite place.

“What’s going on?” James asked as he sat down next to me and reached out to place a hand on the baby bump.

“Sev has been in pain since last night and it’s just not going away,” I replied with a sigh.

“Do you think that we need to take him to the muggle hospital down the way?” James asked as he reached up and pet our omega’s face.

“I think that if it doesn’t go away by tonight then we need to,” I nodded.

“Ow,” he whispered again, tensing and griping at anything that he could. This pain had happened only two minutes after the last one did. “Can one of you help me up? I really want to go to my nest.”

“I can,” James replied, helping our omega stand up and slowly waddle his way through our home to get to the nest. He stopped just as he got to the stairs and whimpered as water-soaked his legs. 

“Please tell me that’s not what I think it is,” I panicked.

“Did you just wet yourself?” James asked.

“No, you git!” he swore. “My fucking water just broke,” he whispered.

“We need to get him to the hospital. James, get him out to the car and I’ll grab some of the things that we need,” I said as I rushed past them and up the stairs. I could hear Severus swearing and growling in pain as James tried desperately to calm him down. I grabbed a change of clothes for me, Severus, and James. I then darted into the baby’s room and grabbed diapers, bottles, pacifiers, and a baby blanket that we were planning on bringing the pup home in. I stopped just before leaving the room and grabbed two onesies before I went down to the car. I stuck the bag in the trunk and then got into the front seat and started driving. 

“I feel pressure,” Severus whispered as he clung tightly to James’s hand and his maternity dress over his belly. “I need to push.”

“Please try to hold on for just ten minutes,” I pleaded desperately as we sped down the road as fast as the speed limit and my rickety old car would allow.

“I don’t know if I can,” the omega replied, his voice strained as he forced himself to go against the instincts that his body was telling him to follow. “I can’t! Pull over, now!” he shouted.

We had just reached the outskirts of the town and we lived in a small enough village that there wouldn’t be anyone along this road for some time to help us. “James, apparate to get your mum,” I commanded as I unbuckled myself and rushed to the backseat of the car. 

“Okay,” the alpha said. His eyes were wide and uncertain with fear as he focused for a moment and apparated away to get help. I opened the back door of the car and got in next to my omega mate. I grabbed his pants and underwear and pulled with one fluid motion like I had seen some people do on TV shows when I was younger. Severus whimpered and pressed his chin to his chest as he began to push.

There was a popping sound just outside of the car, alerting me to the presence of my alpha and his mother. 

“Isn’t it a little early for labor to be starting?” Mrs. Potter asked as she walked behind me and peeked over my shoulder. She grimaced and then said, “Well, baby’s come when they choose, I suppose.”

“We can’t get him to the muggle hospital or Saint Mungos in the state that he’s in. What do we do?” I asked as I continued to hold Severus’s hand tightly in mine. He had relaxed against the back of the seat as red liquids dribbled down his leg and onto the fabric of the seat. 

“We deliver the baby here and then transport them to Mungos,” she replied with a shrug. “Go around to the other side and I can get a blanket to catch the pup when he comes.”

I did as I was told and left my best friend for just a moment to go around to the other side of the car and grab that hand. James put the front passenger seat down and allowed his mother some more room to get in between Severus’s legs. He handed her the emergency wool blanket that we always kept in the back of the car and then held our omega’s other hand

“Good, I can see the head crowning,” Mrs. Potter praised after about ten minutes of Severus pushing his hardest.

“You’ve said that about five times now and the progress has just gone back,” he snapped moodily as he kept pushing. This time, the head didn’t duck back inside of his entrance like it had the past couple times and emerged further. He let out a stream of curses as he pushed once more and managed to get the head out. 

“You’re doing so well, we’re so proud of you,” I praised, kissing his hand as I made sure that my worried scent didn’t leak out of my gland.

“You can do this, Sev. You’ve wanted to meet him so long and now you finally can,” James rambled almost incoherently as his way of working through the stress and anxiety coursing through us both. Severus pushed for another five minutes to get both of the shoulders out until the baby slipped out of him and into the blanket that Mrs. Potter was holding. 

She caught the pup and wrapped him weakly in the wool cloth before placing him on Severus’s chest and then apparating to Mungos like had been discussed during the process of Severus birthing our pup. 

“Wow, hi there,” the omega whispered as he stared down at his son with wide eyes. “You’re so small,” he whispered reverently. The pup coughed and began to scream and cry, much to the relief of my entire pack. I let out a wet laugh and wiped the tears off of my face as I looked down at the tiny pup.

I had heard stories of new parents praising their children for being the most beautiful beings in the world. I didn’t think that the newborn was particularly pretty, in fact, he looked a bit like a squashed meatloaf, but he was gorgeous in another way. I was a mother, even if I hadn’t been the one to carry or father the pup, and there was nothing better than that feeling. 

“This is…” James couldn’t finish his sentence as he kissed Severus once more. The omega pulled back and let out a tense breath as his body forced him to deliver the afterbirth. Just then, Mrs. Potter returned with a couple of medics from Saint Mungos. James and I had to move away from Severus so that they could get him and the pup loaded up on the stretcher. One of them magicked away the afterbirth and cleaned up the pup. They began to cast more spells over our lover and the baby as the other two opened a portal and pushed the omega and pup through it and into the hospital. 

I collapsed down to the ground when I saw my mate disappear through it fully, tears rushing down my face at a rapid rate. Mrs. Potter apparated away before I did so, leaving just James and me on the empty road.

“Woah, hey, Lils,” James whispered as he sat down next to me and rubbed my shoulder.

“I was so worried that we were going to lose one of them, James,” I whispered as I flung my arms around his neck and buried my face into his scent gland.

“I know, I was too,” he replied as he rubbed my back soothingly. “But we didn’t and now we can pack a proper bag and go to the hospital to see them.”

“I guess so,” I nodded as I wiped my eyes on my sleeve after pulling away from him. I pulled out my wand as I stood up and cast a couple spells over the backseat to get rid of the stains and wetness that had come during the birthing process. I put the passenger seat back up into its proper position and then got into the driver’s seat. We drove back home as quickly as we could, my hands shaking on the steering wheel the entire time. I parked in the driveway and then took out the bags, removing some of the things that I had grabbed in my panic and replacing them. I packed it better so that we only had to bring one instead of one for each of us. It would also be easier for us now that we could apparate home for new clothes.

“Are you ready?” James asked me from where he was standing against the doorframe to our bedroom.

“Yeah. I want to go see Sev and properly meet our baby,” I grinned wickedly. I shouldered the bag and then held his hand as we both apparated to the waiting room and then rushed up to the receptionist.

“Our mate just had a baby, we need to go see him,” James blurted out as he was just barely able to contain his excitement and anticipation. 

“Longbottom?” the receptionist asked. 

“No, he should be here under Snape,” I shook my head. She flipped through her little book aimlessly for a moment before she told us where he had been set up. We rushed through the halls as quickly as we could while still being respectful to the patients and staff.

“Sev?” I asked as I knocked on the door to the room we had been told our mate was in.

“Lily?” he echoed back with hopeful anticipation that made my heart sing. I walked into the room with James following close behind me. He shut the door behind us and then put a chair next to Severus so that he could sit close to the omega.

“For a little bit I didn’t think that you would come,” he laughed dryly.

“We were coming, we just wanted to repack the bag so that we would have all the things we needed,” I explained quickly as I sat down on another chair near the bed. I sat up on one leg to try and make myself taller so that I could get a better view of the baby.

“Do either of you want to hold him?” Severus asked as he moved the pup around a small bit.

“I’d love to,” I piped up before James even got the chance to open his mouth. Our omega smiled and giggled a small bit as he passed the pup over to my waiting arms. Pride and adoration filled my chest as I looked down at the tiny, red, and very squished face that the pup held. 

“Have you decided on a name?” James asked as he looked over my shoulder at the tiny infant in my arms.

“Harry,” Severus nodded. “Harry Potter.”

“You want him to have my last name?” James asked with wide eyes. “Not Harry Snape?”

“I was planning on becoming your mate as soon as I could, and often omegas take their alphas last names without being married,” he nodded. “If that’s okay with both of you.”

“That’s a wonderful and very fitting name,” I grinned widely. 

“They had to cast a bunch of spells on him since he was born so early. Apparently, the biological father not being around me made my body go into labor as soon as possible despite all of the potions I was taking,” Severus mumbled as he tried his hardest to stay awake.

“Well, he’s happy and healthy now. Go ahead and go to sleep, love,” James reasoned as he rubbed our omega’s leg with one hand. Severus rested back against the pillows and slowly drifted to sleep with his eyes glued on our newborn pup.

Harry looked up at me with big green eyes and blinked twice before he yawned widely and fell asleep. “I can’t believe that we’re parents,” I whispered as I leaned into James.

“Me too,” he whispered against the skin of my shoulder and neck.

We were able to bring both the baby and our scent mate home after only two days. Mr. and Mrs. Potter were already at the house when we arrived back, eager to meet their eldest grandbaby. Severus was still protective over the infant but allowed them to hold and dote over the newborn for a reasonable amount of time. We settled into a good rhythm with each other once more. We would take shifts getting up with Harry when he cried during the night, most of which was just fussing since he wanted attention.

Our little one was about six months old, Severus was home alone with him a lot. I had gotten a job and had to start doing more work for the Order. We kept Harry a secret from everyone else, only speaking about him in vague terms so that no one knew about our pup nor did they know about our scent-mate.

“Sev! Harry! I’m home,” I called as I placed my keys on their hook and then walked further into the house. Severus was seated on the couch facing the fireplace with our little one napping in his legs.

“Welcome home, love,” he smiled as he turned to look back at me. “I do have something to tell you and James when he gets home as well.”

“Something good or bad?” I asked as I leaned over the back of the couch and pressed a kiss to his cheek.

“That depends,” he replied as he shifted around anxiously. Harry woke up on his lap and blinked his bright green orbs at me twice before giggling and reaching up with his chubby hands.

“Hi there sweet love,” I cooed as I reached over and tickled his tummy. “Have you been good for Mommy today?”

“He was, actually. He went down for his nap really well,” Severus smiled proudly down at his pup.

“I wonder if Remus regrets what he did to you,” I blurted before I thought better of it.

“I hope not. If he regrets it then he could try and take Harry away from us,” my omega scent-mate frowned deeply.

“Home!” James shouted as the tell-tale pop of apparition echoed through the house from the mudroom. He walked over to us and kissed Severus before wrapping his arms around my hips and kissing me passionately. 

“Now that you’re both here I can tell you,” Severus said as he picked Harry up and cradled him expertly while walking around the couch to talk to us more formally.

“Is something wrong, Sev?” James asked worriedly as he grabbed Harry’s little hand as the beta reached out for him.

“You know that I’ve been wanting work for some time, right?” I asked. 

“Yes,” I nodded as I glanced over to James and then turned my attention back to the omega.

“Professor Dumbledore came by today and offered me a job that I couldn’t refuse,” he replied, looking away from us.

“What was the job?” James asked, worry leaking out of his dark licorice scent.

“It was something that will really help with the war effort. It could mean that the Order and the Ministry would be able to take down he-who-must-not-be-named,” he rambled, avoiding actually answering.

“Sev, we love you and we will support you. We supported James when he chose to become an Auror. So whatever this job is we’re here to support you,” I said as I reached out and touched his shoulder lightly.

“He asked me to go undercover as a Death Eater. I would be posing as a double agent for them while I’m actually a triple agent for the Order,” he quickly rushed out.

“And you’ve already accepted?” James asked. He looked worried and concerned, but there was no flare of anger or resentment for our mate.

“I have. It does mean that I’ll have to get the Dark Mark. I think it’d be better if I moved out as well. Just so that I had a permanent residence where people could think that I lived even if I spent some time with you two and the baby,” he said.

“Speaking of which,” James sighed, rubbing the stubble on his chin. “Apparently Trawlany got a prophecy and You Know Who got wind of it. He’s looking for babies born in July from Wizards.”

“And Harry was born early in July,” I finished as my heart sunk down into my stomach. “I was thinking that we should go into hiding. No one really knows about Harry, or that he came from Severus and not from you, Lils.”

“Maybe this will work out. We can keep Harry here with us and go into hiding and then Sev can come and visit us whenever he can,” I replied as I looked over to Severus.

“It doesn’t make me happy but I think it will work,” he nodded firmly. “I talked to Peter earlier and he said that he already had an apartment that I could start renting since Dumbledore wants me to start working as quickly as possible,” the omega said. He paused and sniffled heavily, trying to resist crying.

“Oh Severus,” James whispered, wrapping the omega into a hug as he broke into tears. I wiggled Harry around so that he wouldn’t be uncomfortable before I hugged the other side of him.

“I don’t want to have to leave any of you. I love you all so much,” he whispered when he had finally stopped crying.

“We don’t want you to leave either, but if it means that we can raise our son in a better world that much quicker than I’m willing to do anything,” James replied with a shaky smile.

“You’re such a Gryffindor,” Severus laughed as he kissed the alpha’s lips. We spent the rest of the time that we could together until Severus had to pack and move away from us. The Order came and cloaked our house so that no one would be able to find us. 

The days and nights blurred together as time continued to pass. Harry grew up faster than I thought was possible, and soon we were celebrating his first birthday with our omega mate. Severus had to leave in the middle of our little party and then came back injured the next night. I spent most of my time reading to our pup and worrying about both of my mates.

The night was getting nippier as October settled over us. I had Harry on my hip as he babbled almost-words into my ear. James was down in the living room, checking on a disturbance in the wards around the house. I heard running and darted into the nursery as quickly as I could. I set Harry down on the changing table and winced as I heard steps coming up the stairs that certainly didn’t sound like my mates’.

“Mummy loves you, sweetheart,” I cooed at the pup to try and keep his quiet despite my frightful scent. “You’re so loved,” I whispered as I kissed the top of his head. I felt something inside of me, my magic perhaps, reaching out and enveloping the pup as I whirled around to see who was opening the door.

I wasn’t able to get a good look at the stranger before I saw a flash of green cross my vision before I fell down to the floor. My will to live fought against the spell for a moment before the spell took over and everything went black.



So, I did have to change the prompt a little bit with the transfiguration so that it could fit a little bit more into the A/B/O AU that I write in. It also turned out a little bit different than the prompt originally asked for. I hope that you still enjoy it and it ends up being everything that you wanted!

WARNING: This one-shot contains graphic depictions of sex, breeding kinks, slut worship, lingerie, feminization, gender play, and other BDSM elements.


Lace gripped sides, bending and melding over wide hips and a less than thin waist. It traveled up tanned skin and then bowed out to cup and hold breasts that hadn’t been there just five minutes before. It stopped at the bra part and turned into two bands of elastic to go over the shoulders. Bellow, it cupped around a magically reduced penis and slicked folds that just couldn’t wait to be fucked. The initial piece stopped there, but it was accompanied by a white as snow pair of stockings that cupped legs and supple thighs with muscles tensing from the heels delicately placed on his feet. A band of plain ribbon wove around his hips and held up a sheer lace skirt that went down to brush against the floor as he walked. A sheet of lace-covered his face, stemming from a ring of stark white flowers that contrasted in a lovely way to his dark locks.

In other words, Harry was beautiful and ready to be fucked.

He smirked as he turned himself around in the mirror once more. It had taken a couple of awkward conversations with Hermione and a lot of practice, but he had managed to get the desired effect out of the body. He wasn’t fond of being so feminine as he had always been a masculine omega, but he knew that his alpha adored gender-play. 

He heard the front door opening and hurried to his nest as excitement flew through him like a tidal wave. He just got down on the bed before he felt a wave of slick gush from his cunt and down onto the lacey panties attached to the leotard like lingerie. He adjusted the veil for a moment before he put his arms out to the side and folded his legs on top of each other.

“Harry?” Ron called from somewhere in their house.

“In the bedroom!” he shouted back, making sure that his voice was as omegan as he could.

“What are you doing in- oh,” Ron said as he opened the door to reveal his courting partner on top of the bed. He had a bouquet of pretty pink and red roses in his hand that fell from his fingers as he looked over Harry a couple of times. “What’s this for?”

“Mm, Daddy,” he moaned, slick rushing from him and soaking the spot underneath him. “I wanted to give you a special surprise for our anniversary, and hopefully ask you a couple of things,” he bit his lip as he stood up from the bed and then gracefully kneeled in front of Ron.

“What questions do you want to ask me, gorgeous?” the alpha asked with a muffled moan. 

“I wanna pleasure you before I ask the first question,” Harry requested gently as his hands moved up to the tent in the robes in front of him. 

“Go ahead,” the redheaded alpha replied dumbly as he leaned back against the oak door and let the omega go to work.

Harry carefully removed his pants and freed his cock from its confines. The omega stroked up and down it a couple of times, despite the member already being hard as stone. He quickly picked up the sheer veil covering his face and removed the wreath of flowers from his head. He tossed it to the side to be picked up later before he leaned forward, pressing his lips to the vein popping out on the underside of the member. His tongue darted out from between his lips and slowly ran down to the base. He licked back up, pressing his entire tongue to the underside of the cock in his hands. When he reached the tip, he hardened it and licked into the tiny slit. He moaned, deep and feral as he tasted the slick saltiness of precum flood over his taste buds.

“Shit, Harry,” Ron moaned, his hands traveling down to his courting partner’s hair. “You’re such a tease.”

Harry smirked and then slowly encased the mushroom head in his mouth. He moved his head down, taking more and more of the cock into his mouth as he did so. While moving his head, he swirled his tongue around the member as well as he could. Soon, the cock touched the back of his through and he had to go slack to allow for it to go all the way in. 

“Fuck!” his alpha moaned as he bucked into his mouth. Harry hummed and swallowed around the member, getting more precum to drip onto his tongue. “Shit, baby, you take me so good,” he groaned as he rolled his hips. He threw his head back against the wall, moving his cock further down his courting partner’s throat.

Harry easily took it in. He raised his hands and placed them on Ron’s thighs to brace himself so that he had something to grip onto. He hummed deep in his chest as he pulled his head back and then took the entire thing back into his mouth. He swallowed around the massive member and then slowly began to ease it out of his mouth. Ron threaded his long, pale fingers through the dark locks and held his head back. He wrapped his other hand around his member and pumped twice before he came down onto the omega’s face, spurting cum all over the dark, tanned skin.

Harry had his mouth open and his tongue out, but his eyes were closed since they had already found out how quickly cum could get under glasses. 

“Good boy,” Ron grunted as the thick streams of cum slowed down to signify the end of his orgasm.

“Daddy,” Harry moaned as he rocked back and forth. He had positioned his feet under him in such a way that his heel was in the perfect spot to pleasure his clit when he moved a certain way.

“Go clean yourself up and then come back here,” Ron ordered gently. He smirked as he watched the omega quickly skitter away to the bathroom. His cock was already hard again, aching and throbbing to be inside the tight heat that his lover emitted.

Harry rushed out as soon as he had gotten the cum out of his face and off of his glasses. “Daddy,” he whined as he sat down in the submissive pose in front of his lover. 

“You said you had a question to ask me, omega. Ask it,” he ordered as his fingers threaded through the omega’s hair once again. 

“I wanna be your bride,” he smiled as his mind slowly slipped away from him. He loved being manhandled as if he were some toy for his daddy to fuck whenever he wanted. 

“Oh? You wanna be daddy’s forever?” Ron asked with a smirk. He released the omega’s hair and patted his lap twice. Harry quickly got the message and scrambled onto his lap. He moaned happily as he could feel his boyfriend’s cock rubbing against the lace-covered, slick cunt. 

“Yes!” Harry moaned, rocking down onto the alpha to get some stimulation to hit cunt. “I wanna be Daddy’s cum dumpster and breeding slut.”

“Fuck, omega,” Ron growled. He placed his hands firmly under his boyfriend’s ass and then flipped him over so that Harry was pinned down to the bed. His hands flew over the omega, getting each piece of the lingerie off of him and thrown down onto the floor below the bed. Harry helped, moving his body around like a rag doll to allow the alpha to remove the clothing that he needed to.  While he was de-clothing the omega, Ron took the time to fully remove his trousers and pants until he was completely naked.

“How badly do you want to be owned, baby?” he asked as he stroked his cock. 

“So badly,” he begged desperately. “I wanna feel your cock so deep inside me that I know that I’ll be yours forever. Wanna be so owned that I’m your broodmare, that I’m pregnant all the time with your pups, Daddy,” Harry moaned out.

“Fuck,” Ron moaned as he pressed the head of his cock into the hot folds of his lover’s cunt. Harry moaned and arched his back as his teeth went to worry his lip in between them. They turned cherry red and blood was drawn to them, making him look all the more well fucked and kissable. As he pressed his cock into the omega, inch by tantalizingly slow inch, his hands traveled all over his lover. The trailed up his thighs and then over luscious hips and up to the transfigure breasts. His hands reached under the massive cup size, squeezing gently at the supple flesh.

Harry winced and wiggled a small bit, obviously uncomfortable at the touch. “Does that not feel nice, love?” Ron asked as he dropped his hand down so that it was pressed against the soft material of their bed instead. He began to move his hips back and slowly press in as another way to tease his lover.

“It doesn’t feel good when they’re squeezed,” he mumbled as he shook his torso so that the breasts lolled from side to side. Ron hummed in acknowledgment and then leaned down. His tongue darted out and lapped at the silky flesh, leaving behind trails of wetness. He licked a thin stripe up Harry’s left breast and then sucked in the air on it.

“Oh!” the omega moaned, wiggling about as the cock slipped out of him.

“Look at what you’ve done now, pretty thing,” the alpha tutted. He wrapped a hand around the base of his cock and guided it back into the tight heat of his lover. One hand stayed at their sexes, stroking the enlarged and throbbing cock-like clit that his lover held. 

“Sorry, Daddy,” Harry replied breathlessly. He clamped his cunt down on the cock just as it slipped out of him and then moaned loudly when it was thrust back in as quickly as possible. Ron leaned back down and took one of the huge nipples into his mouth. He sucked as hard as he could, which drew a cry of ecstasy out of his lover.

They had only been going at it for about ten minutes and he could already tell that Harry was nearing his edge. He smirked as an idea formed into his mind. He pulled off of the breast and kept fucking into him as he spoke. “Just imagine how big you’re going to get, all fucked up with my pup. Being my housewife, just here to tend for my brood of children,” he chuckled.

“I want it! I want it so bad!” Harry whined as he rocked his hips in time with the thrusts to get the maximum amount of pleasure that he could. “I wanna be huge for you, Daddy.”

“With tits so full of milk you beg me to help you, like a cow,” he teased softly as his hands moved up to toy with both nipples at once. His omega whimpered at the loss of stimulation on his clit, but it was clear that his orgasm was quickly approaching due to the dirty words spewing out of his lover’s mouth.

“Fuck, baby,” Ron swore as he felt the hot walls around his cock tighten against him at just the right time. He slid all the way in and began to thrust his hips against Harry without pulling out, just grinding into his lover aimlessly.

“Daddy!” Harry cried out as his back arched. He clenched down around the thick member inside of him and sent an arc of gushing liquid out of his body and onto the chest of his lover.

“Holy Hell,” Ron swore as he saw that all the dirty talk had managed to make his omega mate squirt. He cummed deep inside of his mate, his hips still rocking into him to try and push the cum deeper and deeper into his cunt. 

“Fuck,” Harry swore as he collapsed against the bed. He was breathing hard and quivering slightly at the force that his orgasm had taken. “Knot me, please,” he whined desperately. Ron did as he was told and shoved his knot deep into the omega to be able to properly breed him.

“Fuck, you’re so big. I always feel like I’m getting split apart from the inside when you fuck me like that,” Harry giggled slightly. He was slowly coming out of the natural omega headspace as well as the subspace that he had been lulled into. 

“You love it,” the redhead teased as he wrapped his arms around the omega and picked him up. He led them to the bathroom and started the shower. He placed Harry on the countertop that held their sink and slowly began to kiss him as they waited for the water to heat up. 

“Were you serious about wanting to get married?” Ron asked before he picked his mate up and carried him to the shower. He pressed him up against the wall and then detached the showerhead from its holder. He sprayed the water over himself and his mate just as Harry answered.

“Yeah. We’ve been together for three years, and we’ve known each other since we were eleven. I think it’s about time that we get married,” he nodded with a soft smile. 

“Really?” Ron asked again as he began to nuzzle into his neck. The showerhead slipped from his fingers and banged loudly against the wall, but neither of them cared.

“Yes, really,” the omega laughed as he bared his neck to his courting partner.

“Will you let me propose properly?” Ron asked worriedly.

“If you want to. I’ve never really been one to do anything traditionally,” Harry shrugged.

“I’m going to surprise you with a beautiful ring and something romantic. You deserve it,” he said decidedly.

“If that’s what you want to do,” Harry shrugged. He unwound his legs from the alpha’s hips and slowly slipped Ron’s cock out of him since the knot went down enough that they could separate.

“I do,” he nodded firmly. He picked the showerhead back up and placed it back on the holder on the wall. He grabbed Harry’s shampoo and lathered it through his dark locks before he rinsed it out sweetly. When he had washed himself and the omega he removed Harry from the shower and then dried them both off. Neither of them bothered to put on clothes and they got into their bed, cuddled together closely under the silky sheets.

“We should clean up,” Harry mumbled as he tucked his head under his lover’s chin.

“Yeah. That can wait until the morning though. I don’t want you to leave my arms for some time,” he murmured against the omega’s hair.

“I love you,” Harry giggled. He couldn’t wait to mate the alpha, let everyone know how devoted they were to each other. He hoped that their family would be just as big and lively as the Weasley’s had been. No one deserved to grow up lonely like he had.

“I love you, too,” Ron murmured before he yawned and drifted off. Harry smiled softly as he heard the alpha above him begin to snore. He wiggled away from him for just a moment and undid the transfiguration to his body before he fell asleep as well.



I know that it's taken me forever to get this up, and I'm really sorry about that! I hope that you like it regardless!

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3

WARNINGS: swearing, cheating, underage sexual scenarios, and child neglect

“Mum?” Petunia called as she hurried down the steps. She stopped when she got about halfway down and scowled. Her stomach rolled with resentment and anger. Things had just gotten better and her parents were finally paying attention to her again, so of course, she had to be back.

“Petunia, darling!” her mother grinned widely as she got up and rushed over to her younger child. “Look, your sister is home! And she’s brought back such a handsome boyfriend. Come and sit with us.”

“No, I’d rather not,” Petunia muttered as her mother grabbed her arm and tugged her to sit down on the couch. Her father was cleaning up a tarp that was covered in ash, making her scowl even harder.

“You can never resist a chance to show off, can you?” she sneered slightly as she crossed her arms over her chest. “Can’t do one thing normally?”

“Why should she do anything normal when she has such marvelous gifts?” her mother asked with a small laugh. “Lily, dear, come and introduce us to your boyfriend.”

Lily beamed brightly and wrapped her arms around the boy’s and then tugged him over to the couch. They sat down next to their parents, leaving Petunia alone on her seat. “James, this is my family. My parents and my sister, Petunia,” she smiled, waving her hand vaguely around at them as she spoke.

“Mum, Dad, this is my boyfriend James Potter,” she giggled, wrapping her arms tightly around his arm and leaning her head on his shoulder.

“It’s so nice to meet you, James,” their mother chuckled sweetly as her eyes crinkled with smile lines.

“I trust you’ve been treating our girl well?” their father said with a stern raise of his eyebrows. Petunia had been on the receiving end of that look more times than she could count as she acted out in a desperate attempt to get as much attention as her placid sister.

“I hope I have been, sir,” he replied with a small laugh. His eyes were wide and he looked rather overwhelmed as his eyes darted around the room to take everything in.

“James is from a pureblood wizard family, so he’s a little old-fashioned,” Lily giggled.

“Maybe old-fashioned is better. Wouldn’t want another red-haired annoyance running around the house before your graduate,” Petunia spat back.

“Petunia!” their mother scolded. “Your sister has just come home from school and we have a guest in the house. Can you not act properly for ten minutes?”

“Not with her around. There’s enough perfection to kill someone in here,” she growled as she stood from the couch. “Now, Vernon wanted to take me out somewhere nice, since you never bring me to the dinners with Lily.”

“You’re not going out. Stay here and talk with your sister. What kind of behavior is this?” their father said gruffly.

“Why should I stay here when everyone in the room is against me and on her side?” Petunia shrieked. Her hands balled into fists by her side and her long hair fell over her shoulder and into her eyes.

“Why do we have to have sides, 'Tunia?” Lily asked with that perfect, docile pout of hers.

“Because whenever you’re around, my life turns into an eternal Hell pit,” she swore as she turned and stomped out of the living room and back up to her bedroom. She made sure to slam her door as hard as she could before she collapsed down to the ground. She folded her arms over her legs and began to sob into her knees. The force of her cries caused her shoulders to shake and she heaved for air, bringing a bout of hiccups with it. 

Once the tears had stopped, she picked herself up from the ground. She cleaned up her face with a couple of tissues and then settled down at her desk to do some reading and over the Summer homework projects she had been neglecting.

She didn’t come down for dinner that night and focused solely on finishing the book that Vernon had bought her for her birthday when the afternoon ebbed into twilight. Her parents didn’t bother to bring her up a plate of food like they would Lily if she had had a fit and locked herself in her room.

Sometime around midnight, she rubbed the sleep out of her hair and then opened her door. She peaked her head out slightly and turned it both left and right several times to make sure that no one was awake at this hour. Once she was sure that she was the only conscious occupant of the house, she carefully walked down to the kitchen. Her feet made soft padding noises as she purposefully walked on the rugs that her parents had put down over the hard-wood floor.

She rushed to the pantry where her parents kept the snack as images of foods flashed in her mind. Due to her stubbornness, she hadn’t realized how hungry she was until she was so close to the food that she could taste it. She placed both of her hands on the knob and twisted carefully so that it wouldn’t make its normal obnoxious creaking sound. 

“Oh, someone’s already in here,” a deep male voice said just as she had gotten the door open.

She whirled around, fire in her eyes and threats on the tip of her tongue. They both fled as soon as she caught sight of her sister’s boyfriend for the first time. She had been so mad earlier that she hadn’t paid much attention to what he looked like. 

He had an unruly mop of black hair plastered onto his head. It kept falling into his stormy grey eyes that mixed with shiny silver and vibrant blue. He was the perfect height for her desired preference. His body was fit in all the right places, but the muscles didn’t bulge out unseemingly. Something about him just seemed to scream handsome in a way that no other man ever had.

“Did you need something?” she asked.

“I was going to try and find a glass of water,” he answered shyly. He had a slight flush across his nose and cheeks, extending to the tips of his ears underneath the curly black locks.

“Can’t you just magic yourself one?” she asked as she raised her eyebrow in a way she knew was very akin to her father’s way of doing stuff.

“We’re not allowed to use magic outside of school,” he replied. “And I wanted to try and use muggle things to help Lily.”

“Why do you have to have a word for non-magic people?” she growled, narrowing her eyes at him.

“I-I don’t know. I’ve never really thought of that before. We have a lot of words for people that aren’t specifically the generic witches or wizards,” James shrugged in reply.

“That’s discriminatory. Why should you have different names for different people when we’re all the same species?” she grumbled. She had been to a couple of protests in her day and had thoroughly enjoyed getting to put ignorant people in their place.

“I suppose I’ve never thought of it that way,” the male nodded with a slight pause. “I don’t know why we should have different names for different people,” he smiled slightly.

She blushed and cleared her throat, trying to ignore the arousal that she felt brewing in her stomach. This was her loathed sister’s boyfriend, he was just as untouchable as her happiness was. “You needed water?” she asked quickly as she shut the pantry behind her and then quickly walked across the kitchen.

Petunia flung open one of the cupboards and stopped it with her hand before it could hit anything and make a noise loud enough to wake someone up. “I think I can get it myself if that’s alright. I was serious about wanting to learn all…” he paused and gestured his hand around the quaint kitchen. “This.”

“Why?” she asked as she grabbed a mug and filled it with water from the tap. “Your world is filled with so much amazement and it’s so much better than all of this. Why would you want to learn anything about this kind of thing?”

“Lily comes from this world, and I care for Lily,” he replied. He grabbed the mug as she offered it to him, but his fingers lingered on hers for just a moment too long.

“So you care for her? You’re just as enamored by her as everyone else is?” she asked with a sigh. Under any other circumstance, she might have liked James. But instead, he had to choose to date her dull sister.

“Well,” he shrugged nervously after he drained all of the water from the mug and then set it down on the counter. “Do you think that you can keep a secret?”

“What kind of question is that? Do I look like the loose-lipped girl you would find gabbing away in any cafe?” she asked snidely. She adored secrets and the power that came with knowing them. She liked being the one in control, with all of the power and stimulation that they came with. However, once you spread a secret so much that it became well-known by anyone who would care, then it lost all of the power that it might have held.

“No, you don’t,” he laughed as his hand rubbed the top of the mug. He took a deep breath and then continued. A guilty look was plastered over his handsome features, “I thought that I would like her a lot more than I do. When we started dating she seemed to have this wicked spark,” he smiled.

“You clearly didn’t know my sister very well then,” Petunia snorted as she backed up to the counter. She placed both of her palms down on it and then hefted herself up so that she was sitting on top of the cool tile. She crossed her legs and tugged her skirt down so that it would cover a little more skin. 

“I found that out after we had already been dating for about a month,” he sighed. “I was hoping that she would be the type of girl to go along with my pranks and laugh at my antics, but all she does is get mad at me. I think she was hoping that she would be able to change me into the man she really wants,” he sighed.

“Probably. She always had some strange ideal in her head that she would be able to find some prince like they do in all the fairytales,” Petunia snorted.

“You don’t seem to be like her. If someone told me you weren’t related I think I’d be more inclined to believe that,” James smiled after a moment. He set the mug down on the counter and walked towards her. The man placed one hand on either side of her leg and leaned closer to her. She could feel his breath brush up against her unnervingly long neck, making her bite her lip and shiver in anticipation. 

The wrongness of the situation struck her again, but she found that there was nothing inside of her that could make her stop it. Her sister’s boyfriend was unfaithful because she was so boring and bland in everything but looks. It would serve her right to end up with someone that liked Petunia more than Lily because that would finally be one thing that the younger sister had over the older.

“You’re dating my sister,” she said, despite herself. She did care for Lily, despite all the resentment that had built up over the Summer. Vernon didn’t even cross her mind until now, because she was just dating him so that her parents couldn’t find her lack of a boyfriend to pick out as one of her deeper faults.

“Maybe I want to become a florist. And try different kinds of flowers,” he whispered, pressing his lips against hers in a chaste kiss. “Maybe, I’ll find the one I really like,” he smirked.

He surged forward again and caught his lips on hers. This kiss was far more passionate than the last one had been, with both participants pushing back and forth on one another until they had to separate for air.

Perhaps her sister coming back for the Summer wasn’t the worst thing after all.



Sorry that this took me so long to get out! Hope you like it!

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3

The courtyard hushed significantly as the Golden Trio walked through it. Moments before it had been abuzz with gossip and rumors about the Yule Ball and who was taking who. Now, all the students silently watched as Harry Potter walked over the cobblestones with his two best friends hook to either side.

“You’d think that they would have gotten over it by now,” he muttered as they emerged out onto the grassy hills of the wider Hogwarts grounds.

“To be fair, mate, a lot of them aren’t astonished about the whole fourth contestant thing anymore. Word got out pretty fast that you asked Malfoy to the ball,” Ron replied.

“You did what?” Hermione immediately snapped. 

“Calm down, Mione,” Harry sighed with a small roll of his eyes. “Apparently the wizarding world is a lot more accepting of all kinds of things than Muggles are,” he shrugged.

“Do you really expect me to believe that? Their technology and half of their mindset haven’t made it past the Victorian Era!” she hissed in an accusatorial manner while reaching out to hit his arm with the thick book that she had been carrying.

Ron was about to open his mouth and say more but was stopped when someone came barreling up the hill. Victor was all limbs and an uncoordinated mess when he was on the ground, and that came out, even more, when he was running. “Ah, hello,” he said awkwardly, smiling at the trio. 

Hermione beamed when she saw him and clutched her book tightly to her chest as anticipation fluttered through her. 

“I have come to-to,” he stuttered as a flush developed across his nose. “I meant to say, I am wanting to ask-” 

The only female member of their friend group quickly cut him off with a giggle, “Are you going to ask me to the Yule Ball?”

“Ah, no. I am afraid not. You are a lovely person and it is very stimulating to talk to you, but I am gay,” Victor said with a forced smile. Harry covered his hand with his mouth and he snorted with laughter at the blush that soon consumed Hermione’s face.

“Harry did tell you, ‘Mione,” Ron smirked at her before his attention was drawn away.

“I came to ask Ronald to attend the Yule Ball with me,” he grinned, looking all the more like a bird of prey.

“Wait, really? You came to ask me out?” Ron squeaked, excitement and nerves gliding through him and consuming his entire being.

“I did say Ronald, correct? My English is not the best,” he replied with an awkward laugh.

“No, you did say my name. I was just making sure that it was actually me you wanted to ask out and not someone else,” he giggled eagerly as he rubbed the back of his head. “I would love to go to the Yule Ball with you. Thanks for asking me.”

“Yes, of course. I would like to take you to the town just below the hills,” he said, pointing to Hogsmeade a ways away. “As well.”

“Oh, yeah. A date is fine with me,” Ron nodded. Victor smiled at them and then walked back the way that he had come. 

“I just got asked out on a date,” Ron grinned wickedly as he turned around to look at his friend. 

“I noticed,” Harry replied, his voice clipped and irritated. “I just remembered that I left something back in the dorms. I’ll catch up with you later,” he said offhandedly before he turned around and nearly bolted back towards the castle.

The Great Hall was gorgeous as the students were finally allowed to enter. It had been turned into the most fabulous Winter Wonderland that the teachers could manage. Everything was tinted a silvery blue that glinted off of itself and made everything seem an even starker color. The tables were all draped with a white cloth that pooled on the ground a small bit to give it the illusion of snow. There were huge evergreen trees in each corner, decorated from bottom to top with bands of red and silver tinsel and baubles with each house color hanging off of the branches. Crystalline snowflakes were draped from the rafters and hung low down in the hall, in addition to the huge flakes drifting slowly down onto the enchanted ceiling. 

“Woah,” Harry whispered in astonishment as they walked into the hall. He looked up and then around, taking in everything that had been done to the once familiar location. “I didn’t think that it was possible to decorate something like this.”

“We have magic, Harry. Of course, they could do something like this. It was probably easy for them,” Draco chuckled as he steered the fourth champion of the Triwizard tournament over to where they were supposed to sit.

 Both males couldn’t help but glance over to the redhead sitting with the Durmstrang champion.

“I can’t believe that he accepted his invitation,” Draco sneered as he sat them both down. 

“Ron is a little oblivious when it comes to hints, so I don’t think that he would have picked up on the fact that we wanted him to come with us instead of go with Victor,” Harry shrugged. 

“You’re not the best at picking up cues either, Potter,” Draco teased, winking at his boyfriend.

“I'm sorry that I couldn’t tell that you liked me based on your gittish behavior,” he sassed back.

“I was not acting like a git,” Draco huffed indignantly. Before the argument could continue any further, they had to sit and listen to the teachers prattle on about togetherness and unity. They ate their meal in relative silence, only flirting quietly with each other while keeping a careful eye on their shared crush. The rest of the champions and their dates were just as quiet, despite Fleur and Cho giggling madly at each other about boys and the like.

“Are you ready?” Draco asked the other fourth year as the champions were ushered to the dance floor.

“No,” he admitted. His eyes were nearly glued to the back of his best friend, watching his every movement. Petty jealousy rose in his stomach as he watched Victor’s hands travel up and down the waist of the man he wanted to be dating. 

Draco quickly snapped him out of the angry stupor and started the dance, though he was the one leading. They had agreed a little while ago that it would be easier for the blond to lead since he had had professional ballroom dancing lessons since he could walk. They flew around the dancefloor, grace and poise leaking off of each of the champions and their dates. 

Once the first dance was over, some of the students from the other schools came to the dance floor and began to dance with each other. Harry and Draco disappeared through the crowd to find somewhere to talk. Neither felt like enjoying themselves if they didn’t have the third member of their party with them.

“I wish that he would realize what an idiotic airbag that stupid-” Draco growled when they reached the hall to get some fresh air.

“Calm down,” Harry laughed, pressing a hand to his shoulder. “There’s nothing that we can do. Victor asked him out instead of just dropping dumb hints to try and get him to realize that we had feelings.”

Draco sighed and wrapped his arms around the taller boy. He pressed his forehead to Harry’s shoulder and mumbled, “I guess he got there first.”




Morning dew clung to everything as James rose from the bed to stare out the window. He undid the latch and opened it, allowing the soothing smell of morning to flood into the stuffy room. He glanced back to the bed and hummed happily as he saw that his mate was stirring from his sleep as well.

“Is it already morning?” Severus complained as he rubbed one eye.

“Yeah. Already morning,” James chuckled at the angry growl that his alpha made. “Maybe if you hadn’t stayed up half the night reading you wouldn’t hate it so much.”

“I wasn’t just reading, I was doing research. Dumbledore wants me to be a teacher at Hogwarts so that my whole status can be a little more solid,” he explained. “I have to come up with an entire curriculum.”

“Sounds complicated. I prefer being an Auror,” James snickered. He pulled off his pajama top and flung it in the direction of the hamper before grabbing his work clothes.

“You would,” Severus replied as he slid out of their bed and immediately set to making it. 

“What’s that supposed to mean?” James asked indignantly.

“It means I love you very much. What do you want for breakfast?” the black-haired alpha asked.

“Poached eggs, please!” he said excitedly as he tugged on the rest of the clothes and then slipped into the bathroom. 

Severus chuckled as he watched his mate for a moment. He finished making the bed, picked up James’ mess, and then quickly went down to the kitchen. “Are you sure that you want poached eggs again? You’ve been asking for them at least once a week for months now.”

“They’re one of the only things that sound good,” James whined as he placed both of his hands on the counter and then lifted himself. 

“Alright. Just as long as you’ll eat them,” Severus shrugged as he started the kettle and then got busy making their breakfast. James rambled excitedly about all the things that he had been doing in his job and all the things that he was expecting to do in the near future, despite his husband having already heard all of it beforehand. When they finished eating, James kissed his lover all over his face before he quickly stepped out of view of the windows and apparated into work. 

James smiled brightly as he leaned over the edge of the couch and looked at his sleeping husband. He reached over and gently pressed a hand to the alpha’s face, as a small way of getting just a bit closer to him. Unfortunately, the action awoke the dark-haired male and ruined the moment.

“You’re home from work early,” Severus noted, his voice husky with sleep. 

“I didn’t feel too good,” he shrugged.

“How so?” the alpha asked as he sat up on the couch. He moved his legs off of the cushion next to him and then patted it as his way of asking James to come closer.

The omega grinned wickedly and jumped over the couch to land next to him. Severus huffed and rolled his eyes, but didn’t say anything since he had grown to love the chaotic behavior of his lover.

“How do you not feel well?” he repeated himself as an arm found its way behind James and brought him closer to the alpha.

“I was having some cramping in my lower stomach. I think my cycle is finally settling back down, is all,” he shrugged. “But with the bug that I had a while ago, I just thought it would be better to come home than to get hurt. I also wanted to see you.”

“Of course you did,” Severus snorted as he leaned in and kissed his cheek sweetly. “But if you’re not feeling well I am not going to do anything.”

“Ugh, you’re no fun,” James complained as he flung himself onto the alpha’s lap and threw his arms onto the armrest of the couch.

“I’m a teacher and a potion’s master, fun isn’t in my job description,” Severus snorted as his hand easily fell into place weaving in and out of James’s messy locks. 

“You’re also a triple agent, which is hot,” James giggled as he rolled over so that his stomach was pressed into the alpha’s leg. He groaned and shivered as another pain emerged from the base of his spine and then wrapped around his abdomen. 

“James?” Severus asked, placing one of his lean hands down on the alpha’s back. He rubbed the spot where the hip bone met the spine since he knew that when his lover was closer to his cycle, that’s where it hurt most.

“Sorry, it just hurt again,” he mumbled. 

“Are you sure that you’re alright?” Severus asked as he maneuvered the omega into a sitting position. He got James sitting on his lap and kept rubbing the location on his back as he looked deeply into his eyes.

“Yeah. I mean, these don’t feel any worse than my normal cramps,” he shrugged as one hand went to rest on his stomach. “I think I’m going to take a bath tonight to try and help though.”

“Sounds wonderful to me, love,” Severus chuckled as he pressed another kiss to his cheek. “Have you eaten lunch?”

“Sev, it’s nearly three in the afternoon. Have you eaten anything since this morning?” he asked with a small giggle.

“I fell asleep an hour or two after you left and woke up just now,” he replied with a small blush dusted over his cheeks.

“You should eat something. What do you think we should have for dinner?” James asked. 

The alpha gently moved him onto the couch and then wandered into the kitchen while keeping the conversation afloat. “I see that your appetite hasn’t been affected by your cycle this time.

“I mean, I’m not hungry but I know that I should eat something,” James shrugged.

“I’m glad that you at least somewhat care about the condition of your body now that your job depends on it,” Severus snorted as he found himself a quick snack and returned to his omega.

“Hey, I took care of myself back at school too,” he pouted.

“Whenever Remus or I reminded you, yes,” the alpha chuckled with a small smirk. He leaned down and pressed a gentle kiss to the pouting lips and then pressed their foreheads together for a moment longer.

“I love you,” James whispered, nuzzling against the touch happily. Cloves rolled off of him in waves, along with something else that the alpha couldn’t place. He shrugged it off and assumed that it was something to do with his cycle since it had been weird for quite some time. He released his guttural purr to tune in with the higher-pitched one that James held. Cloves and black licorice wove together like they belonged together, just as mate’s scents were supposed to.

Both of them lost track of time as they sat in each other’s hold, purring and scenting each other like they were long-lost lovers. When they finally snapped out of the intoxicating stupor, an hour had already passed. James giggled and blushed as he rolled his lip between his teeth. Severus placed a hand on his chin and kissed him sweetly. 

“Did you put me under a spell?” the omega whispered, his lips sticking together as he spoke.

“I don’t think so. We’ve never done something like that,” Severus murmured. He took a deep breath and then another to help bring his mind out of the trance-like state that they had been shoved into. “I’m going to order takeaway for dinner tonight. Why don’t you go and take that bath early?” 

“Are you going to join me?” James asked hopefully.

“Not tonight. I still have some work that I want to get done. We’ll be able to spend all day together tomorrow if I get this done,” he promised.

“Fine,” the omega whined. He hefted himself up from the couch and paused as he got another pain. His cycles had always been hard, with his cramps making it hard for him to walk at times, but nothing had ever felt like this. He took a deep breath and then walked up the stairs to get to their bathroom.

He drew himself a bath and shed his clothes, leaving them on the floor for a moment. He glanced down into his underwear and winced as he saw the blood already smeared across the fabric. He’s cast the charm later, at the moment he just wanted to be able to relax.

When the tub had filled to an adequate amount and was the perfect temperature he slipped it, relaxing against the back and letting himself breathe. He closed his eyes and whimpered as he felt another pain. His hands reached up and he clenched the edge of the tub as he worked through it. It finally passed, and he relaxed back into the soothing water around him.

Twenty minutes had passed when he felt an uncomfortable burst of liquid come from his cunt. He couldn’t see the color of the water and didn’t want to as he pulled himself out. He quickly toweled himself off and then got dressed in some of his clothes after casting the charm on his underwear so that the blood would evaporate on contact.

“Sev?” he asked as he came back downstairs.

“Yes?” the alpha immediately responded as he put the phone down and looked over to his mate.

“I’ve decided that I don’t like having cycles,” he grumbled as he walked over to the alpha. He whined and nearly doubled over in pain as another cramp wrapped itself around his abdomen. 

“Omega,” the alpha whispered. He wrapped his arms tightly around his mate and rubbed the special spot to try and help him through the pain.

“This sucks,” he whispered, rubbing his forehead against his mate’s collarbone.

“I know. I’ll find you a pain reliever,” Severus whispered.

“One of the muggle ones, they work better on cramps,” he requested as he sunk onto the couch and wrapped the throw blanket from the back of the couch tightly around himself. The dark-haired alpha returned after a moment with the requested medicine and handed it to his mate along with a bottle of water.

“Thank you,” he smiled as he placed the pill into his mouth and then swallowed it with the water. “I love you.”

“I love you,” he whispered back as he pressed a kiss to his forehead. It had been established early in their relationship that the ‘too’ felt dismissive and rude, so they never responded with ‘I love you, too.’

The pain continued without subsiding throughout dinner, which James picked at until Severus had finished eating. Severus saw the pain that his mate was in and took the burden of after-dinner clean up by himself while sending James to go and sit in the living room. When he had finished, they cuddled together while the alpha read aloud. They retired to bed early since that was the last thing that they could think of that might help James deal with the pain.

“This isn’t normal, James. If you’re still in this much pain tomorrow we should go to a hospital. I don’t care if it's a muggle one or a wizard one, I hate seeing you like this,” Severus whispered as he got into the bed and cuddled up against James’ back. 

“Okay,” he whispered, all of his fighting energy wasted on dealing with the horrendous cramps.

The sun had long since gone down and everything was dead silent when James woke up again. The pain hadn’t subsided, instead, it had increased tenfold and was now accompanied by a surging pressure that was intolerable.

“Severus! Severus!” he nearly screamed as he reached over and hit his alpha’s arm until he was awake.

“James?” the alpha asked as he woke up and saw his lover in so much pain. “What’s wrong?”

“I think I’m dying,” he sobbed, his body pushing something out of him. He was unable to stop it as his stomach muscles contracted and forced something down and out of him. There was a burning sensation deep inside of him, like when he slept with his alpha for the first time after a long while but worse. He whimpered as he felt the edges of his cunt stretch and burn to the point where they felt like they were going to break.

When the pain stopped for a moment he threw the blanket off and then removed his pants, pushing harder and harder as his body was telling him to do. Severus was watching in stunned silence, unsure of what was happening and what he should do about it. For ten minutes, this went on until something finally emerged from him, but it was clear that there was still more inside.

“What is that?” he cried as he looked between his legs, distress rolling off of him in waves.

“James, I think you’re having a baby,” Severus whispered as he looked over the head. He scrambled off of the be and to the bathroom before he returned with an armful of towels. The omega began sobbing as he kept pushing, the force of doing so almost pushing him back into a lying position as his arms quivered.

“Holy shit,” Severus swore as he collected the infant into his arms. The pup squirmed a small bit and then let out a wail, kicking his tiny feet and waving his arms.

“He’s alive at least,” James whispered after a minute or two of them sitting there and processing what had just happened. His instincts hit him like a train and he reached for the baby, letting out a desperate whine. Severus handed the infant over and then got up to contact someone that would be able to help them.

“Hi there,” James whispered as he looked down at the blood and mucus-covered baby. “You are the best hider in the world, you know that?” he asked, his voice soft and maternal as he spoke to the newborn. He grabbed a corner of the towel and used it to clean the gunk off of the baby’s face and especially out of his eyes. 

After a few minutes, Severus returned with a midwife healer. She smiled softly at the sight of James already taking care of the baby. “Love, you need to deliver the afterbirth and then I will be able to tie off the cord and get rid of the placenta,” she said softly. 

“Oh,” he nodded. He whined uncomfortably and pushed a couple more times before the afterbirth slid out of him and onto the bed below. The midwife cast a couple of spells, vanishing the blood and other birthing fluids along with the placenta. She turned back to the baby after cleaning him as well. 

“Is he healthy?” Severus asked worriedly as he sat down next to his lover’s legs. He was nervously watching the interactions of the healer with his omega and child but knew better than to interfere until she began to hurt them. His instincts were flying off of the charts, but he was better at shoving them down than other alphas.

“Despite this being a rare occurrence, they both seem to be in peak condition. There’s not even any tearing,” she smiled kindly. “I want you both to know that you did nothing wrong and that hidden pregnancies are something that just happens. Generally, when an omega is accompanied through a heat but was in danger beforehand, without the danger being enough to stop their heat, their body will hide the pregnancy from them and everyone else as a way of protecting the pup.”

“So my body was just doing it to keep him safe?” James asked as he glanced up from the grubby towel containing their newborn for a moment.

“Yes. Now, I do have a kit for this,” she waved her wand above her head and summoned a bag. She pulled out a baby blanket and offered it to the omega with a nappy and an onesie. James placed his pup into them with her instruction, learning how to properly care for his little one. 

“I’ve left you a book on parenting and the kit. Get a nursery ready and everything else should come pretty naturally. You can bring him into a muggle hospital or Saint Mungos for his check-ups,” she smiled before she apparated away. The snapping sound that came with the action startled the newborn baby, causing him to begin to scream.

“Shh, shh, shh,” James whispered, bouncing him gently so as not to hurt but enough to make him settle again. “Severus, I think I need to feed him.”

“Do you want to do the bottle-feed or breastfeed?” he asked, prepared to go and get whatever his mate needed.

“I’m not some petty omega worried about what a baby will do to my body. I’m going to give my pup the best chance he can get,” James scowled. Severus smiled warmly and helped the omega remove his shirt and position the baby. The tiny thing quickly latched to his chest, sucking away at his first meal ever.

“I can’t believe we’re parents,” Severus whispered. He was now allowing his instincts to come out and was heavily scenting the pup and his mate while kissing James’ jaw to let him know how proud he was.

“Me either,” he giggled. “What should we name him?” 

“Do you want one of the old fashioned Wizard names?” Severus asked.

“No. I want him to be able to live either as a wizard or as a muggle if he wants. Maybe we could name him after my uncle, Harry?” James asked hopefully. His uncle had passed away just two months ago, and it had affected him more than he thought it would.

“I think Harry is an amazing name,” Severus replied with a small smile. When James had finished nursing, they burped the baby like they had been instructed to and there was just a moment of panic when they saw the spit-up but it was calmed after a moment of research.

Harry blinked tiredly at his parents and then yawned, showing off his tiny, toothless mouth. He balled his hands into fists close to his face and then fell asleep while curled close to his mother. 

“Tomorrow, I’m going to nest,” James whispered as he set the baby down in between them and fell asleep with an arm wrapped around the infant. Severus smiled softly and fell asleep cuddled with his family. 




“Harry!” Hermione beamed widely as she opened the compartment door and walked in. “I’ve missed you!”

“Sorry I didn’t write back as much. I spent a lot of the summer hiding from my uncle and cousin,” he explained as he hugged her back and sat down. “How was your summer, Hermione?”

“It was alright,” she shrugged weakly. “I’ve been doing a lot of research into soulmates since I’m going to be turning sixteen soon.”

“Oh yeah,” Harry nodded in affirmation. “I forgot that we all turn sixteen this year. I don’t know if I want to meet my soulmate right now. It wouldn’t be good to switch suddenly in the middle of a fight.”

“I don’t think you should be anticipating getting into fights, Harry,” Hermione tutted before she glanced up.

“‘Mione, Harry,” Ron greeted as he got into their compartment. Hermione stood up and hugged their other friend before she took her seat next to the redhead. “So what are we talking about?”

“Soulmates. I’m nervous to find out who mine will be since I’m going to be turning sixteen in a couple of days,” she smiled shyly.

“If your soulmate has already turned sixteen,” Ron pointed out.

“I mean, of course, but I’ll be one step closer to finding out who they are. And at least we have letters and phones and whatnot nowadays so we can find out who they are rather quickly. Can you imagine what it must have been like before technology?” she shuddered at the thought.

“I never really spent a lot of time thinking about soulmates,” Harry replied with a small shrug. “I guess I’ll be meeting mine soon too.”

“You don’t sound too excited about it,” she pointed out with a  worried scowl.

“I don’t think we should be getting excited about much of anything these days. We’re so close to another war that everything could be taken away from us in the blink of an eye,” Harry snapped back.

“That’s a bit dark even for you, mate,” Ron mumbled.

“Harry, are you sure that you don’t want to tell us what happened this summer?” Hermione asked as she reached a hand across the space between the seats. Harry shook his head and jerked his knee away before she had the chance to touch him, just staring out at the land as it sped past them rapidly.

“So Fred and George are engaged to their soulmate now,” Ron said after a moment. “Mum said that she wants to start planning the wedding as soon as Bill and Fleur have gotten married even though she really doesn’t like Fleur.”

“How has Charlie been doing?” Hermione asked, happy for the change in subject. 

“He seems to be doing well, but everyone else getting soulmates is wearing on him a little bit,” Ron shrugged. “We still love him and his life partner plenty, but I can’t imagine how it feels to not have a soulmate.”

“I thought that his life partner was his soulmate,” Harry spoke up.

“I mean, he is. They did the switching thing until they touched in person, but they didn’t do the kissing thing to stop the switching,” Ron shook his head. 

The trio continued chatting for a while longer, the conversation drifting back to the war eventually. When they reached the castle, the three of them had changed already. They unloaded their belongings and placed them where they had been directed to before getting into the carriages and traveling to the castle. Harry made sure that he gave the thestral a treat and a thank you, despite the odd looks that he was getting from everyone else outside of his friend group.

“Potter,” someone shouted from down the hall when they were just feet from the Great Hall entrance.

“Just ignore him, Harry,” Hermione hissed into his ear as she wrapped an arm around his and tried to drag him into the hall.

Harry pulled his arm from her hold and turned around to face the blond. His heartbeat rapidly in his chest as he caught sight of the person that was supposed to be his rival. He couldn’t stop the arousal and attraction that he felt for the other. “What do you want, Malfoy?”

“Just wanted to make sure that you were alive. I thought that you could have been dragged off by dementors again,” he snickered as he edged closer to the other male. It was obvious by his eyes that his heart wasn’t in it, but that didn’t stop the taunts. 

“You could have also found yourself in Azkaban for spouting lies,” another Slytherin sneered as she pushed past Harry, knocking their shoulders together painfully.

“I’m spouting lies,” he growled as he narrowed his eyes at the both of them. “And you’re one to talk, Malfoy. You could have died from a Hippogriff looking at you the wrong way.”

“Dinner,” Hermione stated firmly as she turned him around and shoved him into the Great Hall.

They found their seats quickly and sat down without much incident. They sat and watched the sorting, clapping, and cheering for each first year that got sorted into Gryffindor. Harry had to return to the dorms by himself as Hermione and Ron were both prefects, which meant that they had more responsibility than he did. He found his bed, pulled out a piece of parchment, and began to scrawl down ideas for the upcoming Quidditch season.

Harry opened his eyes slowly, blinking several times to try and rid them of the sleep that they still clung to. Dim candlelight fell over the bed from inside of the drawn curtains. Everything was too dark, unusually so. He also didn’t remember drawing the curtains, as he only did so when he was doing something private and didn’t want anyone else to see. He sat up and nearly jumped as he felt silky smooth cloth roll over his legs and off onto the bed. Everything was far more soft and smooth than the quilts and cotton sheets in the Gryffindor tower should have been. When his eyes finally cleared, he saw that everything was hued green instead of red.

The first emotion that he felt was exhilaration because he realized that he had finally switched with his soulmate. He had a soulmate, he wouldn’t be virtually alone for the rest of his life, and he would have someone to love that would love him back. On top of just having a soulmate, his soulmate at least went to Hogwarts because he was able to recognize the bedframe and the specialized candles that wouldn’t drip wax onto anything.

The second emotion that felt was panic because the only house that had the colors green and silver was the house that he was supposed to despise more than anything else in the world. His stomach rolled with disgust as he realized that his soulmate was a Slytherin, and that greatly increased the chances of him being stuck with someone that was working for the very wizard that was trying to kill him.

A thought popped into his head and he quickly reached down to thin and pale arms. He grabbed the cuff of the sleeping shirt and tugged it up, biting back a gasp as he saw a Dark Mark swirling there. Behind the mark were thin white lines that marked old scars, overlapping each other in some places but overall looking like they had all been made at the same time.

“Great,” Harry muttered to himself in an oddly familiar voice, though it sounded different as it was ringing from his head. “I have a Death Eater soulmate that hates himself.”

Harry was honestly relieved that his soulmate was male. While he did enjoy women and thought that some of them were very pretty and pleasant to be around, they never gave him the same spark that men did. Granted, no one got to pick their soulmate nor did anyone ever shame anyone for the soulmate that they ended up with, but it was still a relief.

“Malfoy! Get up you fucking pansy!” someone shouted from outside the curtain of the bed and they hit the wooden frame of the bed.

“I’m not Malfoy!” Harry shouted back instinctively.

“Dear Merlin,” a female voice growled. Someone wrenched back the curtains and allowed brighter candlelight to flood into the bed and onto the teenager inside. “So he chose today to switch? Of course,” she growled.

“Parkinson?” Harry asked, flinching back as she reached out and grabbed his wrist.

“Well, I’m not going to be Granger,” she snapped back. She reached underneath the bed and pulled out a trunk where she then got out a uniform and shoved it into his arms. “I trust you know how to dress?”

“Of course. I’m not twelve,” he snapped back.

“At least his soulmate isn’t as placid as he is,” Zabini said from behind her with a smirk. Harry scowled as he quickly went to the bathroom. He changed quickly, trying to ignore the scars that littered the otherwise perfect white skin. He turned and looked into the mirror, seeing a face that he would have never expected to see.

Alabaster hair fell in front of spring sky blue eyes and reached just down to cheekbones so high that they could cut someone. The chin was angular, but not too much and there was just the hint of stubble on the cheeks and neck. 

“I’m Malfoy’s soulmate,” he whispered, though that should have been evident based on what they had called him and who he had found around his soulmate. 

“Please tell me that I don’t have to come in there and help you get dressed,” Parkinson shouted through the door as she got impatient.

“No, you don’t. I’m not a child,” he shot back at her. He flung the door open and stalked out of it, glaring at the other occupants of the room. 

“What are you glaring at us for, Potter? We’re not as evil as the rest of the school thinks we are. We just do what we’re told,” Zabini sneered as he crossed his arms firmly over his chest.

“You do what you're told by Voldemort?” he replied bitterly. Pansy turned a bright shade of red and pushed herself off of the end of the bed that she had perched herself in. She began to stalk across the room and had just barely made it to where Harry was standing before the world snapped black.

He was floating in nothing for a moment before his body filled with his soul, allowing his consciousness to return to where it belonged. “Malfoy?” Ron’s voice asked as a hand reached out and touched his shoulder.

“I’m not Malfoy,” Harry replied, somewhat bitterly. When he opened his eyes, he was sitting on his bed in his pajamas with Hermione and Ron sitting on either side of the bed like concerned parents. 

“Oh, Harry! You’re back,” Hermione wrapped her arms around him in a hug before she pulled back and sat on the edge of the bed like concerned parents. 

“I just found out that my soulmate is someone that I hate,” he whispered, placing both of his hands on his face and found that he was already wearing his glasses.

“You might not hate him as much after what we tell you,” Hermione said as she placed a reassuring hand on his leg.

“What could you possibly tell me that would make me like Malfoy? We’ve hated him for six years,” the sixteen-year-old snapped back.

“When he woke up, I was asleep in the other bed. Everyone else had already gotten up and left, so it was just us. He started crying and screaming like someone was murdering him, so it woke me up too but Hermione was the only one that heard it too. Apparently, he was having a nightmare about the night that the Dark Mark was forced on him,” Ron blurted out.

“I was able to get a lot of information out of him after I explained where he was, what was happening, and put your glasses on him,” Hermione explained. “He was really freaked out. Apparently, a lot of the Slytherins are being pressured into things because of their parents' fear of Voldemort.”

“Parkinson said something like that when I woke up in the Slytherin dorms. They seem to boss Malfoy around quite a bit based on how they were treating me before they realized,” Harry scowled deeply.

“Maybe there’s more to his story than we originally thought,” Hermione murmured. She took a deep breath and huffed after they had been sitting there in silence for a moment or two. “Now, we should get going to breakfast. You two have a lot of homework to catch up on too.”

“Ugh, Hermione,” Ron complained as he hauled himself up from the bed and stalked over to his bed to get his clothes for the day. Harry chuckled weakly and slid out from the thick quilt on his bed as he got ready to dress. He had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach as the tight ball of twine that had been Malfoy in his mind slowly began to unravel. He was sure if he was going to like what he found when the twine had all gone.

 

“Potter!” a familiar voice shouted from behind him as he was traveling through the halls to catch up to Ron and Hermione. He had a little bit more homework to do and had promised Hermione that he would finish it before he left, so he was behind them. He turned around and felt exhilaration fly through him before he remembered that he was supposed to hate the young Death Eater.

“Malfoy,” he replied, though the word held more endearment than malice now.

“We need to speak in private,” he said firmly.

“Where do you suggest we do that, then?” Harry asked, knowing that the two did have quite a bit to discuss.

“I have a place,” he replied, motioning for the Gryffindor to follow him as he turned and walked away. They walked silently down the hall for some time, not so close to each other that they looked like they were involved, but close enough that they wouldn’t lose each other. The fact that they were silently walking through the halls in such close proximity to each other without fighting seemed to baffle most of the students that they crossed paths with. Draco turned down familiar hallways until they finally arrived at the Room of Requirement. 

They entered in and then the door slammed shut behind them. The Room had chosen to decorate itself as a cozy sitting room, with a fire and two chairs sat across from each other with a table in the middle. It was decorated in warm purple, red, and silver tones with a warm gentleness hanging from ever fiber.

“Kiss me,” Draco said suddenly as he turned to face the other teenager. 

“Excuse me?” Harry asked, taking a step back from the pale male.

“If you kiss me then we can get this switching thing over and you won’t end up in my body at the wrong time,” he responded cooly. His hands moved up to heft his bag onto his shoulder and Harry could see that he was trembling a small bit. 

“The wrong time? You mean when you’re doing something shady and illegal?” Harry snapped back in reply.

“Potter, don’t pretend as if you know me. You have no idea what my life is like or what I’ve been through,” he growled back, his posture sinking so that his shoulders were hunched and protecting him.

“I know enough to know that you’ve already sold yourself to Voldemort,” Harry retorted back.

“I didn’t want to,” he whispered bitterly, his head hanging as he stared down at the floor below him. “I didn’t want to be his servant. I wanted to become a potion’s master or work at the Ministry and have a happy and domestic life with my soulmate. My parents had already promised that I would take the Dark Mark and then before I knew what was happening I was in ungodly amounts of pain and on the wrong side of the fight. I’m going to die by the hands of some well-meaning adult because they won’t stop twice to think that some of us have been pressured by our caretakers to do something none of us wanted to do,” he rambled, tears rushing down his pale face as his shoulders.

All of the anger and resentment that Harry had held for the teen in front of him was gone in an instant as his words sunk in. Malfoy hadn’t ever been intentionally evil or malicious towards him, he had just been some poor misguided teen that needed someone to help him. Harry’s body moved on its own as he wrapped his arms around the crying boy, holding him close. 

Malfoy held his hands up and pushed the other away, turning his face to the side so that he was more hidden. “Don’t. Just kiss me and we can go back to hating each other.”

“What if I don’t want to go back to hating you?” Harry asked as he reached out desperately to try and connect with the other teen.

“Why would you ever say that? I’ve already been through so much and told all of you what my life is really like and you have the audacity to tease me like that?” Draco hissed out.

“I’m not teasing. I want to get to know you as my soulmate,” Harry whispered in reply. “But I’m not going to force you to do anything,” he said decidedly. He lifted the pale teen’s chin and pressed a kiss to his lips, making it so that they would no longer switch bodies at random intervals. 

He was about to pull away when Draco caught his hand and pulled him back down for another kiss. This one involved both of them participating and lasted for a lot longer than the simple peck had. Draco pushed back against him, pressing one of his hands to the back of the Chosen One’s head to bring them as close as possible. Harry moaned into the kiss and wrapped his arms around his waist to tug him even closer. 

“You better not be lying to me. Or I really will turn evil and I’ll kill the Chosen One regardless of whether or not Voldemort has ordered me to or not,” Draco whispered, smiling slightly. 

Harry laughed as he pressed his forehead against the other teen’s. “I don’t plan on taking my word back. You’re my soulmate, and we need to start trust now,” he giggled.

“God, just shut up and kiss me again,” Draco rolled his eyes as he grabbed hold of Harry’s tie and brought him in for another kiss.



I chose to do Draco/Harry for this because I didn't see Ron as one for getting tattoos and it made more sense to have Draco there. I hope that you like it!

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone!

NOTE: this is an AU, no magic, but they still went to a boarding school where they met.

The cool summer breeze blew through the window, causing the light-colored curtains to billow into the room gracefully before they settled back against the wall and then repeated the process. The sounds of birds chirping and children playing floated in along with the smell of freshly cut grass and pollen. Draco stood in the middle of their spare room with an easel set up in the corner closest to the open window. He had his paints spread out on a palette set down on the desk next to them. He was glancing outside at the large apple tree that was growing outside of their home and painting it.

Over time, the light faded away and dark grey clouds rolled over the sky until they coated it like a thick quilt. The sounds faded and stopped until the only thing that was left was a dark rumbling as far off thunder shook the quaint hills. 

“Hey,” Harry greeted offhandedly as he walked over to the window and shut it, stopping the pleasant smell from wafting into the room.

“What did you do that for?” Draco complained as he sat his paintbrush into the water to rinse off the pigment so it wouldn’t contaminate another part of the painting. 

“A storm’s coming. If you’re painting, then you don’t want to get it all over the canvas, right?” Harry asked pragmatically. 

“I suppose so, but if it’s going to rain then I’m going to stop anyway,” Draco shrugged as he made a move to grab the brush. Before he could do so, Harry grabbed it from behind him. He then nabbed the paper towel that his lover had been using to clean the bristles and did it for him. 

“What are you doing?” Draco asked as he raised an eyebrow. 

“You said that you were done painting, so now it’s my turn,” he grinned in reply. “Sit down,” he said, planting himself down on the expensive, and ugly, rug that Narcissa had given them last Christmas when they moved in.

Draco hid a smile, trying to act like he was still angry at the other man and suspicious of what he was going to do. Harry set the paintbrush down on the rug and then removed his boyfriend’s shirt in one quick movement, revealing the plethora of tattoos that he had gotten when he was a teenager and trying to rebel against his parents. A few more had been added to the collection after he had gotten together with Harry and had discovered himself.

Harry grabbed the palette off of the table and balanced it precariously on his knee as he dipped the brush into the red paint. All of Draco’s tattoos were black and white, with very little fill since he hadn’t cared much about the majority of them when he got them.

“Harry…” Draco trailed off as he moved away from him a small bit. Harry moved his hand forward a small bit and trailed the paint covered brush up a heart that Draco had tattooed directly over his own. It was as automatically correct as the artist could have made it at the time, and purely there for the shock factor. Harry let the brush outline the dark edges, filling in an outline. He moved back down the palette and mixed just a tiny bit of white with the red and then filled in the rest of the tattoo, giving it a weak pink color.

“Why are you doing this?” Draco asked as the other man cleaned off the brush and then moved onto the next tattoo which was a snake coming out of a skull on his forearm. 

“Because it’s my turn to paint, and I wanted to paint the sexiest thing in the world,” he replied with a wickedly devious grin.

“At least you flatter me while you do your bizarre stunts,” Draco laughed as he let his arm get turned from side to side while Harry painted it.

“God, you’re so much better at this than I am,” he whined as he struggled to keep the baby blue paint inside of the lines of the cloud and sun. 

“There’s a reason that I’m the painter and you’re the photographer,” Draco chuckled as he watched his boyfriend work as best he could. He loved the way that Harry would tuck his tongue in between his lips whenever he was focusing on something.

“You better let me do a photoshoot of you with these all done up. I already have some great ideas,” he grinned wickedly as he continued to trace over the lines with the acrylic pigment. 

“I always do end up humoring your strange ideas,” Draco chuckled. “Just as long as you promise to only post them on your socials and not print them out.”

“I promise,” he grinned as he pulled his head up from where he had been staring intently at the tattoo on Draco’s shoulder and kissed his lips softly. 

“I love you,” Draco murmured as Harry once again cleaned off the brush and dabbed it into rose-red paint for the carnation on his collarbone. 

“I love you more,” he replied as he mixed the paint with black to make it darker for the edges. They sat in silence for a while, Draco just allowing his lover to work and snickering at the occasional cuss word that Harry muttered when something didn’t go his way.

“This is my favorite one,” the other man said softly when he had moved around to the back piece Draco had gotten for their five-year anniversary. The top had cursive words in an old-timey type font that read the motto of Malfoy’s family. The main piece was a lion sitting back on its haunches with a silver snake wrapped around the torso with the main part of the body peaking through the mane. The bottom had Harry's family motto, as a symbol of their families intertwining together with their union. It had been thought about for a long time and even though the two men hadn’t bothered to get married yet, they had been dating for almost ten years.

“I know,” Draco chuckled. He shuddered as the cold paint ran along the mane of the lion, covering it with a coppery golden color. The body was a lighter shade of the same color, and the snake was an intricate mixture of silver and green scales that Harry had managed to find glitter for. 

“Am I allowed to do yours now?” Draco asked when Harry had finished cleaning the brush for the last time.

“Yes,” he nodded with a grin. Harry only had a couple of tattoos that weren’t colored in, but there were a few that he was working to get the extra money and time to get filled in. He removed his shirt, exposing his chest to the other man. Draco grabbed his brushes and the paints, refilling some of the colors that Harry had already used. 

He dipped the first brush into the pink color that he made between the white and red. He gracefully spread the color over the beautiful flower that was positioned just over the name of his boyfriend’s deceased mother. He painted it with care, making the color more distinct and pronounced towards the tips and more yellow-hued towards the bottom. He then moved over to the skull of a stag that rested over the name of his deceased father. He painted it mostly white but made sure to add some purple and red to the horns and the cracks that had been placed in the skull.

“I miss them,” he whispered as he watched his boyfriend slowly fill in the intricate design. 

“I know you do,” Draco whispered as he pressed a kiss to his boyfriend’s forehead. The last one that he did was the one just in between them, a dog and a wolf curled together with the names of his godfathers over and under the picture. Harry had had so much loss in his life, and there were only so many ways that he could remember his lost loved ones. The blond man continued to paint the image silvery grey and chocolate brown for the dog and wolf.

He glanced up and quickly set the brush down to wipe the tears away from his face. “I know you miss them, I’m so sorry,” the blond whispered as he kissed the tear tracks on each of his cheeks.

“They’ve already been gone for so long. I just wish that I had told them how much I loved them before they died,” he whispered.

“No one could have predicted the car crash, Harry. They also couldn’t have anticipated the murderer breaking into your house when you were a baby. I’m sure that your parents and godfathers would be so proud of you,” Draco whispered.

“Yeah, I know. I’m okay, you can keep going,” he nodded with another sniff. The other double-checked that he was okay before moving onto the back, where his back piece lay unfinished. 

Harry’s back piece was a forest type scene, with animals being surrounded by an alcove of all types of trees. There was a stag in the center, and off to one side a large dog with a very fluffy cat sitting in between his legs. There was a peregrine hawk on the antlers of the stag and a ferret sitting on top of the head of the stag. Off to the side, there was an odd-looking mythical creature that had an absurdly long tongue that was coming out of the face-hole of the puffball. It was seated on top of the toad that rested on top of a stump. 

Draco hummed slightly to himself and started on the dog first, coloring it a warm golden color with chocolate brown eyes. The cat was orange with the same color of eyes as the dog. The stag was the normal colors of the animal and the ferret was snowy white. The hawk had the normal dusty grey and hidden brown colors of the trees that he had done in the background. The mythical creature was a bright shade of pink that Draco had to get from his collection in another part of the room. He painted the toad a green color, mixing it with just enough brown that it stood out from the grass.

“Done,” he grinned wickedly as he cleaned off his brush and placed it back where it belonged with the rest of his tools. 

“Can I take pictures of us now? I mean, maybe you can try your hand at photography since I tried my hand at painting,” he joked as he stood up and helped his boyfriend off of the ground as well. 

“We’ll see,” Draco chuckled as he allowed his lover to escort them both into the studio on the other side of the hall.




“Hey Harry, do you think we could talk?” Ginny asked as she grabbed a towel from the counter and wiped off her hands. She had just finished the after-dinner clean up since Harry had made their evening meal. 

“Sure. About what?” he asked, throwing his head back against their couch to look at his wife and mate.

“A family,” she replied as she slowly walked into the living room. 

“Oh,” he nodded as he got up and walked around the couch. He leaned against the back, looking at her as he waited for her to continue. 

“You know that I want a family, really badly,” she whispered. “I’ve always wanted a big family since I came from a large one.”

“I know,” he nodded. He reached out and grabbed her hand, bringing her a bit closer to him as they spoke. “So are you saying that you’re ready to start trying for a baby?”

“Yes,” she immediately replied, her eyes lighting up with excitement as she grinned widely. “I want to have kids around the house soon. I know people normally wait a bit longer, but we’ve already been through so much and I just want to be as happy as possible with you while I have you.”

“I understand. I’m fine with trying to start our family this early. But the question is, which one of us is going to carry the kids,” he asked with a weak chuckle as he brushed the other beta’s hair back behind her shoulder.

“I mean, traditionally, it would be me since I go by female pronouns and have a more feminine body,” she replied with an awkward shrug.

“But you have a more demanding job. I think it would be better if I carried the first baby at least so that you could keep playing and then we can plan our second child around the Quidditch seasons and world cups so that you don’t have to retire or anything,” he rambled.

“So you want to switch?” she asked, a small smile sticking to her face.

“Yeah. But our kids can just call us all one thing instead of having to switch back and forth for which one of us carried them,” he replied.

“We could always just go with more neutral parental names, stupid,” she laughed, kissing his forehead.

“Like Baba?” he asked with a wicked grin.

“Yeah. You could be Baba and I could be Nini,” she grinned wickedly. “Fuck, I’m already so excited about this.”

“God, you’re so cute,” he laughed, grabbing her hands with his own and bringing her down for a kiss.

“You’re going to be the cute one,” she promised with a wink. 

Harry nervously rolled over on the bed, waiting for his wife to arrive. He was a bit scared that he wouldn’t be able to remember to stay in character, or that he would end up laughing during sex because this did seem a bit foolish and childish at the moment. He sat up, placing his hands behind him as support since his body was a different proportion to what he was used to. They had transfigured his body so that he was the more feminine one, enlarging his breasts and shrinking his cock down. He was dressed in an elegant forest green dress that gripped each part of his newly proportioned body gorgeously.

“Your Highness?” Ginny called from the other side of the door.

Harry grinned and crossed his legs as he felt his cunt begin to ooze slick and his cocklet become rigid with anticipation. “Yes?” he called, wincing at the sound of his still-masculine voice when he was supposed to be more feminine.

“I have slain the dragon keeping you imprisoned here,” Ginny grinned wickedly as she walked in and kneeled in front of him. She was wearing just a few pieces of armor since they had concluded that all of the pieces that they had available would have taken too long to take off since they weren’t using magic.

“Oh, my hero,” Harry whispered as he mimicked her grin.

“Shall we go? Your parents are eagerly awaiting your return,” she said as she stood up and sheathed her sword.

“I think that I should give my hero a reward before he gets the money and land that have been promised by my parents after my rescue,” Harry replied simply as he stood from the bed. He walked slowly towards Ginny, making sure to place one foot right in front of the other and cause the dress to swish back and forth around his slender legs. When he reached the other baby and trailed his hands up and down the breastplate a few times. He reached up and grasped the clasp of leather that kept it and the backplate held up and connected. He paused and moved his hands down to the sides, undoing the clasps there before he returned to the top and undid those. 

“What are you doing, Your Highness?” Ginny asked as one of her gauntleted hands moved to hold his hip. 

“Well I can’t give you your reward like this, now can I?” Harry replied simply as he took the back and breast plates off and let them clatter to the floor. 

“And what would my reward be, Your Highness?” she smirked as the hand moved lower and lower until it was cupping his ass. 

“Something that will be more pleasurable than becoming king. Your reward is me, in my way instead of my parents,” Harry shrugged simply. He grabbed the other hand and removed the gauntlet, throwing it down onto the ground. Ginny slipped off the left one, allowing it to fall behind them.

“I think that I would like all the reward I can get,” she whispered as her lips neared his, but didn’t dare touch for several seconds. 

Harry closed the gap, standing on his tiptoes to be able to reach her properly since they had also altered his height by a few inches. She wrapped her arms around his waist and brought him close to her, holding them flush against each other. One of her hands moved to his hair, tugging on the short locks as their lips moved expertly together.

“I need you, my knight,” he whispered when they had to pull away for air. He gracefully went back to the bed and sat down on the edge, his legs pressed together to give his cocklet a bit of pleasure.

“You’re going to get me, Your Highness,” Ginny replied quickly as she removed the metal shin guards and slipped off the shoes that they had used in place of the actual armor. She stepped over the discarded metal on the ground and then placed her hands on either side of her lover. She leaned in and began to kiss up and down his jawline while moving her knee in between his legs.

Harry let out a mewl and ground down on it to get a little bit of pleasure on his aching cocklet. She rocked her knee forward, sending a shockwave of pleasure throughout him for just a moment. She pulled back and placed her hands on the opposite hips as she grabbed handfuls of her shirt and pulled it off, revealing her own slightly altered chest that reduced the size of her cleavage. Her abs moved with each of her movements, making Harry even more impossibly aroused. 

She trailed her hands up and down his stomach before she moved to his chest, trailing her fingers over the bulging breasts and nipples to string out a moan from her lover. She sat down on the bed next to him and then grabbed his hips, bringing him onto her lap in one swift movement. 

Harry leaned down, kissing Ginny sweetly as her hands traveled behind him and found the top lacing ring in the dress. She tugged at the bow and then began to unwind the ribbon slowly, making the dress slowly fall off of him from the top to the bottom of his torso. When she had finished, she parted from the kiss and tugged it off of his arms to reveal his massive breasts that hung perkily from his chest. She moved him off of her for just a moment, which caused the dress to fall off of him and onto the floor. 

“Your Highness, you must have been waiting for me for some time,” she grinned at his lack of underwear and the clear arousal that he was sporting.

“So long, my knight,” Harry moaned as he was easily tugged back onto her lap. He leaned down and kissed her once more. “You took so long and all I could think about was that thick cock pounding into my all night,” he whispered with a small smirk. Ginny may have been the kinkier one, but when it was time for dirty talk, Harry always prevailed.

“And my cock you’ll get,” Ginny whispered as she wrapped her arms around the other beta and flipped him around so that he was pinned to the bed. She quickly grasped at her belt, removing it and sending her pants, belt, and sheathed sword down to the ground. 

“Please, my knight! It’s been so long since I’ve felt the touch of another human, let alone been fucked!” Harry whined as he turned himself around on the bed and crawled further onto the mattress. He propped his knees upon the lush bed covering and spread them to reveal a better angle of his glistening cunt. 

“Holy shit,” Ginny whispered as she stroked her elongated cock twice. She crawled onto the bed and leaned over him, pressing her cock into the folds of his cunt. “Are you sure that you can take me? We haven’t even done any foreplay.”

“I’ve been waiting for you for so long that I don’t think I can bear being off your cock for another moment, please,” Harry whispered as he rocked back against the dick to try and get even the tip into him. 

“As you say, Your Highness,” she whispered as she pulled off of him and away from her lover for just a moment. She grabbed the middle of her cock and used it to guide the tip into the dripping wet folds of her husband. She pressed in with a loud and lewd moan, giving Hary one inch of her length at one time.

“Please! Oh God, oh fuck,” Harry moaned, letting out little gasps every time she pressed in and gave him another ounce of pleasure shooting through his body. When she was fully inside of him and moaned and rolled his hips in a circle, adoring the feeling of being so full and split open by the massive cock.

“You’re so wet for me,” she groaned, thrusting in despite being inside of him already. Her balls slapped against his cunt, making him giggle and moan at the shock that it sent through him thanks to his cocklet. 

“Lay down on the bed so that I may ride you,” he murmured, remembering what their roles were supposed to be today.

“As you wish, Your Highness,” she replied. She gripped his hips and turned them over so that she was lying against the bed and he was on top of her. Harry turned around and let out a surprised moan as he felt the cock rub against a simply magical part of his vulva. He raised himself an inch or two and whined at the feeling of pleasure that shot through him as the friction sent pleasure through him.

He continued to remove the cock from his body slowly, shifting his hips so that it rubbed against the nerves on that side of his cunt. He then sunk as quickly as he could, basically falling onto her dick. “Fuck! That feels so good,” he whispered as he repeated the process several times over.

“Shit, Har- Your Highness,” Ginny moaned, barely catching herself as she felt the walls of her lover clench around her cock. She thrust up into him as he fell, making the impact even harder. Harry nearly screamed in pleasure as he got closer and closer to his orgasm. She continued to do the emotion as she helped him raise up and down until they were both at the brink.

“I need to cum, I’m so fucking close,” Harry whined as he rolled his hips. His breath caught in his throat as his entire body tightened up and then as he fell on her cock once more, all of his muscles relaxed at once. He clenched heavily around the dick inside of him and let out gaspy little moans as his cocklet spurt droplets of cum. Ginny grunted and thrust up into him as she unloaded herself into him, filling his eager cunt full of cum. 

When they had come down, her cock quickly hardened again, as did Harry’s. Ginny wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled out. She tugged him to the edge of the bed and placed his hands against the mattress as she spread his legs a bit to reveal his cunt. “I’m going to fuck you so full of cum that you’ll be fat and pregnant with my pups forever, and they’ll have no choice but to make me king,” she whispered into his ear.

“Please, my knight, I want nothing more,” Harry moaned as he clenched the bedsheets in anticipation. Ginny grinned and grabbed hold of her aching cock once more as she pressed into him. 

She slid in entirely in the first thrust and then pressed her back against Harry’s as she grabbed hold of him again and began to fuck him. Her thrusts were quick and accurate, hitting his vagina almost every time. Harry was a moaning mess and shuddering within minutes as one of her hands had gone down to massage his cocklet to give him added pleasure. She thrust fully into him and orgasmed, filling his cunt with even more cum as he mewled through his third orgasm.

“Good, keep it all in you,” she whispered as she flipped him around and pinned him to the bed. She stayed deep inside of him, unable to knot him and properly keep all of the cum inside of his cunt. She slowly slid out of him and grabbed a fake knot from the bedside table next to them. She slid it into him and then grabbed their wands that they had kept there just in case. 

“Scene’s over?” he mumbled as his eyes desperately tried to fall asleep.

“Yeah. Aftercare time, baby,” she smiled as she cast the spell to remove the enchantment that they had placed around the room to give it the illusion of a castle. She picked him up and brought him to their bathroom connected to their master bedroom. She started the bath with a flick of her wand and a simple word as she kissed his forehead and cheeks. “You did so well. Thank you for going along with that.”

“I love you,” he smiled simply as she picked him up and lowered them both down into the bath. She cleaned them off quickly and efficiently while also making sure that she spent a good deal of time massaging his hips and back. When she had finished cleaning him off she grabbed her wand and undid the transfigurations, leaving them back in their physical bodies. She washed him off while peppering his face with kisses before she carried him to the bedroom and cleaned the bed with another flick and word combo. 

Harry wrapped his arms around her shoulders and buried her face into her scent gland, taking in the smell of cinnamon and his mate. She purred and placed her chin on the top of his head as they both fell asleep. 

A small smile stuck to his face as he slipped back into the house. Ginny was out with her teammates, practicing for the upcoming Quidditch season. Harry had taken the day alone at home to enact his plan. He had taken a test just a couple days and had scheduled the appointment that night but had held off on telling his mate. He had gone to a muggle doctor since they were his preferred one as no one knew who he was and treated him like just another patient. 

He gripped the image in his hand as he set the plastic bag full of supplies down the table. One of his hands drifted down to his still flat stomach as he thought about the little pups growing inside of him. He then glanced at the clock and realized how little time he had left before his mate returned home. He quickly sat down and wrote out the letter to her and then tucked it and the ultrasound into it before he signed it ‘To Ginny Weasley-Potter’ and left it on the dining room table for her to find as he hid the evidence of his shopping trip and started on dinner.

“Harry! I’m home!” the other beta called as she walked into their house.

“I’m in the kitchen,” he called back. 

Ginny walked behind him, wrapping her arms around his waist and kissing his neck. “Mm, I missed you,” she yawned. “Captain drilled us hard today so I’m going to shower now.”

“Okay,” he nodded. She left, taking a quick shower. When she returned, she noticed the letter sitting on the table. She glanced over at her mate and then opened it, her eyes scanning over the carefully scrawled words covering the page.

 

Dear Nini,

We apologize in advance for the morning sickness, backaches, heat flashes, and other problems that we may cause in the future. We hope that despite us causing Baba to be so uncomfortable for so long you’ll forgive us and be happy when we arrive. Speaking of which, you should get started on a nursery soon!

Sincerely, 

The Weasley-Potter children

 

“Harry, what is this?” she asked as she walked into the kitchen, her eyes wide with realization. “Are you really?”

“Yeah, I am,” he grinned, his eyes watering already from the hormones coming from the pregnancy. Ginny rushed forward and wrapped her arms around him, kissing his lips passionately as she nuzzled against him as well. She giggled and peppered his face with kisses for a few more minutes before releasing him. 

“Why did you sign it as children?” she asked a moment later as she looked over the letter again.

“Did you not see the ultrasound?” Harry asked as he grabbed it off of the table where it had been discarded with the envelope.

“I assumed that it was included by accident. I didn’t know what it was,” she shook her head as she reached her arm out and took it from him. 

Harry stood next to her, pointing at the picture with one hand while the other gripping the counter behind them. “These are the babies,” he pointed to the small bean-like shapes that were just barely visible in the rest of the black and white image.

“Babies? Harry, we’re having more than one?” she grinned wickedly.

“Yeah. I’m pregnant with triplets,” he grinned. Ginny shrieked with joy and kissed him again, a happy and proud scent leaking out of both of her scent glands. 

“So I take it that you’re happy?” Harry asked when she finally stopped kissing every inch of his face.

“More than you can imagine. We’re going to get that big family sooner than I thought,” she giggled as she nuzzled against his scent gland. “I’m so happy, Harry.”



I'll admit that things veered off more into my personal headcanons and likes, but I tried my best to keep things subdued. I want to give credit where credit is due and say that I did not come up with the genderfluid Teddy idea nor did I come up with S.Q.U.A.D. I would like to direct you to a wonderfully talented channel called the Mischief Managers. Please go give their videos a watch! (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqP-5kU6UOaYpGzyotxYKaA)

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3

“I don’t know if I’m ready for this,” Scorpius whispered as they approached the front door of the elder Potter’s house.

“It’s a little late to be backing out now,” Albus muttered under his breath. 

“I’m not chickening out like normal, I’m actually really scared,” he reached out and grabbed hold of his boyfriend’s hand. “You should hear the things that my grandparents say about people like us.”

“We’re not talking to your grandparents right now. We’re talking to my Mum and Dad,” Albus replied easily. 

“But what if they hold the same kind of ideas that my grandparents do?” he whined. “They grew up in a different time, and not everyone from back then agrees with things like this even if they are more open-minded than a lot of pureblood families.”

Albus stood there for a moment, thinking about what his lover had said. He took a deep breath and walked down the steps of the porch. He grabbed hold of both of the other Slytherine’s hands and looked into his eyes as he spoke, “My parents are some of the most open-minded, loving people I know. They accepted me just fine even though I was horrible to them as a teenager. They may not know that I’m gay, or that we’ve been dating. But I want them to know before things get any more serious between us. So can you trust me?”

“I-okay,” he nodded with a shy smile. He leaned in and pressed a kiss to the other man’s lips. 

“Thank you. Now can we go inside? I think my balls are back inside of me because of how cold it is,” he snorted. Scorpius giggled and nodded as he followed his boyfriend up the stairs and across the short distance of the porch. They knocked on the door and waited for only a couple of moments before it swung open and revealed Teddy Lupin.

“Ah, the pipsqueaks have arrived,” he grinned, leaning against the door. He had grown his hair long and changed it from the normally bright blue to a curly blond. 

“Nice to see you too, Teddy,” Albus rolled his eyes as he stepped up onto the threshold and then pushed past his godbrother into the house. Scorpius gave him a nervous smile and a panicked giggle as he quickly followed after the other.

“Albus!” Lily shrieked as she got up from the couch and rushed at him, wrapping her arms around him. “I haven’t seen you in forever!”

“Now that’s just not true,” he replied easily. “You saw me just three weeks ago at the last family dinner.”

“That’s too long. What are you going to do when I’m working with Uncle Charlie in Bulgaria and you can’t see me anymore, huh?” she asked, placing her hands on her hips and jutting out her bottom lip childishly.

“You have a couple of years until that,” he ruffled her hair, getting the long red locks frizzy and tangled. 

“I hate you,” she called playfully as she ran upstairs to get her hairbrush.

“Albus, do try and be nicer to your sister,” Ginny chided in that motherly manner that she had as she ducked out of the kitchen where the adults were gathered. She wrapped him up into a hug and then returned to what she had been doing.

“I feel so awkward,” Scorpius whispered as he pressed his forehead into his boyfriend’s shoulder.

“Why? You come to the family dinners normally,” Albus replied with a soft chuckle. 

“Because now I feel like we have this announcement type thing to talk about, and I don’t want to…” he whined as he wrapped his arms around the other male for just a moment before Victoire popped her head into the living room where they were.

“Hey you two,” she grinned, dazzling them both with her biggest smile. None of her traditional Veela magic had worked on either boy since they weren’t attracted to women. “Teddy has something he wants to tell everyone during dinner, so please don’t fight with anyone. Thanks, bye,” she chirped as she ran off.

“Dinner!” Molly called from the kitchen. George was helping her carry stuff to the table as Bill and Charlie made the table, as they had lost the draw. Harry was getting out some of the wine from the basement for the adults and Ginny was filling a pitcher with butterbeer and another with muggle juice for the underage members of the family. 

Arthur sat at the head of the table, and Harry sat at the end. Ginny and Molly both fell to the left of their respective husbands. Bill and Fleur sat across from each other, as did George and Angela. Fred Jr. sat next to his mother and Percy sat in between Angela and Fleur and across from Charlie. Scorpius sat next to Teddy, across from Albus who was next to Molly and Victoire. James walked into the dining room with Lily a moment later and hit the back of his younger brother’s head. “Hey there, stupid.”

“God, I hate you,” he seethed as he turned around to further the childish fight.

“Ahem,” Victoire said, kicking his leg underneath the table. He blushed and turned around so that he was sitting forward again.

“Don’t call your brother stupid,” Ginny said as she pointed for him to sit down in one of the open seats left. He sat down next to Ginny, and once everyone was seated they began to get their food while chatting with each other.

Scorpius picked at his food, moving it around his plate and nibbling on small amounts of panic and nerves ran through his stomach, causing his appetite to leave. Albus glanced at him, making sure that he was alright and giving him a kind smile. He could see that his godbrother was just as nervous as his boyfriend, which made him suspicious that the announcement he had was similar to their own.

About halfway through dinner, Teddy stood up and cleared his throat. “I have something that I want to tell everyone,” he said, squaring his shoulders to try and make himself more confident. Victoire gave him a bright smile, joy shining from her features at her boyfriend.

“Please tell me that you haven’t gotten anyone pregnant,” Harry said with a small chuckle.

“He is old enough now, Harry dear,” Molly chuckled as she smiled brightly at her honorary grandson. 

“It’s nothing like that. It hasn’t got to do with anyone else, just me,” he replied nervously. He tucked a long strand of hair behind his ear as he cleared his throat and continued. “I’m genderfluid.”

“Oh thank God, I thought it was something serious,” Harry laughed as he rubbed his face. He jerked as Ginny hit his shoulder, “I mean, of course, you coming out is serious, but I thought it was something life-threatening.”

“Thank you for coming out to us,” Charlie said warmly. “You should know by now that our family is full of diversity in things like that, and of course we’ll accept you whole-heartedly.”

“What’s gender fluid mean?” Fred Jr. asked as he was too young to have been exposed to much of the world.

“It means that Teddy’s gender changes, sweetheart,” Angela explained warmly.

“Speaking of which, are you still okay with the name Teddy?” Bill asked.

“I mean, yeah. It never really felt attached to Theodore, it just kind of felt like a cute nickname. Almost like it was about the toy,” the teen laughed awkwardly and sat back down.

“What are your pronouns now, dear?” Molly asked as she poured herself some more whine.

“She/her, if that’s okay,” she replied with a rich blush.

“Of course it is,” Hermione objected with a nod. 

Albus placed his elbows on the table and buried his face in his hands as he tried to muffle his laughter at the shocked look on Scorpius' face and himself for the nerves he had been feeling as well.

“What?” Victoire demanded as she saw her cousin doing so. “What’s so funny about my girlfriend?”

“Nothing is funny about Teddy,” he replied as he placed his hands back in his lap. “Scorpius and I were coming to dinner tonight to announce that we’re dating.”

“Oh,” she said, the anger deflating from her as she leaned back in her chair.

“Ew,” Lily said, wrinkling her nose.

“Get used to it, kid. It’s everywhere,” Charlie chuckled. 

“I see,” Ginny nodded as she glanced at her son.

Scorpius placed his hands in his lap and bowed his hair as he tried to stop the nervous shudders that were coursing through him.

Fred chuckled as well, “God, we’re all a bunch of queers.”

“What?” Albus asked, furrowing his brows together in confusion.

“Did you not know?” Bill asked with a raise of his eyebrow. “Fred was dating Oliver Wood with George before the War. Charlie is asexual, which is why we always say that he ‘works with dragons.’ It’s a euphemism.”

“I am Pansexual, as is my lovely daughter. It is a trait that comes with being at least part Veela,” Fleur said with a smile that precisely mirrored her daughter’s.

“I dated your Aunt Luna for a bit until we discovered that we just didn’t have what the other was looking for,” Ginny replied with a small chuckle.

“Are you okay?” Molly asked Scorpius. He smiled at her and nodded despite how hard his nails were digging into his hand and how violently his arms were shaking underneath the linen tablecloth.

“How have I never known about this?” Albus asked as he looked around at the collected family. 

“We don’t talk about it much because it’s not something that we feel needs to be talked about,” Fred shrugged. “A lot of us have had relationships with other people and they’ve ended messy and abusive. It’s also not something that a lot of people generally accept, even in the Wizarding World.”

“Something that Vicky and I helped change at Hogwarts,” Teddy said with a casual smile to her girlfriend.

“You were the ones that set up the S.Q.U.A.D. thing, right?” James asked as he leaned just a little bit closer to them. 

Victoire gave him a look and said, “You should know that better than anyone. Are you sure you want to do this right now?”

“Hell yeah, I am. That was the agreement before Albus spilled his gay beans,” James nodded before he turned to the rest of the slightly bewildered family. “Teddy and I have been dating since I graduated. I’m not dating Vicky since she’s my cousin and that’s gross, but we’re sharing Teddy.”

“This is seriously not how I anticipated tonight going,” Albus murmured as everyone else began to talk to each other about the current revelations and share stories and anecdotes about their sexualities and past relationships. 

When they arrived home, Scorpius collapsed down onto their couch and let out a whine. “I can’t believe that you just blurted it out like that!”

“Would you have liked it better if I had swept you off your feet, professed my love for you, and then kissed you in front of everyone?” Albus asked as he scooted his lover over and sat down next to him.

“No, but I was so nervous at dinner that I couldn’t eat anything,” he mumbled as he swung his legs over his boyfriend’s lap and leaned against one of the decorative pillows they had on their couch.

“Mum and Nan sent us home with more than enough leftovers. I guess they assume we don’t know how to cook since we’re both young males,” he chuckled as he gestured to the Tupperware sitting on their small dining room table.

“I also can’t believe how much of your family turned out to be like us,” Scorpius said as he got up and started serving himself something to eat. He cast a heating spell over the food and put the rest away in the fridge. They had a nice London apartment, but that meant that it came with all of the muggle things that they weren’t quite used to using yet. 

“You and me both. If I had known that I was going to come out on the same day as my godbrother and James I would have waited another year,” Albus grumbled.

“At least they took the attention away from us. I don’t think that I could have bared being stared at any longer,” he whined around the bite of food in his mouth. They fell into silence for a moment as Scorpius finished his meal and then cleaned up after himself. He walked back into the living room and then cuddled up close to his boyfriend. “I just want you to know that we’re writing my parents a letter to tell them that we’re dating.”



WARNINGS: Sexual situations, graphic depictions of sex, BDSM, rope play, praise kink, and femme dom

“Safeword?” Hermione asked as she glanced over everything that she had orderly placed over the silky sheets on their bed. They had removed the pillows and blankets after the first time that they had tried this. They were currently tucked into the corner and folded as neatly as possible.

“Voldemort,” Ron replied expertly. 

“Well done,” she smirked as she turned around. The words sent a spark of pleasure to his cock already, causing the member to harden already. “Get down on your knees and place your hands face up on your thighs,” she commanded.

The redhead scrambled to comply, sitting down with his legs tucked underneath him and his palms facing up. “Good, pet,” she praised as she grabbed the rope and then walked behind him. She placed it on the ground next to her as she removed his shirt, leaving his chest bare. She placed a portion of the rope on his chest and proceeded to tie their favorite knot, something that kept Ron constrained while still being able to undo it quickly if they needed to. 

“Stand up,” she commanded as she got up and sat down on their bed with her legs crossed in front of her. 

“Yes, Mistress,” Ron mumbled as he quickly stumbled over to her and kneeled in front of her legs.

She grinned wickedly and uncrossed her legs, spreading them apart enough that Ron’s eyes widened in excitement. “You’re already so hard for me, I see,” she purred as she leaned down and trailed one of her fingers up from the center of the rope on his chest and up to his chin. 

“Yes, Mistress,” he nodded with an aroused shudder. She pulled back, slipping her heels off of her feet. She then slowly removed the button-up shirt that she had worn to work that day. She turned around so that he couldn’t see her front as she dropped the cloth down to the ground. Her fingers gracefully found the zipper to her pencil skirt and began to tug it further and further down until it had reached the end. She gave the fabric an extra tug and it rippled off of her body and pooled below her on the floor.

Hermione turned and walked back to the bed, now only dressed in her matching bra and panty set. She had purposefully worn them that day in the hopes that her sub would be in the mood when she got home. “Look at that, you’re nearly drooling for me,” she tutted. “I would gag you if I didn’t have more plans for you,” she winked at the man in front of her.

Ron closed his mouth from where it had been hanging slightly open and swallowed harshly. Hermione sat on the bed like she had before and spread her legs. She reached into her panties, tracing her fingers over the outer folds of her cunt. “Ah, pet,” she moaned, bucking into her touch as she brushed over her clit. She grabbed the edge of her panties and pulled them off, placing one leg on Ron’s shoulder.

“Come here,” she commanded it, moving it so that he would be able to move without tripping or hurting himself. He did as he was told, sitting at the very edge of the bed in between her legs. 

“Suck me off,” she commanded as she placed her legs on his shoulders, exposing him easily to her glistening folds. Ron eagerly did as he was told, leaning in and licking a stripe up the outside of her cunt. He repeated the process two more times before he wedged his tongue inside of the folds and ducked it into her further. 

“Oh, good boy!” Hermione whined, rocking down onto the tongue as it fucked her. Ron licked again and then sucked on one of her labia, pulling it to the side. Teeth grazed against the sensitive tissues, making another illicit moan rip from the lips of his wife. His cock was rock hard in his pants as he continued to eat her out, moving his tongue up and down the folds while being sure to focus on her clit just enough to get her to cum.

“Fuck, you do this so well, such a good boy,” Hermione praised as he hand moved to his hair and the other focused on propping her up so that she didn’t fall. 

She arched her back as much as she dared without hurting her sub and orgasmed, her walls clenching desperately down around nothing as he muscles constricted and loosened over and over again. Ron let out a muffled moan as he bucked up in his jeans one last time and cummed into his underwear, pooling the slick material on the top of his dick. 

As soon as Hermione had come down from her high, she released his head and got up from the bed. She quickly removed her bra, shedding it into the pile of discarded clothes that they had right next to the dresser. “Stand up,” she commanded, watching him carefully. Ron did as he was told and stood, walking slowly over to the dominant member of their relationship. He hung his head in shame as she removed his pants and saw the cum clinging to his cock and pubes from his underwear.

“If you hadn’t done such a good job with me I would be pulling you over my knee right about now. Did I permit you to cum?” she asked, wincing inwardly as she knew that it was technically her fault since she was so excited that she had forgotten about the cock ring she had planned. 

“No, Mistress,” he replied, shaking his head with a sad expression.

“I’m going to let you cum twice tonight anyway, as long as you beg for it,” she hissed. Ron looked at her with wide eyes which told her that he was already deep into his submissive mindset. His cock was still half-hard from the compliments and praise that had been pouring out of her mouth just moments earlier. She grabbed hold of his rope bindings and put him onto the bed so that he was lying there on his back.

She crawled onto the bed next to him and placed her legs over his hips so that she was grinding back into his erection. “I’m going to fuck myself on you like you’re a toy for me to use,” she whispered as she raised her hips in a warning before she grabbed hold of his half flaccid cock and placed it inside of her. It quickly grew hard, which meant that it was larger when it was already inside of her.

Shocks of pleasure flew through them both which made Hermione bite back a moan as she didn’t want her sub cumming again too quickly. “Good boy, getting so hard for his mistress from just her sitting on his cock,” she chuckled as her hands ran up and down the sides of his chest that were exposed.

“For you, Mistress, only for you,” he mumbled, his lips sticking together with pieces of her slick and his spit. 

She raised her hips up and then down again, pulling him just a bit out of her before she closed the gap. She repeated the process again and again, causing them both to be nearly overwhelmed with pleasure. “Good boy, such a good boy,” she moaned as she rotated her hips and gasped as she felt the entrance to her vagina get nudged with the cock inside of her.

She moaned and arched her back, causing her breasts to thrust away from her body for just a moment. Her movements quickened as she raised and down faster and faster. “Cum inside of me, pet,” she whispered as she got closer and closer to her orgasm. 

“Yes, Mistress,” he nodded like a bobblehead in an earthquake as he thrust into her once and orgasmed. She clenched down as tightly as she could around the cock while she had her orgasm.

When they both came down from their high, she slid him out of her and grabbed the part of the tie that she needed. She tugged on it three times and all the ropes fell away from Ron, leaving him in a mess on the bed. She collected the rope and placed it on the nightstand to be dealt with later as she helped him to the bathroom. She sat him down on the toilet and ran a bath while staying silent since she found that if she praised him, it would just remind him of the scene that they had had. She washed them both off and put a special salve on his arms, back, and shoulders to make sure that the rope didn’t cause any soreness.

“I feel like a pile of mush,” Ron mumbled as she toweled him off and helped him into some pajamas.

“I think you deserve to feel like that. We haven’t done a scene in a long time and that one wasn’t exactly tame,” she chuckled as she rubbed the water droplets away. She kissed his forehead and smiled shyly as she led him to the bedroom.

Hermione sat Ron down into a chair as she changed the sheets and then flicked her wand a couple of times to get the bed made. When it was suitable, she brought the sub over and tucked him underneath the covers before she dressed and focused on cleaning up the rest of the room. 

Once the laundry had been started and the rest of their toys had been put away, she crawled underneath the covers with him. “I love you, ‘Mione,” Ron whispered as he nuzzled into her collarbone.

“I love you more,” she smiled as she kissed the top of his head and yawned. They fell asleep tucked together, both of them worn out from the scene they had just participated in.



WARNINGS: Mentions of child abuse, PTSD, death, abuse, and panic attacks

Draco slipped into the classroom as silently as he could and sat in the very back of the class, away from everyone else. He picked the seat closest to the door so that he would have a chance to escape if the need arose, which it had in several of his other classes. A few other students entered after him and soon the entire eighth year had filled into the classroom and found their desired seats. So few of them had made it through the war and decided to come back for another year of schooling that there were only about fifty kids in all of the classes together.

“Now that you have all decided to show up,” the teacher began. Her accent stood out, even more, Draco noticed, after he had been stuck listening to Professor Bins for an hour. “We can begin the lesson. As you all know, I restarted you from the beginning of the curriculum since you all had disturbances in your classes until this year. The closest that you got to a proper education was with the late Professor Lupin and Professor Moody,” she muttered under her breath. 

A somber reverence ushered over the class as they all remembered the loss of their favorite teachers. Professor Doe gave them a kind smile and then continued with her introduction lecture. “We’ve already covered all of the basic spells, now we’re moving onto the creature portion of this semester. Next, we’ll be learning about serious spells and then dueling.”

“Why can’t we just skip forward to dueling if we already know the other things?” Hermione asked with a polite raise of her hand.

“Because I said so,” the American shrugged. “Now pack up your things and put them in the corner of the room, because you’re getting so much hands-on experience with these beasties you’ll wish that you were in another lecture.”

The students knew at least a little bit of the routine and stood up, shuffling their things into their bags. They deposited them into the corner closest to the door. Professor Doe raised her hand and got all of the desks and chairs pressed into the other corner and stacked on top of each other.

Draco glanced over at them nervously. He knew that they wouldn’t fall unless their teacher were to be knocked unconscious or have to use unimaginable amounts of power and magic. She ushered all the students to one side of the room and then pulled several chests and wardrobes from one side of the room so that there were about twenty of them scattered over the now empty classroom.

“I am going to be assigning your groups, and yes, you will have to work with people from other houses. I don’t understand what your prejudices are about that anyway,” she muttered. She began to assign students to groups of two and tell them which object they needed to go stand in front of. There were an odd amount of students and not enough bogarts, so she had to assign three to certain groups.

“...and Granger and Malfoy, on the middle one,” she said, tapping the last remaining wardrobe. Draco’s shoulders tightened noticeably as he got paired with the other girl. It was well known that the Golden Trio didn’t get along with the ex-Death Eater, and most were now laughing about the fight that was sure to ensue. 

“I’ll be coming around and examining form, memory, and competence. Begin!” Professor Doe called across the classroom after she had demonstrated the basics of the spell on her bogart, which had been a muggle gun.

Draco took a couple of shaky steps towards the wardrobe from where he had been hanging back. “I’m not going to bite your head off, Malfoy. I want to be able to get a good grade in this class and I know that Professor Doe isn’t keen on fighting.”

Draco nodded, unable to make his useless tongue form the words that he wanted to say. His heartbeat in his throat as he looked over her form, his eyes lingering on all of the gorgeous intricacies of her face. She looked so human, unlike many of the pureblood girls that Draco had met over his life. Nothing about her appearance had been altered by magic, and that made her look more beautiful than anything he had seen before.

“Should we get started, then?” Hermione asked after a minute of awkward silence in which Draco hadn’t realized he had been staring.

“Yes, of course,” he nodded as he reached into his robes and pulled out his wand. 

She copied his movements and placed a hand on one side of the wardrobe in preparation to open it. “We can take turns. One of us can cast the spell, and if we cast it correctly then the other can take their turn. I’ll go first.”

Draco nodded and stepped out of the way. She opened the door and then rushed so that she was in front of the boggart as the inky smoke poured out of the capsule that it had once been contained in. She tightened her grip on the wand in her hand and as soon as the boggart began to take form, she performed the spell and turned it back into smoke.

The other teenager was then nearly shoved in front of it. He felt panic and pure fear replace the admiration and astoundment that he felt at his newly unraveling crush. He placed his wand at the end of his arm, flashbacks of his third year in Hogwarts forcing their way out of the depths of his mind. He swallowed roughly as he heard the jeering laughs of the other students who hadn’t yet started or were taking time away from their task to leer at him. 

The smoke swirled and moved on the ground as the magic of the dark beast probed his mind to try and find what his greatest fear was. Soon it took form, growing taller than him and barely human before he tightened into the perfect image of the Dark Lord himself.

Draco stuttered over the word he was supposed to say and fumbled in the wand movements, making the spell completely useless. A couple of students jumped back as a shocked panic rose in the mutterings of the class. 

Hermione stepped in front of him and cast the spell just as the boggart began to take the shape of two adult people that looked vaguely like her. “Careful. It’s more like that, remember?”

“Yes, of course. I know how to do a Third Level spell,” he snapped, the fear stemming into irritation at himself and everyone around him. He turned back to the swirling pile of smoke as it turned into two different figures, this time his deranged aunt, Bellatrix Lestrange, and his father. He held his arm out, desperately trying to ignore the taunts and threats pouring from them.

“You’re weak. I would have preferred to get a Squib daughter to you,” the apparition of his father spat.

“Little Cissa’s son is so pouty, always whining,” Bellatrix giggled. 

They continued to taunt him as he willed himself to cast the spell and get rid of them. The boggart dissipated as he had poured all of his real-world resentment and anger to cast the spell and vanquish that taunts like he desperately wanted to in real life.

“Mr. Malfoy, why don’t you go take a break in the hall,” Professor Doe whispered as she motioned for him to leave. “Ms. Granger, please accompany him. I’ll be out when the trails are over.”

“Yes, Professor,” Hermione nodded as she wrapped her arm around Draco and steered him out of the classroom and into the hallway. Only when they were away from the prying eyes of all their classmates did Draco realize that he had been crying. He moved away from the door and collapsed against the wall, falling onto the ground as tears rushed down his face. He brought his knees up to his chest as the panic returned and he began to shake uncontrollably. His stomach rolled with distaste as he took in a breath, making himself light-headed as the oxygen in his lungs seemed to lessen with each gasp he took in. 

“Malfoy, you need to breathe,” Hermione whispered as she sat down next to him. “I think you’re having a panic attack.”

Draco could barely hear her voice over the volume of his own words, screaming at him that he was in danger and needed to get away and somewhere safe. She reached out and took one of his hands after digging his nails out of the skin on his arm. “Malfoy,” she repeated. She did this a couple of times and when it became apparent that his surname wasn’t going to work, she resorted to something else. “Draco, look at me.”

He snapped out of his panic just a bit and looked up at her eyes. She smiled warmly, the chocolate of her eyes glittering with genuine compassion and care. “Breath with me, okay?” she whispered as she took in a deep breath, held it for a count of five and then let it out slowly. Draco followed her example, breathing with her for a couple of minutes. When he had finished hyperventilating, he realized how dizzy he had become from the aforementioned action. 

“Good job,” she praised with a calming smile. “Do you want to talk about it? I find that when I have nightmares or get triggered like that it helps me to talk about it.”

“You’re very kind, Granger, but I don’t need your pity,” Draco replied, shaking his head as he placed his chin on his knees. 

“I’m not pitying you, Malfoy,” she whispered. “I really do want to reach out to you. I know that you’re not as bad as you were when we first met you, nor are you the git that we thought you were.”

“You’re so kind,” he drawled with a slight roll of his eyes.

“Really, I do want to help,” she murmured, earnestly leaking into every syllable that she said.

“Fine. But you have to swear that you won’t tell anybody,” he gave in after a few moments of silence. 

“I’m not the type of person that would blab a secret to the whole school, Malfoy. I’m not Ron,” she chuckled with a shy smile. 

He scowled, the mention of the other boy forcing up a bit of anger that he didn’t know how to diminish. He began to speak after he had forced the ugly emotion back into the gaping pit that it had come from. “When I was a child, I was raised to be the perfect heir to the Slytherin family. Purebloods put a lot of emphasis on how they look and how others perceive them. The older I got, the more Death Eater oriented my father got, and the more he tried to push me into the same path that he had gone. I didn’t want to. I wanted to do something with potions or healing, but before I knew it I was swearing myself to the Dark Lord and swearing that I would kill my headmaster.”

“Oh,” she whispered, moving a bit closer to her. Draco sat there for a moment as he blinked away tears and memories. He shuffled a bit closer to her on the ground, so close that he could feel the heat that radiated off of her body. 

“I couldn’t do it, and Snape had to do it for me. I’ll never forget the way that Dumbledore looked at me just before he fell off of the Astronomy tower that night,” he shuddered. “And since Bellatrix and the few Death Eaters she brought with me saw that I hadn’t killed him, they began to call me weak. The Malfoy image had been ruined, and then my father started hitting me and hexing me as a punishment.”

“He- oh God,” she whispered, burying her face in her hands. “Malfoy, if I had any idea we would have taken you with us when Dobby rescued us from your mansion.”

“It wouldn’t have helped if you had. I was basically under his control that entire year. I was too afraid to stand up to my own family, and I thought that if I did I would be killed,” he spat bitterly. “I keep thinking that my father is going to find me and continue his abuse, even though he’s serving his time in Azkaban.”

“You’ve got trauma, just like the rest of us,” she nodded. She reached out and grabbed his hand from where it now rested on the cold stone floor. She threaded their fingers together and rested his hand in her lap as she placed her head on his shoulder. It all felt so natural that when they realized what was happening, neither of them made any move to pull away.

“I’m sorry that I never really gave you a chance after the war,” she murmured.

“It’s alright, Granger. I don’t expect anyone to forgive me. I made my peace with my isolation just after the war ended. My mother hasn’t forgiven me and everyone else on that side of the family sees me as a traitor. All of the people on the other side see me as a villain.”

“But you’re not. Sure, you were a massive prick when we first met you, but that’s who you were taught to be. And you’ve changed in that time now that you’re not being brainwashed,” she reasoned.

“What are you saying, Granger?” Draco asked.

“I’m saying that I want to give you a second chance. Please let me?” she asked hopefully. “Maybe if you and I are seen together more then people will either think I’m crazy or they’ll hopefully see you as someone that was led astray.”

“Not likely. No trick like that has worked with any of the other Slytherins,” he snorted.

“Well, no one else has been me,” she replied simply.

“That’s quite a big attitude that you’ve got about you,” he chuckled weakly. “But I’m willing to take your offer as long as you’re willing to extend it.”

“Great,” she grinned widely. She turned her head and kissed his cheek. She stood up and glanced at the door just as Professor Doe walked into the hall.

“Nice to see that you’re looking better, Mr. Malfoy. You think that you’re ready to come back to class?” she asked. “You can sit out if you want since you both already passed.”

“I think I should be fine,” he replied as he glanced at Hermione. The other team reached out and grabbed his hand like she had done before, weaving their fingers together once more. She gave him a bright smile as they walked into the classroom hand in hand.




Ron happily walked down the path with one of his boyfriends on either side, holding his hands. Hermione stood a foot away from them as she walked with them down to their desired location.

“I seriously do think that you two need to get started on your assignment. It’s due in a week and you haven’t even looked at it!” she rambled with a roll of her eyes.

“I have more fun things to be doing than panicking about an assignment that’s due in a week,” Ron replied with a shrug. 

“Harry and I have been studying about ways that he can survive his next task on top of dancing lessons,” Draco replied with a shrug. “I’ll make sure that he gets it done before he dies. But I do think that the health and safety of my courting partner are more important than an assignment.”

“I wasn’t saying anything about that,” she huffed in reply. “I just meant that they’ve had a routine of saying that they’re going to do something and then they never actually do it until the night before.”

“Well that was before they were dating me,” Draco replied quickly. 

“I suppose so,” Hermione shrugged. They reached the willow tree on the edge of the lake and found their proper spots. Ron was leaning against the tree as Hermione sat in between Draco and Harry with the books she had been carrying spread out on the blanket underneath them.

“Ronald!” someone called from a few feet away as they walked up the small hill to where the group was sitting. “You were who I was looking for. May we speak?”

“Huh?” the omega replied as he looked over at the alpha approaching them. Viktor may have been gorgeous like an eagle or hawk in the air, but when he was on the ground he was all limbs and elbows.

“I would like to speak with you. May we?” he repeated, offering the omega a kind smile.

“Oh, yeah, sure,” he said as he got up and followed the alpha a few feet away. He couldn’t ignore the eyes boring into his back and glanced back to his that his boyfriends had abandoned the research that they had been doing and were growling like feral wolves.

“I was wondering if you would be my… what is the word?” he asked, his accent growing heavier and heavier the more nervous he got. “Ah, boyfriend? I believe that is how you say it in English.”

“Um, excuse me? You want to be my courting partner?” Ron asked, baffled that the older wizard would even think about him. He had to admit to himself that he did feel a bit flattered, even if he wasn’t romantically or sexually interested in Viktor in the slightest.

“What’s going on over here?” Draco asked as he stormed over to where the other two were standing. 

“I was just talking to Ronald. Why do you care?” Viktor asked, moving closer to the other alpha as he began to growl. 

Ron took a step back or at least attempted to before his arm was grabbed and he was pulled in the chest of the Bulgarian Quidditch player. He squeaked and tried to wiggle away, but just as he had gotten free Harry grabbed hold of his arm and put him in the same kind of hug that he had been with Viktor. 

“I care because he’s ours!” Draco spat back as his angry vanilla scent filled the surrounding area. Harry’s black licorice scent joined it, as did Viktor’s unnamable spicy scent. Ron covered his nose with his hand as the scent was so thick in the air that someone might have choked if they weren’t expecting it.

“He is not yours! He was just about to promise to be mine,” Viktor growled back as he got closer to the blond alpha. Draco was by no means small, but when he was getting into the dominance fight with Viktor, it hit Ron how short he looked next to a fully grown alpha.

“No! He’s been ours the entire year, and mine for longer,” Harry growled back as he narrowed his eyes menacingly.

“I’m not an object!” Ron finally screamed as they kept growling at each other and releasing more and more of the protective and aggressive alpha scent. He wrenched himself out of Harry’s hold and stormed back to the castle, ignoring the calls from all three alphas.

A moment later, Hermione was by his side and rubbing his shoulder. “Are you alright? I wouldn’t have wanted to even be near that fight and you were in the middle of it,” she chuckled weakly.

“No. I’m not alright,” he bit out, turning his head away from her. 

“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked, her voice calm and compassionate. The beta released her pack scent as she leaned her head on his shoulder. They were both sitting up against the brick wall of the building, away from all of the other students inside the garden area.

“I just- I thought that they were better. I thought that I would be able to have a life with them and it would be alright. I didn’t expect them to suddenly turn around and treat me like an object the moment another alpha came into the picture,” he whispered. His vision clouded with tears before he pulled his legs tightly to his chest and began to sob. Hermione wrapped her arm around his shoulder and just held him as he cried.

About half an hour later, the other two members of their newly expanded group joined them. “Ron?” Draco asked as he approached the omega.

“What do you want?” he asked, moving his head from where it had been buried in his legs. “Are you going to come tell me who owns me now?”

“No, we came here to apologize,” Harry quickly spoke over his boyfriend. “We shouldn’t have treated you like you were some object that we could own. You’re our courting partner and we love you,” Harry murmured. 

Hermione got up and drifted out of the courtyard, leaving them to talk about their problems. 

“Do you really mean that?” Ron asked as he looked up at the alphas standing before him. Harry quickly nodded and sat down next to their courting partner where Hermione had been moments ago. 

“Of course we mean it. We were wrong, and you know that I’m trying to pull away from that kind of mindset,” Draco replied as he sat down on the other side.

“We should have never treated you like that, and we want to make it up to you,” Harry replied.

“How would you do that?” Ron asked, a small smile itching its way onto his face.

“I don’t know, any way you want us to,” Draco grinned quickly as he leaned in and kissed the omega’s cheek. 

Ron giggled and turned his head both ways, kissing them both innocently and sweetly. “Oh, I definitely have some ideas.”



WARNING: Smut, age difference (note: everyone is still legal), cheating, and graphic depictions of sexual scenarios

“Harry, wake up,” Ron said, kicking the bed across the small space in the attic bedroom.

“Why?” Harry grumbled as he rolled over and buried his face back into the pillow.

“Because it’s really early in the morning and Hermione is supposed to be getting here today,” the ginger replied as he threw off his blankets and got up to get dressed. 

Harry grumbled and grabbed his glasses, sliding them onto his nose so that he could see the world properly. “Why are you so excited about Hermione?” he asked with a yawn. “We saw her just a week ago at school. She was just going to see her family and make sure they were okay.”

“I know, but,” Ron blushed furiously as he tugged on a jumper and his shoes. Harry slowly rose from the bed and began to shed his pajamas and replace them with his day clothes. He yawned tiredly as they walked down the stairs, mentally noting that when Ron had a boner he was a lot more chipper in the morning. “Mum, I’m going to help Ginny with her garden!” Ron shouted as he walked down the steps of his house early in the morning. Harry followed close behind him, still rubbing the sleep out of his eyes as he made his way toward the breakfast table.

“Thank you, dear, she’s been asking for help for a while,” Molly chirped in reply as she placed another platter of home-cooked food down on to the table in front of her ravenous teenagers. 

Harry served himself and plate and allowed his eyes to flutter up from the meal in front of him back to the provider. His gaze dragged slowly up her form, taking in the voluptuous shape of her body. Her hips had widened from carrying the brood of Weasley children that now clamored around the house, and it suited her well. Her breasts had probably been large before the children and they hadn’t seemed to recede much like a normal woman’s would.

Harry cleared his throat and glanced back down at his plate as he noticed her turn her head. He definitely didn’t want to get caught eying up his best friend’s mother. 

“Harry, are you excited to see Hermione again?” Molly asked when the rest of her children had drifted off to continue about their normal day. 

“I suppose so. I don’t think I’m as excited as Ron is,” Harry said, snorting a small bit when he realized the double meaning to that. 

“Yes, well, I remember when I was that young. I got excited about everything,” she chuckled. “It takes a little bit more to give me that push now,” she chuckled. 

Harry choked on his food and covered his mouth to cough the eggs up out of his lungs. Blood rushed to his cheeks and his cock as he took what she was saying down a different avenue. 

“Remember to chew before you swallow, love,” she chuckled as she cast a spell on most of the dishes to send them to the sink to be washed. 

Harry felt the blood in his cheeks increase tenfold as the tips of his ears burned with the embarrassment. He got up a moment later and sought refuge outside with Ron and Ginny in the former’s garden. 

Molly chuckled as she glanced over to see that her son’s childhood friend was once again staring at her assets. She had taken notice of his doing so for quite a while now, and was already going to concoct and plan in her mind. Something that none of the rest of the family could know that she had even thought of. 

George kissed her cheek as he left to go to his shop for the day. He was still working to get over the loss of his twin while saving up money to get enough to buy his own house at the skyrocketing housing prices due to the war ending. Bill had left the house the day before so that he could return home to his pregnant wife that had just finished up a trip to France. Charlie hadn’t been able to make it back to the house that summer with the rest of her children, which saddened her but she understood. Arthur had left for work early, as he always did which was one of the main reasons that she had allowed herself to come up with this plot. Percy had moved out long ago as they hadn’t been able to forgive him after his behavior and while he was welcome at the burrow, he never really visited. Ron and Ginny were outside with Hermione already, leaving just her and Harry alone in the house.

She dried her hands off on the dishtowel sitting on the counter and then tossed it over to the washing bin that was currently working itself. She glanced over to the living room to make sure that Harry could see her as she strode through the short hallway.

She made a sharp turn into the bathroom and turned the faucet on. Water spurted out of the showerhead and down onto the tub bellow, running down into the drain as it quickly warmed to the perfect temperature thanks to a spell that she had picked up on.

Molly smiled softly to herself and removed her dress and the petticoats beneath it, laying them onto the counter of the bathroom before she stepped over the lip of the tub and into the assault of water.

Just as she hoped would happen, she heard the tell-tale creak of the bathroom door opening just a bit further as someone entered. She could hear fabric hitting the floor as they shed their clothing and then stepped into the tub behind her. 

“I was wondering when you were going to get the nerve to join me,” she chuckled as she turned around to see the friend of her son standing behind her. She glanced down and noted that his cock was already half-hard and that he was noticeably bigger than Arthur.

“I guess it took me a while to fight back the demons saying that you were too old for me. I also wanted to make sure that Ron wasn’t going to find out,” Harry shrugged. His hands tentatively moved from his side and trailed up her upper thigh to her waist.

“You don’t have to act like you’re going to break me or get scolded,” she chuckled as she grabbed one of his hands and used it as leverage to kiss him. 

He moved his lips slowly against her as his arms wound their way around her hips and brought him in closer. Their naked bodies rubbed against each other slowly as the kiss increased in intensity and intimacy. His cock hardened in between them, growing another couple inches despite the already pleasing length and girth. 

“Merlin,” Harry swore as his hands roamed down over her hips and to her ass. He grasped it and pulled her up into him, the few inches that he had grown since his last year at school aiding to the leverage.

Molly let out a moan and let her hands travel over the toned torso in front of her. Her fingers ghosted over the head of the cock, making Harry hiss with anticipation. “Do you want to go the full way, dear?” she asked, another smirk falling onto her face.

“Fuck yes,” he cussed, earning himself a chuckled reprimand. Harry turned them and pressed Molly up against the wall, lifting her a few inches. He lifted one of her legs and wrapped it around his waist as his arm stayed snugly around his waist. 

“No need to worry, love, just press right on,” she murmured as she grasped at the base of his cock as well as she could. Harry nodded and swallowed as he positioned the head at the beginning of her entrance. He slid in slowly, letting her take one inch of his cock at a time before he was fully sheathed inside of her. 

“You’re certainly bigger than Arthur,” she chuckled around the moan that fell from her lips. She felt as though she was splitting open from her cunt throughout the rest of her body. Her folds stretched wonderfully around the cock sheathed inside of her, and the member pressed wonderfully into her vagina, which was something that Arthur had never been able to do.

“I’ve been told I’m bigger than a lot of people,” Harry murmured as he pulled a small bit out and then thrust up into her. He grabbed her other leg and wrapped it around his waist so that she was completely dependent on him.

“Good to know I’m not the first. Bet I am the oldest,” she murmured before she threw her head back and moaned as he thrust into her again. 

“Not the oldest,” he shook his head as he nipped at her neck. They fell silent for the rest of the fuck, just moaning and mewling at each other as walls clamped down around the cock and the member reached impossible depths.

Harry let out a guttural moan as he thrust all the way inside of her, his cock throbbing and twitching as he cummed deep inside of her cunt. She mewled unlike she had since she got pregnant with Bill and orgasmed around the cock inside of her. 

When they had both come down from the euphoric high, Harry slowly pulled out of her and helped her put her feet on the cold porcelain of the bathtub. He helped her shower and massaged her hips, showing that he had been with an older woman if he knew about the issues that came afterward. He slipped out after she did, washing himself when he was sure that she had been properly taken care of. She spent the day cautiously watching him and her children, but no one seemed to know what had happened between them.



So this didn't really turn out like I had been planning it to in the beginning, but it seems to have a cohesive storyline and doesn't really differ too much from the prompt in my opinion. It was kind of influenced by me rewatching some reviews about 50 Shades of Grey (I in no way support the abuse and disgusting behavior in that book, but I do enjoy the YouTuber that posted them, which is why I watch them) in the middle of this. Oh well, I hope it's still satisfactory

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone!

 

WARNINGS: Abuse, manipulation, possible drugging, unhealthy relationships, and general creepiness

Lily pressed a hand tightly over her mouth to muffle the sobs that were echoing from it. Tears streaked down her face in well-worn trails as her shoulders shook and anger resonated deep in her stomach. She sniffled again, glancing sideways at the wizard sitting next to her on the Night Bus. He had come and sat down next to her despite the bus being mostly empty, and was making annoyed noises that she kept crying.

The young teenager glanced away from him, looking towards the back of the bus and the huge window that looked out at the other muggle traffic. She stopped crying for a moment, before the poison words that her father had spat at her just before she left the house came crashing back to her. She held her face in her hands and bit her lip to muffle the sound of the whine tearing from her throat.

It was another half hour before the bus finally stopped where she had been planning to go that night. She grabbed the backpack that had been lying on the floor by her feet and quickly left the bus. The wizard that had been sitting next to her made a move to follow her but the doors closed before he had the chance.

She turned around and breathed heavily as she watched the purple triple-decker bus speed into the frigid summer night. She turned around and swallowed harshly at the imposing building that loomed before her. She grabbed a hanky from her pocket and used it to clean off her face as she squared her shoulders and solidified her confidence.

Lily walked down the path and through the building, ignoring the looks and whispers that surrounded her as she made her way to the specific office. She paused just outside of the door before she reached out and knocked. 

“Come in,” came the chipper yet vile voice from inside. 

Lily grasped the handle and after a moment she turned and pressed the door open, revealing a heavily pink office. 

“Well, would you look at that. A Potter at my door,” the woman behind the desk chuckled as she looked up at the barely legal girl before her. Her hair was still a deep brown color, but there were gray streaks pulled back and curled into perfect yet odd ringlets around her cheekbones. She still wore the same thing as she always did, pink shall over a wool pink dress. Her face was aging and there were very prominent scowl lines on either side of her mouth and under her eyes, but she looked as though she could be quite beautiful. 

Lily entered the office and shut the door behind her, making a soft click and the latch fell into place.

“What can I do for you?” she asked, speaking through her teeth as she wanted to do something violent to the girl.

“I want you to become my teacher. I want to do something that will show my dad,” she replied, her voice catching in her throat as she tried her hardest not to cry. 

“I think that I can become a bit more than your teacher if you’d like to get back at your father,” she grinned wickedly. She motioned to the chair on the other side of her desk as a way of inviting Lily to sit down. The eighteen-year-old cautiously moved forward and sat down in the seat. Deloras grabbed the back of her seat after standing up and dragged it around the desk. She positioned it so that it was up against the desk and tilted towards Lily before she left to gather up the enchanted kettle and teacups in the corner.

“Now, why don’t you tell me what caused you to come to my office so late at night,” Deloras prompted when she sat a cup of tea in front of her and left the sugar on the table in between them. Lily moved her chair so that she was facing the older woman and took the cup. She removed her wand from the hidden pocket of the sweater her grandmother knitted her as she cast a simple detection spell on it. Nothing inside of the tea seemed to be hurtful or contain anything other than boiled water and plant leaves.

Lily glanced up at the other woman and hesitated for a moment. She could feel the tears welling up on her long lashes once more as the lump in her throat rose with them. She took a deep breath to calm herself down before the entire story of the fight with her father spilled from her fathers.

“How simply dreadful,” Delores tutted. She reached out and placed her hand on the teenager’s leg just a little higher than absolutely necessary. 

“I know that my father has wronged you too,” she murmured as she finished the rest of the tea in the cup and then set it back on the matching saucer.

“In more ways than one,” the near fifty-year-old crone tutted. 

“Tell me about it,” Lily requested, her tony pressing and curious.

“Now why would I do that?” Deloras snapped, placing her cup and saucer onto the desk to her left. “You have just spoken out against someone nearly three times your senior. I will not tolerate such behavior.”

“Then what do you suppose I do?” Lily asked, her hands clasping together tightly in her lap.

“If you really do want me to be your teacher and that much more then this needs to be something serious with rules and punishments,” Deloras continued. “I will refrain from reprimanding you from your behavior at this time since you have obviously been through so much today, but this behavior will not fly at any other time.”

Lily glanced down at her hands as a cold panic settled over her soul. She had just wanted to have a moment or two with her father’s only living enemy to try and get back to him, she wasn’t expecting this to turn into something even more serious. Despite that part of herself, something drew her to the other woman. Something that she couldn’t name and something that she also felt as though she couldn’t trust.

“You will speak when spoken to at all times, and when you must address me you will do so with the following terms,” Deloras said, giving her a despicable and yet somehow adorable smile. “Ma’am or mistress is the only acceptable titles that I will take.”

Lily glanced up at her and then back down to her hands, shaking slightly as she didn’t dare say anything. She had seen the scars across the back of her father’s hand and she didn’t want to get involved in anything like that since she would have no way out of it. 

“I do not tolerate any breaking of my rules, and you must follow them at all times. I also insist that you move in with my residence so that I can keep a better eye on you anyway. After hearing about what your father said to you I expect that you will not be welcome in your home any longer, especially since you have come to see me,” she continued.

The longer that she spoke, the more the ice-cold dread set into the teenage girl. She had planned to get a couple of shots with the press to defame her father and then claim that she had been put under a spell, which would be believable based on who she had gone to. Now that she understood what the other woman wanted her to do, the more she realized that she no longer had a way to escape. 

“Now, after all you’ve been through I think that you deserve a reward,” Deloras leaned over and pressed a gentle kiss to her lips. Lily leaned into it eagerly, her heart fluttering in her chest as the emotions clouding her finally flew away. 

She wanted this. She wanted to be able to let go and let someone control her, she wanted to be protected and showed off like she deserved. Her parents had always hidden her away from the press, but she liked being the center of attention. She adored getting to be the focus of the conversation and if she agreed to the conditions given by the older woman, then she would get that. And if she decided that she no longer liked it, she could always leave.

That night, when Deloras had finished with her work she brought her new toy home. She let Lily sleep with her that night after showing her the small, modest bedroom that she had set up for the girls that she had brought home in the past. This was going to be fun, for more than one reason.



WARNING: Contains graphic descriptions of sexual scenarios, pregnancy, birth, and all that those things entail.


“Hermione,” Ron called from the kitchen as he grabbed the pasta out of the cupboard. 

“Yes?” she asked, glancing up from the papers strewn in front of her.

“Do you think that we could have a baby?” the omega blurted as he filled the pot with water from their tap.

Hermione choked on her tea, nearly sending it spewing all over her work. She placed a hand over her mouth as she coughed a few more times and carefully placed the mug down on the coaster. “What?” she turned around in her seat so that she could see the omega.

“A baby. I want one,” he replied casually as he set the heavy pot down on the stove and turned the burner on. 

“Is there any particular reason why?” she blinked a few times at her mate as he continued to busy himself around the kitchen. 

“Well, we’ve been together since the Battle of Hogwarts, and everyone else is already starting to settle down. I just thought that it was about time,” he shrugged as he began to root through the fridge to find the item he needed to complete their evening meal. 

“Ron, I know you. Why do you want a baby?” she pried a bit further. She grabbed the ring of her cup and picked it up from the coaster. She slid her hand around it and through the handle to grasp the cup a bit better.

He whined slightly as he shut the fridge door and set the bottle of something down on the counter. He turned to her and gave her a small guilty look before casting his gaze down to her feet, “Harry and Ginny called today…”

“Oh? And what did they have to say?” she asked as she took a few steps forward and grabbed her mate’s hand. Ron leaned eagerly into the touch, tucking his head into her neck so that he could get a better whiff of her papery scent. 

“Apparently Harry just got pregnant,” he mumbled with a small pout. “With triplets.”

“Is it some kind of beta/omega pack mentality that I can’t get?” Hermione asked after she let out a confused noise and thought for a moment. 

“Mhm,” Ron mumbled into her neck as his arms squeezed her hips just a little bit harder.

“We can talk about a baby during dinner tonight, okay? This isn’t something we can really jump into, it takes a lot of planning,” Hermione said softly as she rubbed her neck up against his scent gland.

“I know, I just really want one,” he murmured. They separated after a moment and returned to the tasks that they had been doing. Ron was scowling deeply as he made dinner, an action that he did when he was upset and thinking about something that was troubling him. Hermione returned to her paperwork and got a sizable amount of it done by the time that her mate told her to clear off the table. 

They had gotten about halfway through the meal when Ron finally brought the subject back up. “So what kind of planning do we need to do to have a baby?”

“Well, we need to think about if we have enough money and time for a child. My parents were always busy and I missed them a lot during my childhood,” Hermione began as she set her fork down on her plate. She placed her elbows on the table and crossed her fingers before placing her chin on top of them.

“I think we have plenty of money. And I’m home all the time,” Ron replied as he picked at his food and evaded her gaze. 

“I suppose that’s true. The money that you got from your brothers last year did help our savings account,” she nodded. “That and the interest that the bank gave us overtime.”

“What else would we have to worry about?” Ron asked, his tone dismal and upset.

“Love, I’m not trying to discourage you from having a baby, I just want to make sure that we’re ready to become parents before we rush into something,” she explained as she reached across the table and held his hand. “You’re not pregnant now, are you?”

“No, would it be bad if I was?” he asked, finally looking up from his plate to steadily hold her gaze.

“Of course not, I just want to have some time to prepare. I’d want to open another account for a college fund and slowly get things for a nursery and a baby in the future,” she laughed. “But if you were to be pregnant right now we’d figure it out. We always do.”

“I love you, Mione,” Ron grinned as he beamed brightly at her. Even after nearly seven years of dating and five of being mated, it still astounded her how he could radiate like the sun when he was truly happy.

“I love you,” she whispered happily. She retracted her hand after a moment, signifying that the conversation was taking a lighter turn. “We can start trying for a baby during your next heat if you’d like.”

“What if I just went off birth control and we waited to see what would happen?” Ron suggested instead. “Not deliberately trying, since Mom said that doing that just makes it harder,” he rambled.

“We can definitely try that, just don’t be too disappointed if nothing happens right away. The long-term effects of birth control can render an omega infertile for months before their body and cycle return back to normal,” Hermione explained. Despite having lived around Muggles and in the outskirts of London, it was still hard for Ron to remember about the technology that was specifically centered toward omegas.

“Right,” he nodded. He finished eating as quickly as he could and then proceeded to babble to her about all of the things that he was excited to do.

The disappointment was evident in her omega’s face as he began to get the early symptoms of his yearly heat. She was getting closer and closer to her rut, which was the biggest biological symbol that they could be getting from their bodies. 

Hermione sat with her legs folded underneath her on the couch while watching her omega run around the house to make sure that it was clean and tidy. He had already cooked them the food that they would need during the heat week since the cold periods never lasted long enough for them to cook something. He had already stocked water and towels near their bed and completed his nest, so now all they had to do was a waiting game.

After a few more minutes of him double-checking that everything was up to his appropriate standards, he slipped onto the couch next to the alpha. He cautiously moved towards her, letting out little omegan chirps as his way of telling her that he had fallen into heat. She grinned wickedly as her rut enclosed on her, leaving them both as primal as animals. She crawled forward on the couch and began to slowly and passionately kiss him.

He whined and tugged at her shirt, but she had just enough of her mind to know that her mate would prefer to be mated in the nest instead of out in the open. She wrapped his legs around her waist and then lifted him off of the couch to carry him to the bedroom. She sat him carefully into his nest so that she didn’t disturb the immaculately created nest that now rested on the top of their mattress. 

He rolled over and then sat so that his heel was positioned under his dripping cunt and began rocking on it while releasing a croon for her. She gingerly entered the nest since she now knew that she wouldn’t be damaging her omega by doing so while stripping herself of her shirt. Her peck-like breasts hung limply from her chest as the nipples hardened with arousal. She leaned forward and began to kiss and nip at his neck over his scent gland. She licked over the mating mark as a way of reminding her omega who he figuratively belonged to. 

One of Hermione’s hands traveled up his shirt, and her fingers slid underneath the material of the bra that he was wearing. She pulled back and used her other hand to aid in the removal of the cloth covering his top. She threw the items far enough that they wouldn’t be in the nest but they would still be able to retrieve them if necessary. 

“Alpha,” Ron moaned out as he exposed his neck to her desperately.

“I’m here, my omega,” she murmured, her voice coming out gruff and aggressive. Her hands raced down to his pants, flying to get the button and zipper down before she removed them and his underwear in one fluid motion.

Ron wiggled away from her so that he was up closer to the headboard. He flipped over so that he was on his elbows and knees before spreading his legs apart to reveal his glistening cunt to her. Hermione rushed to remove her pants and underwear before she pulled out her achingly hard cock and rubbed it from base to tip twice. She crawled over to her lover and placed her front against his back which successfully caused her cock to rub against his wet cunt.

“Need you! Please,” Ron begged as he pressed his ass back into her in a desperate attempt for some more pleasure. Hermione was too far into her rut to tease him like she always did when they fucked and instead just grabbed the base of her cock and pressed fluidly into him. He moaned loudly as he was filled up with the thick member and stretched perfectly.

Hermione pulled out a small bit and then pressed in again before she rolled her hips in a slow circle. Pleasure washed over her, stemming from her cock and flowing throughout the rest of her body. She reveled in the feeling of hot, tight walls clenching around her cock and the mewls escaping from his mate. He was moving his hips back and up just a small bit, but not enough to pull her out of him. 

The alpha then languidly removed herself from the omega so that just the tip of her cock was pressed into him. Judging by the sound that this brought out of the omega, Hermione could tell that he currently enjoyed being fucked like this to the other methods she had just attempted.

She continued to pull out as slowly as she could and then slam back into him as hard as she dared. She bucked her hips into him at just the right angle and Ron cummed around her, his walls clenching tightly around her cock as she slipped her knot into his cunt. Pleasure coursed through both of them as they rocked in through the orgasm.

Hermione flipped them around with one quick motion so that her omega was on top of her. “Knot sex?” she asked breathlessly as she was still deep in her rut since Ron hadn’t hit his cold spell yet. 

He nodded eagerly and began to rock in a circle. He would move his hips in a certain way, clench, and then begin to rock back and forth. He stimulated the edge of his cunt at the same time that he got pleasure from friction on his clit. Knot orgasms always took a lot longer than simple sex, but Hermione ended up coming twice as much and she knew that Ron loved it.

When he finally orgasmed, he clenched down around her and threw his head back while his muscles tightened and loosened in orgasm. Hermione thrust her hips upward, her balls clenching as she orgasmed deeply into her omega. 

Ron collapsed against her as soon as his cold spell hit and she held him tightly as her lapse in rut took over. “I really hope that it takes. I wanna be a mom so badly,” he whispered, tucking his head just underneath her chin.

“I know you do. It probably will take,” Hermione said lovingly. Her hands gently carded through his hair and rubbed his hips as they drifted to sleep.

“Hello?” a groggy voice asked as the fourth ring echoed out of the phone speaker.

“Harry! Mate, I need your help,” Ron said as he paced back and forth as far as the phone cord would allow.

“With what?” the beta asked as he sat up and yawned. 

“I just took a wizard pregnancy test but I wanted to do something special for Hermione to tell her that I’m pregnant and I don’t know what to do,” he rambled before being cut off by his friend.

“Wait, wait, wait, you’re pregnant?” Harry asked.

“Oh, yeah. I guess I got so excited about planning that I forgot to officially tell you that part,” he laughed sheepishly.

“That’s amazing! Our kids can be friends!” Harry chuckled.

“Yeah!” Ron grinned wickedly. 

“Listen, Ginny is at work and I’ve been bored at home all day. I’ll come over and we can discuss ways that you can tell Hermione,” Harry said, his voice now much more awake than it had been when Ron first called. They gave each other a kind goodbye before they both hung up. Ron pulled out his wand and performed a couple of quick spells to clean up the house. Most of Hermione’s things had already been spelled away, but his things from that day were still littered around the house.

When the doorbell rang, the omega rushed over and greeted his friend with a tight hug. “It’s been far too long, mate. You and Ginny have to come over more often,” he grinned wickedly and allowed the omega into his house.

“Well, now that you’re pregnant we may have more of an excuse to see each other. I’m also not working anymore because it’s too dangerous to send me out into the field,” the beta explained, obviously happy to have someone to talk to after so long of being virtually alone in his house.

Ron glanced down at his stomach and nodded in agreement. Harry had expanded rather quickly, especially for only being in his fourth or fifth month. His once slender frame was now off balance and awkward because of the extrusion from his abdomen. They quickly made their way to the living room and Harry sat on the sofa while Ron took up residence in the armchair next to it. 

“So you did the spell, you haven’t taken a muggle test or anything?” Harry asked.

“No, I just did the spell. I didn’t know that here were muggle tests for things like this,” he replied with a shrug.

“Well, at least you know for certain. Muggle tests can be kind of faulty, apparently, the wizard test works a lot better,” Harry explained offhandedly. “How do you want to tell her?”

“I don’t know, but I wanted to do it in a fun way. I don’t want to just tell her,” Ron explained nervously as he shifted around in his seat.

“I told Ginny with a letter a picture of the triplets ultrasound,” Harry explained. “Maybe you could do something like that.”

“I don’t want to do the same thing that you did though,” he grumbled as he brought his knees up to his chest and picked at his lips.

“Maybe we could go to the shop down the street and get a pregnancy test. And snacks,” Harry added the last bit after a moment.

Ron grinned wickedly and laughed. He stood up and helped up his best friend before they both set out down the short walk to the corner store. When they returned, Harry explained how to take the test and then ushered him into the bathroom.

The omega returned after five minutes with another bright grin on his face. “I know that I already knew that I was pregnant, but this is just as exciting,” he chuckled. 

“Here, wrap them up in some of the tissue paper and then put it in the bag,” Harry handed the other a small party bag and the tissue paper. Ron did as he was told, placing both tests in the middle of the tissue paper. He folded it over twice and placed tape in the middle of it before he carefully lowered them into the bag. He used the rest of the tissue paper to decorate the top as artfully as he could, which wasn’t very well.

“Merlin, I’m so tired,” Harry mumbled as he sunk into one of the dining room chairs.

“I’ve heard that being pregnant does that,” Ron nodded in agreement as he sat down as well.

“Multiples are worse,” he yawned, running a hand through his hair. “The drafts that your mum made only made it partially better.”

“You should head home soon,” he glanced at the clock. “You can nap and I can tell Mione without any suspicion from you being here.”

“Yeah. I suppose you’re right,” Harry nodded as he stood up with some struggle. Ron watched him pull away in the beat-up car that he and Ginny had purchased right after they found out apparating and flew powder were both detrimental to Harry’s health. Apparating was never advised for pregnant people and flew powder tended to make Harry puke while pregnant.

Ron busied himself in the kitchen with the dinner that he had planned for that day before the pregnancy announcement. He hummed happily as he worked with the vegetables and set the meat to cook in the pan. “You seem to be in a good mood today,” Hermione chuckled as she walked into their house and removed her bag, coat, and shoes.

“I had some amazing news come today,” he said. He bit his tongue from saying anything else since he knew that was simply bursting to tell his alpha that he was pregnant.

“Is that why there’s a poorly wrapped present on our dining room table?” she asked as she slid her arms around his waist and placed her chin on his shoulder.

“I tried my best, and yes,” he nodded surely as excitement rushed over him.

She chuckled and walked back into their dining room. Ron glanced back and was able to see her as she removed the tissue paper sticking out of the top and reached the tests. She picked them up and quickly removed the wrappings from the two objects. Her eyes lit up as she recognized them and saw the result that adorned them both. “You’re not,” she gasped in excitement. 

“I am,” he grinned with a nod. “I’m pregnant!”

Hermione let out an ear-piercing screech that caused Crookshankes to leap from his spot on the couch and bolt upstairs to their bedroom. She rushed into the kitchen and gathered her omega up in a tight hug. She papered his face with kisses while giggling and releasing an overly proud and joyful scent.

“We’re going to be parents,” Ron laughed wetly as he wiped away his happy tears.

“We are,” Hermione nodded in agreement. “I’m so proud of you.”

The morning sickness set in when Ron was around four weeks pregnant. He was rushing to their ensuite toilet every morning to retch up the nothing that was in his stomach. Hermione was always there to rub his back and give him the draught that was supposed to help cure morning sickness, but it only helped throughout the rest of the day. Every morning, he was back in front of the porcelain throne while puking his guts up. 

Luckily, he didn’t seem to have the fatigue that Harry did. He spent most of the day wistfully moving from one task to the next as his baby brain had already taken full effect. Hermione often had to remind him where certain things were and little facts that he seemed to forget on a regular basis. They implemented the use of sticky notes to help him remember what he needed to.

When he reached the ten-week mark, they went in for their first ultrasound. Both of them were extremely excited and eager to see their pup for the first time. Ron glanced around at the other expectant mothers in the muggle hospital waiting room before he returned to cuddling with his mate. 

“Granger?” the nurse called as she walked out into the waiting room. Hermione took her husband’s hand and walked with him back into the intricate set of halls that held all of the checking rooms. The nurse took Ron’s weight, height, and blood pressure before leading them back to a waiting room and leaving them there with the message that the doctor would be with them shortly.

“Thank you for agreeing to this,” Hermione hummed as she gestured her hand around at the hospital room.

“Of course. I know that Mungos makes you uncomfortable,” Ron chuckled as he hopped up onto the examination table. His full bladder made him wince slightly but he made sure to keep his legs spread in such a way that it wouldn’t press too hard.

“I just want to be able to rely on the things here. I don’t want to worry about you catching some magical affliction. Ginny also said that the midwives and Mungos are dreadful,” Hermione rambled nervously.

“We’re going to have a home birth anyway, right?” Ron asked as he rubbed his thumb across her hand.

“Yes, of course. We can get some magical midwife so that you don’t have to worry about anything,” Hermione assured him for what must have been the millionth time since they had discussed it a week prior.

“Calm down, Mione. I’m not even that far along yet,” he giggled, turning to the side and nuzzling against his alpha.

“Knock knock,” the doctor said as she opened the door and walked into the examination room. “I hear that you’re expecting, Mr. Granger,” she smiled. “I’m Dr. Karon. Nice to meet you.”

“Same,” Ron replied awkwardly as he shook her hand.

“How did you discover that you were expecting? We didn’t seem to have you in any of our databases so it’s evident that you haven’t had any blood tests done,” the doctor said as she flipped through her notes.

Hermione narrowed her eyes and moved a bit closer to her omega as she took an immediate disliking to the alpha doctor’s tone. “Ron’s parents were a little bit different when it came to seeking out medical treatment. They didn’t trust the hospital nor did they practice traditional medicine,” she fumbled over her words slightly as she tried to pull something out of nowhere. “As for how we found out, I was surprised with two pregnancy tests as a gift.”

“How sweet,” she chuckled. “However, we would have preferred you to come in a bit sooner so that we could have measured health levels and there is the potential for an earlier ultrasound being needed. But we’ll make do with what we have,” she sighed. 

She proceeded to ask Ron questions about their intimacy habits, the symptoms that he had been experiencing, and other questions that were expected for this kind of a check-up. When the time finally came for the ultrasound portion of their appointment excitement fluttered through them both. Ron laid down on the table with his shirt pulled up and his pants pushed down as a small bit. The doctor smeared the cool gel over his belly before she grabbed the wand and placed it on his still-flat stomach.

They turned their attention to the screen as they were directed to. “Hear that? That’s the baby’s heartbeat,” the doctor chuckled. 

Both expectant parents glanced at each other with wide grins as they heard the tiny, rapid pitter-patter of their baby’s heartbeat. “Is the machine working correctly? I can hear two,” Hermione said after a moment. It sounded almost like an echo, with one going off and then a slightly quieter one echoing back to them.

“That’s no mistake with the machine, you’re having twins,” Dr. Karon replied with a slight chuckle. She pointed to two alien-like beings clouded by blue-hued black and white static.

“Merlin’s Beard,” Ron whispered as his eyes went wide.

“Twins!” Hermione grinned widely as she caught her omega’s lips in a passionate kiss. The initial excitement that she had when she learned that she was going to be a father returned and it showed.

“We’re having twins, two babies,” Ron laughed as he looked between the screen and his mate. 

“This is amazing,” she whispered, nuzzling into him. “I’m so proud of you,” she pressed her forehead against his and held his hand all the tighter. The doctor chuckled and gave them a moment before printing a couple of photos and handing Ron a towel to wipe the gel off with.

“Uh, may I go to the restroom?” the omega asked when he finished wiping it off of his stomach.

“Yes, of course,” the doctor nodded as she examined the frozen frame of the baby on the screen. When her patient had returned, she continued her spiel of information. “With twins, you’re probably going to have more intense symptoms of the pregnancy. This means increased nausea and morning sickness, more fatigue, more of everything. It also means that you will get bigger than you would with one pup and you should also start showing sooner rather than later. Along with that, because there is less room for the pups overall your body will naturally go into labor before it would with a singular pup.”

“Will there be any complications in growth and development due to the early labor?” Hermione asked worriedly. 

“It has been shown in several studies that twins grow slower physically and mentally compared to children born alone, but this should not have any lasting effects on the pups,” the doctor shook her head. “At the moment, I would implore you to come up with a detailed birth plan and decide what you want to do, where you want to have it, and other details like that,” she finished.

“We’ve already thought a little about that, but it’s definitely something that we can look into,” Hermione nodded. She had just noticed something about her lover and now the only thing that she could focus on was getting him home so that he could explore the latest change to his body.

“Well, I’ll give you a prescription for some prenatal vitamins that should help with the development of the twins,” Dr. Karon continued. “You can schedule that next ultrasound and appointments at the front desk.”

“Thank you, Dr. Karon,” Hermione said curtly as she reached over to hold her omega’s hand tightly. Ron leaned into her slightly before he jumped off of the examination bed and walked out into the waiting room with her. They waited patiently for their turn and then scheduled the other appointments required for the pregnancy before returning home. 

Hermione gently tugged her mate into the living room. She sat down on their couch and then placed the omega down on her lap with his legs on either side of her hips. Her hands traced up his thighs and then dipped underneath his shirt while she kissed up his jaw to get closer to his ear. “Why didn’t you tell me you were showing?” she asked as her teeth caught the lobe and tugged it down.

Ron giggled at her action and wrapped her arms around her shoulders as he leaned closer to her. “I didn’t realize. I thought that I was just bloated.

“No, you’re carrying my pups,” Hermione whispered against him. Her cock grew hard in her pants, causing it to strain against the denim material. She thrust her hips up in a seductive circle as she made sure to get all of the right parts of her mate to turn him on. Ron mewled and ground down against her, showing her that he appreciated her actions.

“Do you want me to fuck you or eat you out?” Hermione asked, her alpha side taking over her normally rational and filtered mind.

“Eat me out?” Ron asked hopefully as he pulled his head back from where it had been against her neck. 

“Of course,” she grinned wickedly as she turned them so that Ron was lying down on the couch. She wiggled his pants off and then caught one of his ankles, placing it over the back of the couch. Her eyes glanced over the small roundness of his lower stomach that was peeking out from underneath his shirt and then down to the glistening folds hidden under the bush of black pubic hair. 

Hermione leaned down and nosed her way past the hair so that she could reach the inside of his delicious cunt. She pressed her tongue flat against his folds and then licked up once, which drew a lewd moan from his lips. He reached down and wove his long fingers through her bushy hand as she repeated the motion. He threw an arm over his eyes and bucked up into each one of the long and sensual licks.

She then changed the action just as he was beginning to get close to his orgasm. Her tongue dipped inside of him so that she could lick the delicious slick oozing out of her mate a little bit easier. Ron began to moan louder and louder, using his grasp on her hair to pull her head up just a bit. Hermione rut against the seam in her pants as she thought about getting to do this when he was hugely pregnant with her pups, instead of just barely showing. 

“Hermione!” Ron nearly screamed as he orgasmed, sending a shock of omega ejaculation onto her tongue. She pulled back and smacked her lips before she rut against her pants twice more and orgasmed into her boxers. She shuddered at the feeling of semen leaking down onto her now flaccid cock.

“Shower,” she murmured as she held out a hand to help him up from the couch. He gratefully took it and followed her to their bathroom. He leaned over and kissed her bright red cheek. Hermione had a habit of being embarrassed when she came out of her alpha sex-related scenes. She enjoyed doting over him and spent more time than necessary with her hands lingering over the barely noticeable baby bump that he was sporting.

 

“Ron, love, what’s wrong?” Hermione asked as she walked up into their bedroom one Saturday afternoon. She couldn’t help the excited flutter that raced throughout her as she saw how he looked. The red-headed omega was sitting on the edge of their bed with his hands rubbing over his rapidly growing baby bump. He was dressed in his baggy sleep shirt and had an old pair of jeans pulled over his legs but the zipper and button were left open.

“I can’t put my pants on,” he whimpered as he rubbed his face with both of his hands. 

“Oh, love,” Hermione giggled softly as she got on her knees in front of him. 

“It’s not funny! I’m getting fat!” Ron burst into tears, saline water rushing down his face in repetitive rivers as he brought his hands up to cover his face.

“No, no, love,” Hermione immediately soothed. Her hand rubbed up and down his thigh to try and calm him down before she reached up and grasped one of his hands. “I wasn’t laughing at you, I promise.”

“Then what were you laughing at?” Ron spat back, anger replacing the overwhelming sadness that he had felt moments before.

“The situation in general. Ginny just called me to talk about Harry going through the same thing,” she sat on the edge of the bed next to her omega. She wrapped her arm around his hip and brought him a bit closer to her so that she could pet his hair. 

“How about you find something comfortable to wear today and I’ll go out and get you some clothes, alright?” she soothed as she kissed his bright red locks.

“Okay,” he nodded with a small sniffle of sadness. She pressed a kiss to his lips and then got down on the ground to kiss his bump happily. “Maybe we can also do something a little more fun when we get back.”

Ron grinned at her and lightened up a little, which once again baffled her. She had no idea how he could swing back and forth through emotions so easily. When she did return, she found her omega curled up on the bed with nothing but a shirt on. 

“Ron, sweetheart,” she cooed as she shook his shoulder gently to wake him up. 

“Hi Mione,” he smiled as he woke up and looked at her through one eye. “I missed you,” he reached one arm up and pulled her down onto the bed next to him. The alpha quickly complied and wrapped her arms around his expanding hips while pressing his bump into her stomach.

“I missed you three more,” she whispered as she pressed a ghost of a kiss to his forehead and then to his lips.

“I missed you the most. They still sleep most of the time even if I feel some movement,” he smiled softly and nuzzled against her. 

“Would you like to show me how much to miss me?” she asked slyly as she began to kiss his cheek slowly.

“Alpha,” Ron mewled happily. He took the initiative this time since Hermione had been the one to control their mating session last night. He pressed her shoulder so that she rolled over onto her back and then hauled himself up with some difficulty. He swatted away his alpha’s hands when she reached over to assist him and shifted back and forth slightly to make himself more comfortable.

His hands traveled down her body sensually until he reached her pants, his nimble fingers fondling her cock through the thick fabric of her pants. He smirked at the moan that fell from her lips at his action and quickly removed her pants and underwear from around her hips. He released a small purr as he looked over the hardened member standing up proud and tall in front of him. Slick rushed out of him, causing his folds to become glistening and warm. He slung his leg over her hips and then sat there for a moment as he steadied himself. Moving like that definitely became harder the larger and more swollen he got. 

“Merlin, Ron,” Hermione whispered, her hands immediately going to rub over the clothed bump. Ron grinned and giggled slightly as he removed the shirt and then reached behind him for her cock. He held the tip with his hand as he positioned it just underneath his entrance and then sat down heavily on it. 

He moaned, throwing his head back as he took the entire cock in one dropdown. Hermione placed one hand on his hip to help guide him up and down while the other rolled over the taut skin stretched over his stomach. 

“You’re so beautiful, omega,” Hermione murmured as she thrust up into him a little bit every time he bounced. “I love you so much, you look so hot all swollen and big with my pups.”

“Mione,” Ron whimpered as his orgasm drew closer and closer. He was honestly glad that his new appearance had increased his alpha’s libido so much since his own body was adjusting to the changes by making him impossibly horny and touch-starved.

“Cum for me, amazing omega,” she cooed as her hand strayed up a bit further and tweaked his nipple softly. Ron mewled slightly and pressed his hands down into the couch and he stopped bouncing and clenched down on her cock as hard as he could. He let out several lewd noises as he orgasmed, and they only increased as Hermione thrust up into him once and unleashed her load into him.

“Merlin, you’re so beautiful,” she whispered as she caressed his cheek with her hand. “I love you so much.”

“I love you, Mione,” he mumbled as he awkwardly leaned down and kissed her lips.

Soft fading light shone through the windows onto the ground from the full moon and the stars that shone brightly through the inky blackness of the night sky. Ron had a thick quilt wrapped around himself inside of his nest, which had been newly remade from an incident that required him to wash everything and remake it due to instincts. He had a body pillow tucked between his legs and underneath his massive baby bump in a desperate attempt to try and make himself more comfortable. Hermione was facing him in her sleep with her hand extended so that it was pressed flat against his belly.

The omega was still wide awake despite the clock showing that each minute brought them another step into the earliest hours of the morning. Though he didn’t mind much because the reason that he was being kept awake was so exhilarating and exciting that he didn’t want to be sleeping through it. He ran a hand over the swollen mound that had once been flat muscle and smiled as a fluttery movement followed it. 

He reached over a small bit and shook his mate twice to try and get her to wake up. “Ron? Is everything alright?” she propped herself up on the bed with her elbow and rubbed her eye with her other hand. “Is it another craving?”

“The pups are moving,” he rushed the words out as quickly as he could as the excitement shone through onto his face.

“What?” she asked, sleep heavy in her voice.

“The pups. They’re moving,” he repeated, reaching out for her hand and pressing it to the underside of his belly where he had last felt a butterfly kick. They waited in silence for a moment, both of them holding their breaths until the movement was repeated.

“Oh. Oh Merlin,” Hermione beamed widely as she realized what her mate had been saying. She scrambled so that she was kneeling over the bed and close to the baby bump. She rubbed over it and pressed her forehead to the middle-side section due to how her husband was lying down. Her smile widened tenfold when she felt another movement flutter over her hands. 

“Hey there little ones,” she whispered, tears raising her to her eyes as she spoke. “We already love you so much. You are going to be so spoiled and loved when you finally get here. Thank you for giving us this joy and happiness already. And thank you for giving us the change to be parents and have a family of our own.”

“Mione,” Ron whispered, his voice choked up with tears. “Why did you have to say that? That was so sweet,” he whispered as he threw an arm over his eyes and began to cry softly. She moved over to him and pressed a kiss to his exposed forehead with a little giggle. She reached over him and offered him a tissue when he had stopped crying.

“These hormones are awful,” he complained as he placed the tissue into the garbage bin next to his bed. 

“They’re not that bad, you get a baby out of them,” she chuckled, her words slurred and confusing due to the late hour. 

“That’s true,” he yawned. “They seemed to settle down though. Night Mione,” he curled against his pillows and quickly fell asleep.

She chuckled and kissed his head, “Goodnight, omega. Goodnight to you two, too.”

“I’m not sure that I should go to work today,” Hermione mumbled as she busied herself around their room. 

“Who are you and how did you get part of my wife’s DNA?” he asked with a small snort

“You’re thirty-five weeks pregnant, Ronald,” she deadpanned as she turned around. She was a bit of a mess, with her normal immaculate outfit looking like it had been magicked onto her by a first year. Her shirt was buttoned up wrong in several spots, her skirt was in the wrong place and hadn’t been ironed. Her hair was frizzier than normal and sticking up all over the place.

“You don’t have to remind me of that,” he shook his head. “The kicking and the constant urge to pee does that well enough.”

“You could go into labor any day now and I’m planning on going to work someplace that doesn’t allow phones to work!” she worried, throwing her arms above her head in exasperation. 

“Mione, I’m a week away from my due date and I haven’t felt any of the starting symptoms. I’ll contact Mum and Dad if I start feeling labor and Dad’ll be able to get to you,” he shrugged easily.

“But what if something happens like Ginny and Harry?” she asked as she got to the edge of the nest and held his hand from the outside.

“Harry was pregnant with triplets and Ginny was in another country. That’s not going to happen with us,” Ron promised. “Now go to work.”

“Yes, fine, alright,” she nodded. She glanced over into a mirror and grimaced, fixing her clothing before she magicked her hair back into a bug on the back of her head and slipped on her shoes. “I’ll be back around supper. What do you want?’

“Could you bring back some of the muggle food that we tried a week ago?” he asked hopefully.

“Of course, my love,” she cooed before she grabbed her wand and disapparated, heading to work.

Ron grunted and hauled himself up to go about his normal day things. He paused for a moment once he got out of the nest and pressed a hand to the wall to support himself. The other went to the underside of his massively swollen stomach. A small cramp rose in his back and then was gone after about ten seconds. 

“Stupid weight gain,” he muttered under his breath as he gathered up a comfortable outfit for the day and managed to take a shower. He made something to eat and spent some time reading and watching the muggle TV that Hermione had gotten when they first moved in. Almost half an hour later, the same pain returned and was gone just like it had been before. He had lunch and did the small amount of cleaning that he could manage with his magic being sapped away by the infants as it had gotten to that stage of the pregnancy.

He settled himself into their large recliner with the quilt that had been a wedding present from his mother and napped for the duration of the afternoon. He woke up around three with what he assumed was a false contraction. The pain built up in his back and then wrapped around his front, causing all of the muscles to contract together tightly. He gripped the arms of the chair and let out a strangled groan before he was finally able to relax.

He thought that would have been the last of it, but about ten minutes later he got another obnoxiously strong false contraction. He whined, the idea of labor flashing through his mind for just a moment. He got up from the chair as quickly as he could and dialed the number for the phone at the Burrow.

 He waited for a moment, pressing his entire forearm onto the cool wallpaper adorning the surface and then laying his forehead against the other side of his arm. 

“Hullo?” his mother finally answered after he had been ready to give up and set the phone down.

“Mum,” he whispered as another pain wrapped around him. 

“Ron? Is that you, dear?” she asked, worry shoved into her every word.

“Yes, I think I’m in labor,” he whimpered as he nearly collapsed due to the overwhelming pain. It was gone after a couple more seconds and he took in a few gasps to get his breath back. 

“Oh, dear. I’ll be there in a few minutes, you just find somewhere comfortable,” she said quickly. There was shouting from her line of the phone as the omega hung up and slowly made his way up the stairs to try and get to his nest. He paused and leaned against the wall to catch his breath once he had made it all the way up. He looked down just long enough to see that he had been trailing blood on the rug while he walked. 

He whimpered but didn’t panic as he knew that it was most likely the mucus plug and not something going horribly wrong with his pups. He finally got into the bed and curled up as small as he could as he got another contraction.

“Ron?” Molly called as she walked up the stairs to get to her son. “Hello, dear,” she said soothingly as she approached the bed. She reached it and touched the back of her hand to his forehead just like she had so many times before. 

“Mum, it hurts,” he whispered as he rearranged himself so that he was sitting up in the bed.

“I bet it does,” she nodded. “Do you know how long you’ve been having pains?”

“Since this morning. I thought that I was just uncomfortable since I’m almost thirty-six weeks along with twins,” he rambled as he laid back against the headboard and several pillows. 

“I thought the same thing when I had the Bill,” Molly nodded as she brought up a chair to the edge of the bed and held his hand. “You’ll be alright. I’ve sent your father to get Hermione back home, and in the meantime, we can track how far apart your contractions are.”

“Are they really coming, Mum?” Ron asked.

“I think that they are, love,” she nodded. “And there’s no stopping a baby once they decide that it’s their time to make their way into the world.”

“I guess not,” he nodded solemnly.

“Ron?” Hermione screeched as she rushed into the room not two minutes later. She came to the edge of the bed and touched his cheek and scented him immediately. “Arthur said that you were in labor, why didn’t you tell me?”

“I didn’t think that I was actually in labor,” he replied immediately. 

“Well, I-” Hermione paused and took a deep breath to calm herself down from hysterics. “It doesn’t matter. I’m here now and I won’t leave your side for an instant,” she promised as she kissed his forehead.

“Thank you,” he breathed as he tightened up again. He let out a little whimper and held her wrist tightly for a moment while she just pressed her forehead to his. 

“I’m going to go change but then I’ll be right back,” she promised as she kissed his cheek. She was gone and then returned a moment later. She waited at the edge of the nest for a moment before Ron released a scent to tell his alpha that she had permission and then she clambered in.

“I’ll go get your midwife,” Molly stood up with a kind smile as she left the expectant couple alone for a while.

“I never expected it to hurt this much,” Ron mumbled as he allowed Hermione to move him so that she was sitting behind him with the omega sat in between her legs. He leaned back against her and held both of her hands, rocking back and forth every six minutes when a contraction came. 

“I know, love, but I’m here,” she soothed, running one of her hands over his forehead and through his bright red locks. He used the opportunity to take his other hand and press it to the bottom of his bump as he continued to squeeze his alpha’s hand.

“Mr. Granger?” the midwife asked politely as she walked into the room. She gave them both a curt smile as she got closer to the bed. She took out her wand and cast a spell while pressing the tip of the magical stick to the bump. The soft pitter of two heartbeats rang throughout their bedroom and caused the couple to calm down as much as they could.

“Everything seems to be going well. Has your water broken?” she asked as she glanced at the enchanted spell hoving on their wall. It was similar to a muggle stopwatch but it kept track of how long the contractions were and how frequent they were.

“Not yet. I think my mucus plug dislodged though,” he replied breathlessly as he leaned heavily into his mate.

“Well, that’s good,” she chuckled. The smile lines around her eyes tightened and brought attention to the golden orbs as she looked over the entire room. “If you’d like to try and speed things along you can try walking around the upper floor of the house until your water breaks. Based on what your mother told me, once it does the pups should be here in under an hour.”

“Walking,” Ron nodded. He let Hermione and the midwife help him out of the nest before he had to pause and deal with another contraction. They began to pace around the short hallway and bedroom that made up their second floor. The omega would often pause just outside of the nursery whenever he was going to have another contraction and lean on the wall. After about forty-five minutes of the repeated process, he stopped and whimpered as a gush of water slowly dribbled down his legs.

“Hermione,” he whimpered as he reached out for the alpha and grasped her inner elbow.

“I’ve got you, I’m here,” she soothed as she rubbed up and down his back as the contractions increased in their pain levels due to the cushion being gone. She walked him back to the bedroom and helped him into the nest. She resumed her position behind him and helped him rock back and forth as the pains began to occur every three minutes, then every two, and finally he was ready to push. 

The midwife got permission to climb into the nest and then did so, sitting in between his already bare legs. They had removed the clothing on his lower half when his water had broken since it was uncomfortable without doing so. She positioned them in such a way that she could catch the babies when they were finally arriving into the world. She had already gotten Molly’s help in filling up basins of water and a warm bath in the ensuite for the infant’s first baths when the time came. There were plenty of towels stacked next to the nest and all of them had their wands readily available.

Ron held both of Hermione’s hands as he pushed, pressing his chin down to his chest with the force of his pushing. “God, it feels like I’m pooping,” he complained as he collapsed back against her.

“I can promise you that you're not,” the midwife chuckled. “We have spells that prevent any matter other than things from the vagina from passing during birth.”

Ron didn’t respond as he started pushing again. His cunt felt like it was being ripped open as something huge passed through him and out into the world. He let out a strangled scream and then gasped for breath as the head of the first twin slid all the way out of him. 

“Just a few more pushes and you’ll have your firstborn,” Ms. Saraline said with a small chuckle.

Ron nodded breathlessly and kept pushing, managing to get one shoulder out with one push and then the other shoulder with the next. The rest of the baby slid out of him and into the towel that the midwife had been holding just underneath the head of the pup. She quickly placed the baby on the cloth of his mother’s shirt and rubbed off some of the white mucus that he was covered in. The infant began to scream and whine as he realized that he was no longer in the safety of his mother.

“Hi baby,” Ron whispered. He stopped holding Hermione’s hands just long enough to brush a hand over the newly toweled off cheek of their eldest. “You’re so beautiful,” he murmured.

The midwife tied off the cord and then handed Hermione a pair of magically sterilized scissors. The alpha took them and cut the cord just like she had been instructed to. Molly came in and took the pup for washing while Ron began to push out the afterbirth for the eldest twin. As soon as it slid out of him, the midwife magicked it away and then readied him for the arrival of the second baby.

The younger twin came faster than the eldest one, emerging into the world after just ten minutes of intense pushing. Ms. Saraline placed the smaller infant onto his mother’s chest as well. The younger twins didn't cry and instead coughed up the mucus that he had swallowed in his hurry to breathe. He looked up at his parents with wide, brown doe eyes. 

“Hi baby,” Hermione cooed, astonishment evident on her face as she looked over the tiny infant. 

“Is he supposed to be crying?” Ron asked worriedly as he released as much of his scent as he could to try and scent the baby in the bathroom as well as the one on his chest.

“Some baby’s don’t,” she replied as she tied off the cord and then handed the scissors to Hermione. The alpha cut the second pup’s cords and then reluctantly moved away from her mate to hold their eldest as Molly took the younger pup. 

Their eldest was screaming at the top of his lungs while kicking and straining against the blanket wrapped around him. Hermione smiled slightly and wiped away some of the tears that were streaking down her cheeks. It felt as though her heart were exploding with a kind of love that she had never once felt before. 

The midwife cleaned up the afterbirth and then sewed the omega up after giving him a potion to accelerate the healing process without damaging his body or causing him to feral. She magicked the bedsheets out from under him and then replaced them, sending all of the bloody ones to the hamper with a flick of her wand. 

Hermione crawled into the bed with her mate, propping him up against the pillows and handing over their eldest after he removed his shirt. He cooed and let out a soft purr as he held the pup to his breast and let him take his first meal. He scrunched up his nose and giggled at the feeling as he could feel the swollenness of his tits decreasing as the pup drank.

“Do you have any names picked out?” the midwife asked as she popped two birth certificates into existence and began to scrawl information down. 

“Rose Weasley-Granger,” Ron said as he stared down at the pup in his arms. “For the eldest. Hugo Weasley-Granger for the youngest,” he murmured. He looked up when his mother brought over the aforementioned pup and helped him rearrange the other baby so that he could nurse them both at the same time.

Ms. Saraline nodded and filled in the information before she left them a copy and headed out with a promise to return and check up on how the pups and Ron were doing in the afternoon the next day. 

Ron burped the eldest and then handed him off to Hermione as he focused his attention down on their youngest. Molly helped the alpha learn how to diaper and dress the pup, who didn’t want the cloth in the slightest. When they had both pups fed and dressed, they focused on washing Ron off and helping him go to the bathroom while he was still having contractions to close his cervix. 

Finally, they were alone in the house with their new arrivals. Hermione held the youngest while Ron held their eldest. “We’re parents, Mione,” the omega murmured as he leaned sleepily against his mate.

“We are. I’m so proud of you, omega,” she whispered as she turned her head and kissed his locks.

“Why?” he asked with a little giggle. He was delirious from pain and exhilaration. 

“Because you created humans. You made these beautiful little ones,” she answered easily. “And, in the most traditional sense, you gave me an alpha firstborn.”

“Yeah, I guess I did,” he laughed. “Do you think they’ll get along with Harry and Ginny’s kids?”

“Hopefully, since they’ll be seeing a lot of their siblings,” she replied easily. She took the other baby and brought them to the bassinet that they set up on the edge of their room so that they could keep a good eye on their newborns for a couple of months. Ron slid down on the bed and rolled over, yawning widely before he fell asleep.

Hermione chuckled and watched as Crookshanks jumped up onto the dresser next to the pups' crib and sniffed at them. He gave her a small mew and then jumped off and wandered away. She turned back to her babies, “I meant what I said when you were still in your Momma, I love you so much. So, so much.”



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit scenes, drinking, inebriation, transgender characters, body modification, and semi-kinky sex


The liquid burned and stuck to every crevice of his through that it could find as he swallowed another shot. His cheeks were a brilliant shade of red already and he had a wicked grin on his face. His stomach was warm with the fire whiskey from his last question, and yet the circle had already turned back to him.

“Harry, mate,” Seamus said as he blinked a few times. The Irishman had had twice as much as Harry had, and yet he seemed to be far less drunk than he was. 

“Wha?” he asked, his words slurred and confused as he slowly turned to look at his classmate. He was leaning heavily on his boyfriend, their hands weaved together as they nearly sat on top of each other.

“Go up to the rooms and tell Dean something you’ve never told him before,” Seamus pointed vaguely towards their room with his left hand as he grasped for the butterbeer that Ron had taken out of his hands just before he started talking. 

“God, Seamus, you’re going to have the worst headache tomorrow,” Ginny laughed. She had wanted to participate in their game, but she was still underage and none of them were willing to face the wrath of Molly Weasley if she were to find out.

Harry staggered to his feet with the help of his mate and then followed him up the stairs while catcalls and wolf-whistles echoed from lower down. The smaller alpha giggled as he shut the door tightly behind them and then collapsed down onto Dean’s bed.

“Hey cutie,” the aforementioned alpha chuckled as he leaned down and pressed sweet kisses all over his face. Harry wrapped his arms around the alpha’s shoulders and nuzzled into the touches. “You gotta tell me a secret,” the taller mumbled as he wrapped his lanky arms around Harry’s waist and pulled him into his lap on the floor. 

“I don’t wanna be an alpha,” Harry blurted after a moment, leaning back against the frame of the bed. 

“What?” Dean asked with a small laugh. He had barely been drinking at all since he wasn’t one for sipping and hadn’t been dared as often as the others had. He was quiet, both verbally and magically, and others often forgot that he was there, but Harry never did.

“I don’t wanna be an alpha,” he repeated. “It’s so hard, and people are always looking at me to make decisions. I thought that once the war ended I would be able to just be me, and people wouldn’t think of me as any different but there’s still all this pressure on me to be...”

“Harry, are you serious about this or is this the alcohol talking?” Dean asked, sobering up just a little bit so that he could have some semblance of rational thought. He grabbed his wand from the inside of his robes and tapped it twice against Harry’s forehead as he said the spell to sober up his courting partner for at least a little while. He then flicked it once around the side of his head and muttered the hangover cure spell he had learned last week.

“What’s happening?” Harry asked as he rubbed the spot on his forehead just above his scar.

“You told me that you didn’t want to be an alpha anymore. Did you mean that?” he asked nervously.

“I-I mean, yeah,” he nodded, averting his gaze and blushing heavily. “I don’t like being an alpha because I have to be so responsible. Maybe if I wasn’t an alpha, people would expect a little less from me and I’d be able to make a few mistakes.”

“Harry,” Dean whispered, kissing his forehead as he caught the arm that had taken to nervously picking at his robes. “If you really don’t want to be an alpha anymore, then we can get you treatments from Madame Pomfrey. She may not be the most gifted healer in the world when it comes to transfiguration, but I’m pretty gifted in that. We can make your body more feminine to the point where…” he trailed off, realizing he had gotten a little overly excited and could be intimidating his courting partner.

“No, I want this,” Harry nodded. “I want to be a beta, if not an omega.”

“Beta is about the best that we can do, even with magic,” he chuckled weakly. “There will always be more alpha hormones in your body than omega ones, which will make you chemically a beta.”

“It’s better than nothing,” he replied with a shrug. He leaned down and gently gave the other alpha another chaste kiss on the lips.  “How quickly can we get that?” he asked, breathless with excitement.

“Tomorrow,” he replied with a shrug. “But we should get back downstairs before they think that we’re sleeping together.”

“Not that we’ve done anything like that anyway,” Harry muttered as he got off of his courting partner and then made his way towards the door. Dean gave him an odd look as he followed behind, trying to riddle out what he had said through his alcohol-addled mind. 

Harry rolled over and yawned as the sun shone through the windows and down onto his bed. He glanced over and saw that Seamus was no longer in his bed, and was instead in the bathroom puking his guts up thanks to the hangover. Ron was still dead-asleep in his bed with Hermione tucked into his arms protectively. Dean was getting up at the same time as his courting partner with a knowing smile. Harry grinned wickedly as he pushed his glasses up the rest of the way onto his nose. He hurriedly got dressed and then hurried down to breakfast with his courting partner. 

They returned to the eighth-year dorm room to wait out the hours until it was a more reasonable time to visit the hospital wing and get things underway. Dean suddenly turned to his mate, eyebrows furrowed together with serious thought, “Harry, are you sure that you want this? While it is reversible, it’s kind of invasive and painful to go either way.”

“I’m sure that I want this. I’ve been thinking about it for almost a year,” he nodded. “I don’t want to change my pronouns or anything, but being something other than an alpha would be such a relief.”

“Just as long as you’re sure that this is what you really want,” he replied simply as he leaned down and pressed a sweet kiss to his cheek.

“What does Harry really want?” Hermione asked as she gracefully walked down the stairs of the boys’ dorm room and took up residence in her favorite chair. 

“To not be an alpha. Dean and I talked about it last night after sobering up and we both agree that it’s something that I should do,” Harry blurted as he sat down on the couch next to her. Dean sat down on the other side of Harry, casually listening to the conversation. 

“Isn’t gender reassignment surgery incredibly dangerous?” Hermione asked, her brows furrowed together with concern.

“Not for wizards. It doesn’t involve surgery, it just involves transfiguration and some easily made potions to help ease the transformation and increase the omega hormones. Unfortunately, chemically, it results in any trans person being a beta instead of an alpha or a beta,” Dean explained quickly. Medical magic had always been a passion of his, and what he was planning on going into when he graduated finally. 

“And you’re going to do that today? Won’t people be a little shocked at the sudden changes in your body?” she asked.

“I’m so used to people talking about me and every aspect of my life that I’m desensitized by it now,” Harry shrugged.

“Alright, just as long as you’re sure that this is what you want,” she smiled comfortingly and gave his hand a gentle squeeze. The conversation drifted back to what they remembered from last night and hangovers before it was finally a sensible time to go and start the process in the hospital wing. 

Harry paused when they finally got to the menacingly monstrous sized doors that lead to the hospital portion of Hogwarts. He grasped for his courting partner's hand, taking in another deep breath as he squared his shoulders. “I’ve done so many things in my life that I should have been terrified for, but now I choose to be scared instead,” he laughed at himself.

“This is something that isn’t fueled by adrenaline and the need to protect people, you have time to doublethink and panic about it,” Dean answered easily as he gave him a lopsided smile. Harry grinned back and then pushed the door open with his free hand, walking past rows and rows of empty beds until they reached the witch’s office.

“Enter,” she called when she heard the knock. They did as they were told and pressed the door open, walking into the small office. “What can I do for you two boys?” she asked as she glanced up from the letter that she was writing.

“I would like to, uh,” he paused, heat rising to his cheeks. He cleared his throat and tried again, “I want to be as close to omega as I can be, and I was told that you could help with the magical changes that I need.”

“You could have just asked Mr. Thomas here, as he’s Professor McGonagall and mine’s best student when it comes to medical magics,” she replied with a chuckle.

“I didn’t feel comfortable casting any of the spells on Harry because of our relationship, Madame,” Dean cleared his throat with a sheepish smile.

“Of course,” she chuckled as she grabbed her wand and walked around the desk. “I can begin the spells now if you wish, or we can set a date for a couple of weeks from now. I already have some of the omega hormone potions and you would have a shorter supply than I normally like to give the trans students here,” she rambled as she firmly grasped her wand in her right hand. 

“I’d be fine coming back when I run out of them for more, as long as I can start this now,” Harry firmly stated. She gave him a compassionate smile and then led him out to the greater hospital area. She pulled the curtains around one of the beds and gave him time to sit down and make himself comfortable against the old pillows. Dean sat on the other side of his bed, holding his hand and giving him a reassuring smile along with a proud scent.

Madame Pomfrey handed him a pain-numbing potion that he quickly tossed back before he settled back onto the bed and shut his eyes as he prepared himself for the pain that he had been promised to come. The sensation was more strange than painful, especially since he had been under the effects of the Cruciatus Curse more than one. The first spell was meant for his chest, which made the skin stretch and grow rather painfully. He could feel his new breasts becoming heavy with fat and other structures that would allow him to provide milk for any potential children. 

When the first spell finished, he was given a few moments to breathe and relax before the next one was enacted. This one was meant for his more private areas, and the pain level increased tenfold. He could feel his cock shrinking down and the deflated knot at the base disappearing. It felt as though he were going through puberty in reverse but sped up a hundred times what was natural. His balls retracted into him and pulled up into his stomach, turning into what he guessed were ovaries. He could feel his scrotum pulling into his body as well, leaving just enough on the outside to turn into the lips of a cunt. The inside turned to a different texture and expanded upward into a uterus that connected to the newly formed ovaries to create fallopian tubes. 

“Harry, you’re okay, love,” Dean murmured against his forehead as his other hand wiped away the tears that the now-beta hadn’t even realized were rushing down his face. “I’ve got you, you’re okay.”

Madame Pomfrey didn’t say anything, just giving the lovers a moment while her patient recovered from the pain that the transformation had caused him. 

“I’m okay, I promise,” he sniffled, bringing one of his hands up to wipe away his tears and rid himself of the snot dripping out of his nose. “I just wasn't expecting that to hurt as much as it did.”

“Magic is amazing, but it can’t create something from nothing. The omega parts had to be created from something that you already had,” Dean explained.

“Can we finish up so that I can see what I look like?” Harry asked after he nodded in affirmation. 

“Of course,” the witch replied as she waved her wand over him and cast the last spell. This one was the most painful as it felt with his bones instead of anything else. His collarbone moved and became more prominent so that he could carry the breasts a bit better. His hips widened so that he would be able to carry a child without hurting himself or the pup. When it finally finished he was gasping for breath and shaking like a leaf in a squall. 

“You did it, Harry,” Dean whispered as he brought his courting partner’s hand to his lips and gently pressed kisses to it.

“That was horrible,” Harry whispered as he sat upon the bed. His balance was off now since he had something new hanging from his chest and his hips were a different size. He glanced down at his body and felt elation flow through his entire being. 

“You look… amazing,” Dean whispered as he took a full glance over his body. 

“Potter, you’re free to go when you get your legs back. Take one of these a day and bring the glasses back to me when you finish. I’ll have more ordered by then,” Madame Pomfrey interrupted as he brought over an enchanted case and set it on the edge of the bed. 

Harry glanced at it and then back to her, “Thank you for doing this.”

“Of course. This is something that I do more often than you might think,” she chuckled as she ducked out from the curtains and continued about her normal routine.

“Harry,” Dean murmured huskily. His lip was already swollen from how much that he had been biting it in his desperate attempt to try and ebb away the arousal that he felt. “You look so good,” he leaned forward and began to kiss up and down his scent gland.

“Dean,” he muttered, a shiver spreading throughout his newly enchanted body. “Wait.”

“Sorry,” the alpha mumbled sheepishly as he pulled back and away. “I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable.”

“You didn’t, I promise,” Harry quickly grabbed the other’s dark hands and smiled warmly at him. “I just want our first time to be special. Believe me, I want to try out the new body in a sexual way.”

“We haven’t even done anything yet and I shouldn’t have expected our first time to be right after you’ve gone through someone so intense in a public place,” Dean shook his head.

“The only reason that we haven’t done anything is because we never had the time during the war and then after we just kind of got into a routine. I also wasn’t very comfortable in my body then,” Harry explained.

“I suppose. I still feel guilty for trying to push something without consent,” he sighed.

Harry grinned wickedly as an idea popped into his mind. “I want to prepare something special for you. In a week, come to the Room of Requirement and we’ll have something special.”

Dean nervously hurried down the halls as he kept checking the magically enchanted wristwatch that Harry had gotten him for their third anniversary. He paused and glanced at the wall to his left, seeing the metallic door form out of the stones that had once been there before. He quickly opened the door and then shut if behind him before anyone could see that it had been there in the first place.

His eyes darted around the room to see what it had formed as for what he and Harry needed. There was a plush red carpet on the floor and a silvery wallpaper adorning the walls. Two comfortably looking brown recliners were positioned in front of a roaring fire with a decent sized end table squeezed in between them. There was a door on the opposite wall that was opened a small bit to reveal a gold and red themed bathroom with a modern style vanity and a toilet with a tub/shower combo taking up most of the far wall. The main part of the room was taken up by a luxurious bed. It had a silvery bedspread that was covered in rose petals that appeared to be illusions. The rose petals continued down onto the ground below it on the comfortable carpet. Rose vines and actual roses were going up the sides of the bed in the place of curtains that would have hung around the bed. 

Harry was spread over the top of the bed, propped up against the pillows in such a way that there was no way he wouldn’t be sexy. He had delicate makeup on his face, lipstick over his plush lips and eyeliner, mascara, and eyeshadow over his lids to bring attention to the vivid green orbs he had been bestowed with at birth. 

The lingerie that he was adorned with fit his new body perfectly. The shoulders were spaghetti straps but turned into a lace when they cupped the curvaceous bosom that his courting partner had newly acquired. The lace continued down in an hourglass shape down the middle of the beta’s torso. It connected with another piece of lace that wrapped around his thighs and the girth of his expanded hips. The rest of it was held together with a fishnet like fabric. The bit around his hips attached to two garter belts, one on each leg. The straps that came from the belt led down to red stockings and then back up to the main piece of lingerie. 

Dean felt his mouth water and his cock harden with arousal as he saw the curves and shapes of his mate in full view. The baggy robes and uniforms that they were required to wear did nothing to show off the glory of his courting partner.

“Like what you see, alpha?” Harry asked as he pushed himself up into a sitting position.

“Merlin, yes,” he nodded. He walked in an almost trance-like state until he reached the edge of the bed. He placed his knee on the top of the mattress and placed his hands on either side of it as he pulled himself up and then proceeded to crawl on top of his beta. 

“I want you to mate me,” Harry whispered as his hands began to trail up and down his upper chest and shoulders. 

“Really?” Dean asked, stopping midway down to a kiss.

“Yeah. We’ve been dating for almost four years and I can’t imagine my life without you,” he nodded, exposing his neck to the alpha. Dean hurried complied and leaned down, sinking his teeth into the soft flesh of the beta’s scent gland. He made sure that it would be permanent and then pulled his teeth out. He ran his tongue over the wound, shivering at the copper taste that spread over his tongue. 

He pulled back a small bit, tilting his head to the side to reveal his mating mark. He let out a low moan and growl as Harry bit down into his scent gland to mate them together. He pulled away from his mate just long enough to shed his clothing off the side of the bed.

“Shit, you’re bigger than I thought you would be,” Harry mumbled as he looked over the large cock standing at attention on the alpha. He wiggled around so that Dean was sitting back on his calves and Harry was on his hands and knees with his ass facing the headboard. The beta leaned down and stroked the cock twice before he released it and licked from the base to the tip. 

“You gonna suck me off, beautiful?” Dean asked, his voice dark and husky with arousal. 

“Yes,” he replied easily as he took the head into his mouth. He took inch by inch into his mouth, sucking as he got a little bit more of the member. He opened his mouth and took the last inch, moaning slightly as he felt it hit the back of his throat.

“Shit,” Dean swore as his long, dark fingers wove their way through the beta’s hair and used the locks as leverage to keep him in place. His hips bucked upwards with his consent, and Harry didn’t seem to mind the member being shoved even further back into his throat. Dean moaned loudly as Harry pulled the cock out of his mouth while swirling his tongue around it as much as he could. When he got to the tip, he sucked as hard as he could and ran his tongue through the slit.

Dean growled slightly and bucked into his mouth about an inch before his hips stuttered and he orgasmed, his cum dumping into the mouth of his beta mate. Harry swallowed it quickly as he pulled off and sucked it clean so that not a drop was wasted.

“Fuck, beautiful,” he mumbled as he tugged the beta back into his lap. Harry giggled and wrapped his arms around Dean so that he alpha was held close to him. He rocked his hips forward dramatically so that his sopping wet cunt and flaccid cocklet rubbed against the half-erect cock that the alpha held. “Where did you learn to suck someone off like that?”

“I just felt like it was the right thing to do,” he shrugged as he was pushed down into the pillows by his mate.

“If I had known that you had that natural talent then I would have fucked you long before now,” he smirked. He sat back and stroked his cock twice to get it back to the full hardness that he wanted. “Condom?”

“In the drawer,” he pointed over the side of the bed to the end table that Dean hadn’t noticed when he entered. He rummaged around in it for a moment then pulled out the item that he had been looking for. He opened the package and slipped the rubbery condom over his cock. As he turned back to his mate, he ran his fingers down his cunt, making sure to press down on his cocklet for added pleasure. 

“Dean!” Harry moaned, spreading his legs in desperation for the alpha to fuck him. The larger of the two complied, holding the base of his cock to guide it as he lined up his member with the glistening entrance of his mate. He pushed in slowly, moaning at the feeling of slick and heat enveloping his aching cock. Harry released small whines of pleasure as shock waves of euphoria shot through him already. 

The alpha pressed in all the way and then collapsed down on top of his mate. He positioned his forearms on either side of Harry and pressed his lips to the slightly covered shoulder of his lover while pressing his cock into him. 

“Move, please, I need it,” Harry whispered, an excited anticipation building in his stomach. His mate did as he was told, pulling out an inch or two before he slammed back in. He didn’t dare move from his position to be able to pull all the way and then entire back in, but Harry didn’t seem to mind the position that they were currently in. 

He pressed his head back against the pillow every time he was fucked into, moans falling from his kiss bruised lips as Dean sucked hickies onto his neck. 

“I’m going to cum, I’m going to cum,” Harry chanted after almost twenty minutes of the mind-numbing sensations thrilling throughout his entire body. His alpha mate pressed their lips together as his hips stuttered to a stop and his cock twitched in the condom until he was orgasming deep into his beta. Harry arched his back as much as he could, his entire body going rigid before he melted down into the silky sheets of the bed while coming down from his orgasmic high.

“That was so amazing,” Dean whispered, pressing their foreheads together as he tried to catch his breath. Harry nodded wordlessly as he pressed a couple of gentle kisses to his new mate’s lips. They sat like that together before they had both regained some strength. Harry wiggled off of the bed and shed the lingerie he had been dressed in, throwing it down onto the ground where Dean had thrown his clothing. The aforementioned alpha removed the condom and tied it into a knot before tossing it into the trash. 

They went to the bathroom and cleaned themselves off before taking up residence in the bed to recharge as much as they could before facing the rest of the world.



NOTE: This is the second part of the previous one-shot: From Alpha to Beta to Dean's. You do not need to read the other one before this, but it is a good idea to get a better idea of context. The request above has been modified and changed (with consent from the requester) so that it does not break any of the guidelines.

WARNINGS: Role-play containing: kidnapping, rape, forced breeding, and non-con, overstimulation, and sexually explicit scenarios


Harry’s eyes shot open suddenly as he woke up from the medically induced sleep that he had consented to. He knew that they were doing a scene and that he had the final say in what happened because he knew the safeword, but that didn’t stop him from being terrified out of his mind. Things were vaguely blurry since they had decided that it would be better for Harry to not have his glasses, but the room he was in was so dark that he could barely see anything anyway. 

He strained to sit up but found that his arms were tied above his head to the posts of the bare bed and his legs were tied to the posts at the bottom of the bed.

“So my little captive finally decided that he wanted to wake up,” Dean murmured as he walked slowly over to the bed where his lover was contained.

“Wh-who are you?” Harry asked, his voice stuttering with fear as he blurted out the lines that they had discussed. 

“You don’t need to know that. All you need to know is that you belong to me,” he whispered as he leaned down next to the beta and whispered the words into his ear. 

“Belong to you?” he repeated.

“Yes, belong to me,” Dean grabbed his jaw and yanked his face to look at the alpha. “You are mine to use as I please. If I want to fuck, you’ll be there with your pretty little legs open. If I want children, then you’ll carry them in this perfect little womb of yours.”

Harry didn’t say anything, a tear leaking down his face and onto his cheek from the pain caused by the sudden turning of his head and the hold that the alpha had on his jaw. Dean released him and then walked over to the base of the bed. “Listen here, little pet,” he whispered as his hand trailed up and down his thigh. “I’m going to untie these beautiful legs of yours and then fuck you until my seed fills up that womb and there’s no doubt about if it’ll take or not.”

“Yessir,” Harry whispered, the words almost dying on his lips. 

“You call my master or daddy, none of that sir shit,” Dean said as he crawled onto the bed in between Harry’s bonds. He turned to the left side and gave a sharp tug to one of the knots, undoing it and releasing the beta’s leg. He turned to the other side and did the same.

As soon as Harry had any mobility he pulled his legs up to his naked chest as he wiggled back onto the bed so that he was closer to his arms.

Dean tsked and crawled onto the bed to try and get closer to Harry. He tugged on one of the betas legs to bring it closer to him before he growled darkly and made the smaller of the two obey. It wasn’t an alpha Command as those were specifically off-limits for their scenes. He positioned himself in between the beta’s legs and stroked his massive member a couple of times. “Do you want to know what I do to my pets when they don’t behave?” he asked as he positioned himself at the entrance to his beta’s cunt. 

“No, Daddy,” Harry said, the nickname falling from his lips easily as he became limp and ready to be fucked. Dean smirked and pressed into him with one swift thrust in. He let out a low moan to echo the louder one that escaped from his pet. His hands grasped the hips of the beta below him as he began to thrust in and out of him as quickly as he could. Harry let out moans that could have been mistaken for screams as pleasure and pain mingled together from his cunt throughout the rest of his body. 

“Daddy, I’m going to cum, please let me cum,” Harry whispered as he felt the tell-tale sign of his orgasm rapidly approaching.

“Cum,” was all that Dean could get out as he kept pounding into the beta below him. He paused when he was buried to the hilt and cummed deep into his cunt, unleashing as much of his cum as he could. Harry whined loud and long as he orgasmed, clenching down around the huge member inside of him. 

Dean reached up and undid the ties that kept his pet tied to the bed, using the momentary euphoric stupidity to flip the beta over. He pressed Harry’s face down into the mattress by raising his hips into the air. He grabbed the beta’s wrists and pinned them to his back as he started thrusting widely into him again.

“Merline, you’re so fucking dirty. I can’t believe that you cummed on my cock at the idea of being bred by someone you barely know. You’re just as much of a fucking cock slut as I thought you would be,” he muttered to the beta as he slammed into him at a near inhuman pace.

“Just for you, Daddy, only for you,” Harry whined out as pleasure built up in him again. He felt the need to cum build up inside of his cunt again as the overstimulation of his lips and inner walls caused his entire body to feel like it was on fire. 

“You’re going to be so fucking huge with my pups and I bet you’ll keep begging for my cock even then,” he growled as he kept thrusting and thrusting and then paused as another load exploded out of him and into the beta.

“Daddy!” Harry screamed as his legs collapsed and he fell onto the bed while shivering in his orgasm.

“I’m not done yet, pet,” Dean whispered as he brought Harry over to the edge of the bed. The beta’s legs dangled off of the edge of the bed and his breasts stung with the rub from the sheets as he was tugged this way and that. The alpha pulled his cock out of his lover and dragged his finger over the overstimulated lips to watch the pearlescent cum leak out of him for just a moment. He raised the other’s hips just a bit and then pressed back into him. 

He fucked his lover a little sweeter this time, dragging out their orgasms so that his last load would be all the more full. He thrust in and then dragged his cock out as slowly as he could with the massive amount of overstimulated pleasure that was racing throughout his entire system. 

“Daddy, wanna have your pups,” Harry mumbled as he felt his orgasm building up in the deep recesses of his cunt. “Wanna be fat and full of your cum and pups as long as you want it.”

“You will be, pet,” Dean whispered as he sucked a few hickies onto the pale skin. When he reached the scent gland he bit down on the pre-existing mark, which did little more than resolidify their mate-status. Harry mewled as his third orgasm washed over him. Dean grunted as another round of cum shot out of him and into his mate, emptying his balls so that there was no more cum.

They stayed like that for some time before Dean slowly slid out of his mate. He sat down on the bed and pulled the beta close to him, his hands traveling over his back in soothing circles. “Breathe, Harry,” he whispered as he slowly picked his mate up and walked them to the bathroom. 

Harry nodded and took in shakey breathes, his shoulders shivering with the after-effects of the repeated orgasms. “Do you want a bath or just clean up?” Dean asked softly, his voice quiet and soothing.

“Bath,” he replied, his voice breaking in the middle due to the strain it had been experiencing during the scene. Dean nodded and quickly turned on the water, using his wand to make the water the perfect temperature as he lowered his beta into it. 

He grabbed the soap and lathered his hands, using the soap as an excuse to massage some of the tenser muscles that came from being tied up as Harry had been. He made a mental note to do it again with some of his homemade muscle relaxers once the bath was over. “You did so well, I’m so proud of you,” he whispered as his hands carded through Harry’s hair to try and get shampoo over all of the locks. He grabbed a plastic cup and filled it with some of the warm water to rinse it out once he had finished, using his other hand to make sure nothing got in his eyes. 

“I love you,” he murmured as he lifted Harry out of the bath and sat him on the edge of the tub. He grabbed one of their fluffy towels and gently rubbed the water droplets off of his slightly irritated skin.

“I love you,” Harry mumbled back with a yawn. 

“Do you want clothes or do you still feel too overstimulated?” he asked as he finished toweling off the beta’s wild black locks.

“Can I have my blue pajamas?” he asked hopefully, rubbing his stomach that was slightly distended due to the amount of cum contained in it. 

“Of course,” Dean flicked his wand and got the clothes to appear on the counter. He slid the underwear onto his mate securely and then helped him into the pants before he pulled the shirt on one arm at a time and buttoned it up. “I’m going to take you up to bed and then get you something to eat and some water.”

“You’re the best alpha ever,” Harry grinned as he wrapped his arms and legs around Dean to help the alpha hold him.

“I am not. Any dom that doesn’t take care of their sub after that intense of a scene is a horrible person,” he replied simply as he slowly walked his mate out of their basement. The walk from the basement to the master bedroom was a quick one, thankfully. Dean placed the beta down on their bed and kissed his lips sweetly before he left.

“Can I have a grilled cheese?” Harry called hopefully.

“Of course!” Dean chirped back. He busied himself in the kitchen, pulling the ingredients out of the fridge and heating the pan on the stove. He buttered two pieces of bread and cut the block of cheese so that it was in appropriately thin pieces. He placed the cheese in between the buttered bread with the buttered slices on the outside. While each slice was browning and the cheese melting, he got Harry’s favorite water bottle out of the cupboard and filled it with room temperature water and ice cubes. The ice cubes would cool the water a little bit but not so much that it would hurt his mate to drink it quickly. He served each sandwich onto a paper plate and cut up an apple for each of them. He tucked the water bottle underneath his arm and picked up one plate with one hand.

“Hey,” Harry yawned as he sat up on the bed with a blanket tightly tucked around him.

“Hey yourself,” Dean chuckled as he handed him a plate and placed the water bottle on the end table.

“Thank you,” he chirped excitedly as he picked up the sandwich and bit into it happily. The alpha just chuckled as he walked over to the other side of the bed and sat down. He ate his food in silence, glancing over to his beta every now and again to make sure that he was okay. When Harry finished, he sipped at his water and leaned over onto his mate, tucking his face into Dean’s neck to get his scent. 

Dean set his meal to the side and gathered Harry in his arms, bringing him even closer while releasing his guttural purr. “Was the scene good for you? I know that I went a little harder than discussed.”

“It was awesome. This is just what I wanted, all those years ago. I never want to be the one that made all the decisions or ruled the relationship. I like the idea of being your broodmare,” he chuckled with a small blush.

“Well, knowing how much I cummed in you, you probably will be,” Dean laughed back as he pressed a kiss to the beta’s nose. “We both want big families, and with your inheritance and the amount of money I make we should be fine to provide for them.”

“Dean, you don’t have to persuade me to have kids, we already talked about having children,” Harry laughed as he grabbed his mate’s hand and kissed the back of it.

“I know, I think I’m just reassuring myself that it will be fine,” he admitted. 

“We’ve been through the Second Magical War and beaten impossible odds, I think we’ll find a way to be parents,” he shrugged simply. He let out a large yawn and cuddled even closer to his mate, his eyes slowly drooping shut.

“Get some sleep, love,” Dean cooed as he moved them further onto the bed and began to pet his hair. Harry made a happy mewl and rubbed their necks together to scent his alpha before he drifted to sleep.




Rain trickled to the ground from the large, menacingly clouds that had been stuffed into every inch of the visible sky since the dawn had broken that morning. It hovered on the blades of grass that covered the bottom half of the Quidditch Pitch, slowly seeping down into the earth and turning the upper inches of dirt into slippery, sticky mud. Thunder rumbled from somewhere in the distance, but the magical dome above kept the lightning from striking any of the players.

Ron scowled at it, the translucent bubble fading in and out as he did so. Despite the fact that that weather emulated exactly the kind of dismal turmoil that had been swirling inside of him for some time now, the one thing that might have been a good thing about this storm was now an impossible fantasy. 

He undid the fastened buckle underneath his head that kept the helmet tightly over his bright red hair. Perhaps, if he was careless, then he would get hurt and something would finally help him feel something. He grabbed his broom, which refused to come to his hand as if the object could feel his sour intentions. 

The rest of the team walked out of the changing rooms around him, laughing and joking with each other. They laughed about the storm and what had happened to the Hufflepuff player that had to help the teachers place up the barrier. Ron barely listened to them, the mantra his mind had created repeated over and over again in his hand

You’re worthless. You’re not good at anything, and that’s why they left you. You’re not good at spells, or problem solving, or being a good boyfriend. They don’t pay any attention to you because you’re horrible.

He shuddered and looked away from his fellow players as he wiped a few tears off of his face with the back of his thick pair of gloves. 

When they got onto the field, they all easily fell into their starting positions as the game began. Ron swung his leg over his broom as he held it firmly with both hands and then drifted up into the air. The omega floated a few yards away from the goalposts that he was supposed to be keeping and half-heartedly fulfilled his job. He stared dully ahead at the rest of the game as it commenced. He could see his boyfriend speeding through the electrified air after the snitch, their other boyfriend hot on his tails. 

It had amused him to no end when they had all gotten together and he had finally realized what their Quidditch matches would turn into. A spark of that same joy attempted to reignite the flame of happiness inside of him but was snuffed out by the overwhelming depression that hung over him like the world’s worst invisibility cloak. 

Unfortunately, or fortunately, in his opinion, his musings led to him not paying attention. He had his head turned the wrong way and his ears tuned out of the calls and warning being flung at him. He felt something very large and round hit him in the back of the head, smashing just where his neck met his skull. 

He bent forward on his broom, his eyesight tunneling down to total blackness. He felt nausea swirl in his stomach, bile rising just far enough into his throat that he gagged before it settled again. Ron could feel his forehead pressing to the tip of his broom, just underneath his clenched hands. He had wrapped his ankles around each other enough that he would be caught if he fell, but apparently he had managed to stay on the broom. His vision returned in steps, first tunneling the other way before the blurriness faded and he was left with the muggy world he had grown to loath. 

“Weasley?” a member of his team called. It wasn’t Harry. He didn’t care.

“Fine, I’m fine,” he lied through his teeth as he forced his normal smile onto his face. He found that at the beginning of his sixth year, that was all he could manage. That light inside of him was snuffed out, and with it, he could find no need to actually be happy. 

“You sure? That was a really hard hit,” someone else said, prickles of concern ringing through their tone. 

“Really,” he nodded quickly. The team gave him knowing looks and then restarted the game. This time, he made sure to pay more attention to what was coming at him so that he could avoid drawing the attention of everyone else. 

When things finally wrapped up, he dropped to the ground like the rest of his team. He had to shove the bristles of his broom into the ground and steady himself with the oak handle as dizziness overcame him. He swallowed harshly, shoving down the bile that rose up once more. He stumbled to the changing room and managed to remove his uniform and put on his school clothes. The world swirled and moved around him, like he was trapped in a sort of kaleidoscope. 

The rest of the team joked with each other, knocking shoulders and talking about the great victory that they got. No one seemed to realize he was there, which wasn’t the worst thing at the moment. In all honesty, Ron wanted to ignore himself as well. 

He stumbled out of the changing room quickly and rushed off to the huge weeping willow tree on the edge of the lake. The clouds began to pour, chilling droplets racing through the sky to get down onto him. Soon, his clothes were soaked and the droplets of ice water soaked through him to his bones, giving him a permanent chill. He collapsed onto the damp grass and mud underneath the tree.

Warm tears joined the frigid rain that clung to his flushed cheeks, and he couldn’t stop the hiccuping sob that burst from his chest. He brought his knees to his chest and laid his aching head on top of them, allowing his physical and emotional pain to spill out of him. His heart throbbed desperately in his chest as his lungs screamed for the air that they were being deprived. He sobbed louder and louder, the thunder above him drowning out the sounds.

“Ron?” an overly familiar voice asked from a few yards away a while later. The omega looked up and nearly choked on his tears as he saw that both of his boyfriends were standing underneath a magic umbrella that had been procured from Draco’s wand.

“Wh-what are you doing here?” he asked, quickly wiping at his face despite the fact that his entire body was soaked and they most likely wouldn’t be able to tell the difference between the tears and the rain.

“We came looking for you,” Draco replied simply as he quickly hurried forward to get to the omega. “We didn’t see you after the match for our tradition and got worried.”

“I didn’t think that you’d notice,” he mumbled. He looked back up at the alpha and saw a pale hand extended out to him. Ron nervously took it and allowed the alpha to help pull him up off the muddy ground.

“Of course we would notice,” Draco tutted.

“Ron, you’re our omega. I know things have been a little tense recently, but we still love you,” Harry whispered as he took the omega’s other hand and held it in his. 

“I don’t feel like your omega,” he sobbed, another round of tears breaking the dam in his eyes and rushing down his cheeks.

“Why don’t we take this conversation inside. I want you to go to the hospital wing,” Draco mumbled after a moment of silence from both alphas. 

“I’m not hurt,” he whispered, pulling away from them slightly. The voice in the back of his consciousness piped back up, telling him that the alphas didn’t care about him and were just doing their normal responsibility. 

“That’s a lie,” Harry laughed. “Come on, Ron. I’ve known since we were eleven. I’ve learned to know when you’re lying.”

“You hit your head quite hard during the match. You were groaning on your broom for almost thirty seconds,” Draco murmured. He threaded their fingers together just as Harry did the same thing. The alphas turned the omega around and walked him to the castle, releasing their protective scents as they did so. 

“No one cares about me,” he mumbled, the words spilling from his lips before he had the chance to stop them.

“Who told you that?” Draco immediately snapped as he turned around to face his courting partner. “Tell me. I have someone I need to go eviscerate.”

“I told me that,” Ron replied dumbly.

“Omega, why would you think that?” Harry asked, rubbing his thumb on his hand.

“You and Draco never talk to me anymore. I’m just there while you two are on dates,” he shrugged and removed his hands from their hold. He wrapped his arms around him in a pathetic attempt to comfort the aching hurt that roared deep inside of him.

“We never meant to make you feel like that,” Draco immediately replied. The wand dropped from where he had been holding it, and soon they were all drenched in the downpour. 

“If you needed an omega to make it look like you’re not together then you should have picked someone else. I didn’t need you to play with my feelings like this,” he whispered. His gaze drifted down to the ground as he began to let out whimpers and soft sobs.

“We would never use you like that,” the taller alpha hissed. “I know that up until last year the two of you thought that I was nothing more than a deceitful bastard, but I have some decency.”

“Omega, we’ve just been trying to figure out how to get Draco out of the promise he made Voldemort,” Harry whispered. “You should have told us sooner and we would have done something!”

“I couldn’t tell you! You stopped talking to me and spent more time with my little sister than you did me,” he spat. He pushed past the alphas and kept walking toward the school. They quickly and easily caught up with him, apologies and assurances spilling from them like a waterfall.

“We really, really love you,” Harry blurted as he grabbed both of Ron’s hands and moved to stand in front of the omega. “Please let us make it up to you.”

“Okay,” he nodded, his voice breaking with vulnerability. Draco took his arm and threaded their fingers together again as he led the omega into the castle. The group remained quiet as they reached the hospital wing, none of them willing to break the silence in fear that they might shatter the shards of their relationship. 

“I was wondering when you were going to pay me a visit. I saw what happened during the game,” Madame Pomfrey said as she hurried over to them. She pulled her wand from the large pockets of his apron and cast a quick drying charm on them, causing the moisture that clung to their skin through the dripping fabric to vanish. She reached out and gently steered the omega to a bed that wasn’t being occupied by another student.  

The alphas hovered nearby as the healer dosed their courting partner with all kinds of potions to try and ease the pain and increase the healing. When she left, they rushed over to the injured redhead as quickly as they could.

Ron smiled for the first time in a long, long time as Draco nuzzled into his neck and Harry dotted kisses all over his freckled face. “I’m glad you’re okay, omega,” Harry whispered as he paused and then lightly kissed his lips.

“I’m just glad that you actually want me,” he giggled softly. “I was worried for a while there.”

“I’m so sorry that we made you feel like that. I know more than anyone what it’s like to feel unwanted, and I shouldn’t have pushed that feeling onto you, even if it was unintentional,” Draco rambled as a nervous coconut smell filled their little bubble.

“You listened to me, and that’s what matters,” Ron said firmly as he reached over and held his hand soundly. “Thank you.”



NOTE: This one-shot does not adhere to the updates rules (May 2020) because I just recently changed them. Any fics beyond this point will not include cheating without repercussions if they have cheating at all. I will not bend on that rule and the only reason that I have this one is because it didn't feel right to turn down a prompt that wasn't breaking any rules at the time.

WARNINGS: Cheating, sexual scenarios, and wide age gap

Ginny giggled as she watched her bridesmaids down shot after shot of the muggle alcohol that was being served to them. She grabbed a beer off of the counter just as the bartender made a move to hand it to Hermione. The younger girl down about half of it in one go, making the girls around her cheer drunkenly. “I need to go get some air,” she whispered when she put the glass down. She had grown up in a pureblooded family, and hadn’t been the most responsible teenager, so she knew how to handle her liquor a lot more than they did. 

The redhead turned and pushed passed the drunken, moving bodies that crowded the bar in her desperation to get out. Fear clung to every pore of her being as her mind constantly reminded her of what this celebration was for. She would be married tomorrow, to someone that didn’t have her entire heart. Guilt ached deep inside of her as she thought about it over and over again. 

“He deserves better,” she murmured as she walked out of the bar and down the alley next to it. She collapsed back against the brick wall, sliding down to the muddy earth and gravel below.

“So do a lot of people. Thinking that they deserve better does not give them better,” a familiar voice said. 

Ginny snapped her head up and met the eyes of the woman that just spoke. “Professor McGonagall,” she murmured as she got up off the ground. 

“Yes?” she asked, one of her perfect eyebrows arching. 

“I-I just wasn’t expecting you to be here,” she stuttered out. Her face flushed a brighter red than her hair as she continued to embarrass herself. 

The headmistress smirked and reached into the bag hanging from her shoulder. She pulled out a cigarette package and her wand. She placed the magical tool underneath her arm and then hit the packet of cigarettes against her hand twice and then pulled out one before she returned the rest to the purse. She placed the tobacco roll in between her  lips and then lit it with her wand.

Ginny swallowed, averting her eyes to watch the orange glow illuminate the alley for a moment as her old teacher took a drag from the cigarette. 

“Tell me who deserves better,” she said after a moment, ashing the burned paper onto the street below them.

“Harry,” she forced out. She chose to stare at the older woman’s feet, as a way of calming the swarm of butterflies that had taken hold of her stomach. It had been so long, almost four years, and yet she was still head over heels for someone that was so far out of her reach. 

“How does he deserve better than you?” Minerva pried. 

“Professor,” Ginny began as panic surged quickly through her veins.

“Please, call me Minerva. Here, we are equals,” the old witch chuckled, the wrinkles in her papery skin pulling with the smile. 

“I-I don’t think that I should tell anyone,” she worried her lip in between her teeth and tucked a stray strand of her hair back behind her ear.

“I’m not just anyone,” Minerva replied quickly as she walked forward so that she was closer to the younger witch. Her nimble fingers caught her chin, forcing her gaze to drift upward without hurting the smaller woman.

“I’m in love with someone else,” Ginny blurted, her heart threatening to burst from her ribcage as nerves stung to life. 

“How long have you been in love with this person?” Minerva asked, her hand falling away from the younger woman’s face to pry the cigarette from her lips and ash it again.

“Since my seventh year.” 

“And how long have you been in love with Mr. Potter?” she asked, taking another strong drag.

“Since I was twelve,” she admitted, the fierce blush returning back with a vengeance. 

“Then how do you think that you can get this other person out of your head?” She flicked the cigarette down onto the ground and stubbed it out with her foot, smearing the ash across the gravel. 

“Something that she would never let me do,” Ginny replied quickly. The alcohol in her system was really hitting now, and her filter was slipping away from her grasp.

“What?” Minerva pressed, moving closer to the younger woman. 

“One night with her, sexually,” Ginny replied as she turned to face her old professor. The words fell from her mouth just as lips pressed firmly against her own. Her back hit the brick wall behind her and her hands were quickly pinned with oddly strong hands above her head. Another hand traveled down her body, moving from her hips up her abdomen and then gently brushing over her breasts.

“H-How did you know?” she asked, breathless as they finally separated from each other. 

“You’re about as subtle as a schoolgirl can be,” she replied with a small laugh. “Now, did you mean that you said?”

“Yes,” Ginny replied immediately, nodding her head. “I can’t get you out of my head. I’m getting married tomorrow and you’re the only reason I feel hesitant to do so.”

“Then let’s get me out of your head,” Minerva responded firmly. She released her hold on the younger witch and then began to walk out of the alley. Ginny stood there for a moment, her alcohol addled brain desperately trying to comprehend the situation that she had stumbled into. 

“Are you coming?” 

“Y-yes,” she blushed again and hurried to catch up with the older witch. They traveled in silence, moving through the crowds of lower London on a packed Saturday night. Ginny followed the second love of her life into the nearest inn that they found and then stood respectfully at her side as they paid for a room. 

“I can pay you for the second half of the room,” she murmured as they traveled through the empty halls of the inn.  

“Nonsense. Consider it an early wedding gift from me,” Minerva replied as she stuck the key into the lock and turned, opening the door to them.

It was dark, but Ginny could make out a single bed in the middle of a grubby, worn carpet. The sheets were old and stained, but the blankets on top were at least somewhat competent at covering it up. She glanced to the side and saw a bathroom that looked like someone might have been murdered in it. 

“Not the best room, but I thought that it was better for us to hurry before any cold feet develop,” the older witch sat gracefully on the bed and pulled off the leather jacket that had once hidden her still voluptuous figure. 

“I don’t think I could get cold feet if someone dumped me in ice water,” she replied as she shed her own jacket onto the matted carpet. Her shirt came next, and then her pants. 

“Someone is certainly eager,” Minerva tutted as she worked on the lacing of her dress behind her back. Her nimble fingers tugged at the ribbon, loop by loop to remove the only thing holding her dress up.

“I’ve been fantasizing about something like this since I first fell for you in seventh year,” she admitted as she moved over to the bed. The cloth that made the blanket itched on the back of her bare thighs. 

“Did you think about it in class?” Minerva raised an eyebrow as she finished with her lacings. She stood up from the bed and dropped her hands, allowing the flowing emerald material to slip off of her body and down onto the carpet.

“Maybe,” she admitted, glancing over the beautiful body in front of her. Despite her age, Minerva still looked young enough to be in her forties. 

“You’re a naughty girl,” the older witch chuckled as she advanced on Ginny, moving as fluid as water and with the poise and grace of royalty. 

The redhead didn’t reply, just surging forward to connect their lips in another heated kiss. Minerva’s hands traveled over her body again, pausing when they reached behind her. “Just press it together, like this,” Ginny murmured as she reached behind her and unhooked her bra. 

“Muggle clothing was so much more difficult to figure out,” she tutted as her hands resumed their mission to touch every part of her body. She let out a small mewl, the wetness growing in between her legs unlike her betrothed ever managed to summon. The woman above her grabs her leg, bringing her panties down to around her ankle before dropping them down onto the pile of clothes on the ground. 

“You’re certainly eager,” Minerva almost chides as her worn fingers drifted down her abdomen and past the bush of untamable pubic hair. Ginny’s answer was cut off by her own lewd moan as the digits slipped over her clit and down into the sopping wet walls of her cunt. “I think that you might be too eager.”

“If you keep touching me like that I’m going to cum in no time,” she panted, shaking slightly. 

“I’ll keep going then,” Minerva smiled as her fingers dipped further inside of the younger of the two. The phalanges swirled around the entrance to her vagina, drawing out an excited moan. Ginny arched her back as pleasure shook through her, stemming from the fingers inside of her and the wrist pressed hard against her clit.

She let out gasping breaths, the air never quite reaching her lungs as she screwed her eyes shut in pleasure. Every muscle in her body tightens up as the moans become closer and closer together. She teeters on the edge for a moment before the orgasm washes over her, lighting her nerves of fire with unimaginable pleasure. She turned into a human puddle on the uncomfortable covers of the bed below her, the orgasm high still sending shivers of pleasure throughout her body.

“Beautiful,” Minerva whispered into her ear. She sat down on the bed next to her and dove her fingers into her eager cunt, ignoring the fact that Ginny’s slick was still coating her fingers.

The younger witch got off the bed, returning her panties and bra back to her body as she eagerly watched her old professor fuck herself. The older witch shuddered with pleasure and removed her fingers from her own cunt as she finished orgasming.

They both dressed themselves and cleaned up with magic, neither willing to talk about what just happened. Ginny ducked out of the room and stayed just long enough to watch as the other woman checked out of the hotel before bolting into the street.

Harry really did deserve better.




A gentle hum floating through the air, mixing with the sound of the pedestrians and traffic whirling past the small home. The light was dying with the sun as it went down, but with a quick flick of his wand the artificial lights sprang to life. Draco traveled around the house, turning down the blinds so that the nosey neighbors would stop their peeping. He understood why they did it, of course, since he and Hermione were definitely an odd couple, but that didn’t mean he enjoyed it. 

His eyes drifted over the apartment, taking in the flat that he was so lucky to have gotten with his mate. Around the door was a small square of tile that functioned as a mudroom, next to the hall closet that contained shoes and coats. 

Hardwood carried through the rest of the home, minus the kitchen and bathrooms. The couch in the living room separated the open living space, just as the island did for the kitchen. They had a rug thrown under the two chairs and couch in the living room with a huge TV pressed against the far corner to allow for both it and the window to co-exist. On the rug, their three-year-old sat with her toys around her and the playpen walls to keep her inside and safe. 

The kitchen had tasteful quartz countertops and dark cupboard, which Draco had specifically requested during their house hunt since it made them easier to clean. The appliances were only a few years out of date, but worked like a charm thanks to the delicate care that the omega gave them. The island was more like an attachment to the rest of the counters, since it wasn’t off by itself, but it worked as a nice divider between the rooms anyway.

In between the kitchen and the living room space was the overly large table that Draco’s parents had given him and Hermione for a late wedding gift. The black and silver polishes reminded him dearly of the home that he had loved and yet so willingly run from.

The omega released a worried whine as he glanced at the clock on the stove. They were late. 

Despite the panic that created a lump in his throat, he quickly set to making their dinner. He cut the chicken, covered it in flour and let it cook while dividing his attention between the vegetables and the meat. He got the rice cooker down and spent a good five minutes reading over the instructions so that he could operate the muggle technology correctly. He washed the rice until the water was clear and then set it to cook with the additional water it needed. He combined the veggies and browned meat with the curry Hermione bought the last time she went to the store for him.

As he opened the bottle, he gagged slightly and dumped it into the pan before he could smell any more of it. Draco quickly covered the pan with the lid and let the bile slide back down his throat. “I hope that it’s just me and that’s not bad,” he mumbled to himself as he covered his nose and removed the lid. He stirred things around and then let it be for the time being. 

“We’re home!” Hermione called as she opened the door and let herself into their quaint home. 

“Mommy!” Scorpius shrieked as he barreled through the house to reach his mother. Little arms wrapped tightly around his legs and giggles spilled out the toddler’s mouth. 

“Hey there,” Draco chuckled as he leaned down and picked the five-year-old up. 

“Draco!” Hermione immediately chided as she took off her shoes and rushed to the kitchen. The omega acted before she reached him and placed their eldest son down onto the counter. 

“Welcome home, alpha,” he replied with a shy smile.

“You’re not supposed to be lifting things. I gave you a pass with Rosie, since she’s not quite old enough to be walking up those stairs easily, but still,” Hermione rambled worriedly. 

“Daddy?” the toddler chirped from the living room as she stood up and toddled to the edge of her baby gate.

“Hi precious,” the alpha cooed as she swept through their home and picked up the young beta, settling her easily on her hip. 

“Why can’t Mommy pick me up?” Scorpius whined, tears pricking in his bright blue eyes.

“Sweetheart,” Draco cooed, releasing some of his coconut scent, which was now laced with milk, and gently rubbing his son’s cheek. “It’s not because I don’t love you, but I might hurt myself. You remember what we talked with you about a few nights ago?”

“Oh yeah! The baby!” he chirped. His face split into a grin as he leaned down and pressed one of his small hands to the omega’s stomach. “Baby brother’s gonna be safe cause I won’t make Mommy pick me up!”

“You’re so sweet, little one,” Draco murmured as he kissed the top of his angelically soft head. The sound of the rice cooker flipping to warm behind him reminded him about dinner, “Do you think you can get down by yourself, love?” he asked.

“I can!” he nodded, sticky child hands moving to shove the older omega to the side as he slid slowly off the counter. A little tongue poked out of his mouth as his shirt pulled up and exposed his stomach and chest as he clung to the edges of the countertop and reached for the ground with his short legs. When he finally dropped to the ground he whimpered and rubbed his back where he had knocked into the drawer handles. 

“You okay, baby?” Draco asked, squatting down in front of his son with a worried look.

“Yes, Mommy! We’re havin’ Gramma’s curry, right?” he asked excitedly. 

“That we are,” he chuckled with a nod. “Let’s go to the bathroom and wash your hands. Hermione, I can take her so you can change for dinner,” Draco smiled as he saw his alpha snuggling their beta daughter.

“Are you sure? I don’t want you overexerting yourself,” she said worriedly. She set the toddler down anyway and gave Rose a wistful look as she toddled toward her older brother.

“Hermione,” Draco whispered. He took a few steps and closed the distance between them, keeping an eye on their children while focusing his attention on his wife. “The only reason I miscarried back when we were first together is because I was under all the pressure from my parents to bond and get married. It was also right after something that changed my entire life.”

“I know, I know,” she whispered, nuzzling against his scent gland to soothe herself. Brown sugar joined the coconut and milk scent of his own, as well as the spun sugar of their son and the rose, ironically, of their youngest. “And by all the rules of nature you should be the one that’s more worried about the pregnancy, since you’re the omega, but I’m more worried,” she laughed.

“Oh no, I’m terrified. Every time I get pregnant I am, but each time I start to worry I remember how amazing it was to meet our little ones. The memory of Scorpius being put on my chest after eighteen hours of labor is enough to make me want another pup,” he laughed.

“The labor is?” she joked, her brown eyes sparkling with love and adoration. 

“Obviously not,” he snorted and shook his head slightly. He kissed her lips gently and then pulled away from her. He took one hand from each of his children and brought them into the bathroom. He placed Rose on the closed toilet seat as he watched Scorpius move his stool in front of the sink from where it was resting in the corner and turn the water on. He sang the little song with his son and helped him get enough soap and keep it on his hands.

“Go and sit at the table, I’ll bring you food soon,” Draco chuckled as the excitement from earlier resurged in the form of nearly incoherent rambles. He helped Rose off of her seat and then up onto the stool. He grabbed her little hands and pulled them under the water and soaped them up. She sang her version of the song, garbled and strange, but cute nonetheless. He rinsed off her hands and then toweled them off the best he could with a wiggling toddler.

He walked her out to the dining room, placing her in her high chair before he went to get food for both of his children. He scooped rice into both of the bowls and then got one of the large spoons from the drawer, using it to spoon the curry on top of it. He grabbed a spoon and fork, both child-safe, and brought them to Scorpius and Rose. “It’s hot, be careful,” he warned. The smell of the curry cooked didn’t make his stomach roll as badly, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to eat it. 

He pulled the lunch meat out of the fridge and placed it on the counter, along with the loaf of bread before he began to search for the rest of the ingredients he needed.

“Morning sickness?” Hermione asked as she walked into the kitchen a moment later.

“Unfortunately, the curry makes me feel sick just smelling it,” he nodded with a small pout.

“Well I’m glad that you’re still eating something. I’ll make it for you,” she grinned as she walked behind him and began to rub his hip lovingly. 

“Thank you,” he cooed, turning around to kiss her. He had long since learned not to argue with the alpha when she decided that she wanted to pamper her lover, which happened all the more often when he was expecting.

“Want Chee-o’s!” Rose shrieked, making grabby hands and wiggling around in her high-chair. 

“You can have some Cheerios once you finish that bowl of food, little girl,” he teased as he leaned down and kissed her cheek.

“No!” she huffed, kicking her legs angrily.

“Rose,” Hermione called from the kitchen. Her voice held just the slightest bit of a growl, not enough to scare the children but enough to tell them now was not the time for antics.

“It’s good, Rosie,” Scorpius said as he ate another forkful. “See?” The toddler wrinkled her nose and made a noise before she grabbed her spoon in her little fist and began to eat it slowly. 

Draco smiled adoringly at his children as he sat down and watched his wife work in the kitchen. She brought the plate over after getting her own meal and sat across from her. “You’re so sweet,” he trilled happily as he saw that she had also cut up one of the pears he bought the other day on top of making the sandwich. 

“Well, you do so much around here and you’re pregnant. I feel like you deserve to be treated sweetly,” she flushed as she mixed the curry into the rice.

“Well I appreciate it, alpha,” he grabbed her hand across the table and squeezed it gently. 

“Have you finished your homework?” he asked Scorpius after a moment.

“Yeah. Daddy helped me do the reading,” he nodded, giving his mother a toothy smile.

When they finished eating, Draco got up and got a wet rag to clean the face of their toddler. Hermione gently took it from his hands and kissed his forehead, “I’ll handle her tonight if you’ll help Scorpius bathe,” she explained.

“Careful, she’s kind of cranky today,” he chuckled as he kissed her back. He put the food away in the kitchen and loaded the dishwasher before he returned back to his son. “Bathtime,” he chuckled as the little omega whined and slid off of his chair dramatically.

“Mommy! I don’t want to,” he complained as he folded his arms over his chest and turned away from his mother.

“Well you have to. You didn’t take one last night and you’ll start to get stinky if you don’t shower tonight,” Draco attempted to reason. Scorpius was having none of it and turned away, pouting further. “We can watch an episode of television if you come out from under there right now and go to the bathroom,” the older omega bargained.

The young child nearly exploded from under the table and rushed to the bathroom as quickly as he could. Draco chuckled and walked after him, closing the bathroom door a small bit. “Remember, you’re taking it by yourself now,” he hummed as he turned the water on and waited for it to heat up. 

Scorpius shed his clothing all over the bathroom before getting into the shower and shutting the door behind him. “It’s like a space pod on one of Daddy’s shows!” he giggled, something he said every time. 

The older omega laughed again as he picked the clothing up off the ground. He threw the pile into the hamper in the corner of the bathroom. He left just long enough to get some pajamas and a pull-up for his son and spent the rest of the shower sitting on the edge of the counter. 

“I’m done!” the young boy chirped as he opened the shower wall and walked out onto the bath mat. Draco grinned and grabbed a towel, wrapping it around the pup while placing the hood on his head. 

“I get the tiger today? Normally you give this one to Rosie!” Scorpius shrieked excitedly as he placed his hands into the little pockets at the tip and wrapped it around himself.

“You’ve been really good today, buddy,” Draco replied with a nonchalant shrug. He rubbed the towel over his son to dry him off, getting a couple giggles when he got up to the silvery hair. 

“I can put on my clothes by myself,” he said firmly as he handed his mother the towel and grabbed his pull-up.

When Scorpius had finished changing, he rushed out to the living room and nearly threw himself onto the couch. The older omega followed slowly after him, flicking the TV on with his wand before he sat in his favorite armchair. He got the kid’s channel on and placed his hand into the palm of his hand as he watched with mild disinterest. Hermione and Rose joined them mere moments later. Draco’s alpha reached over and held his hand in the space between the couch and chair as their children stared at the moving pictures on the TV.

“Alright bud, bedtime,” Draco said as the credits of the show rolled half an hour later. 

“Do I have to?” he pouted.

“Yes. You’re a growing little boy and you need your sleep,” he shook his head and stood up from the couch. Scorpius followed him up the stairs, his arms crossed and pouting heavily the entire time. Hermione picked Rose up off the floor and carried her up to the children’s room. The toddler had tuckered herself out with all of her paying throughout the day and was asleep with her thumb stuck in her mouth. 

Draco grabbed a pacifier and removed the thumb, replacing it with the malleable plastic tip. Hermione placed the tired girl into the crib so that her chest was pressed against the mattress. She pulled the velvety blanket over their daughter and then put the side of the crib back up and locked it with magic. 

“Mommy, can you sing me a lullaby?” Scorpius asked as he crawled into his bed. Draco flicked his wand and murmured a word, placing an orb of muted blue light in the air in between the kids as a nightlight. 

“Of course,” he nodded. He tugged the blankets further over his son and stroked his hair as he sung the familiar lullaby. 

Scorpius had already fallen asleep when he finished, which was a relief since he normally insisted one or both of his parents needed to stay until he fell asleep entirely. Draco stood from the edge of the bed and walked out into the hall where Hermione was standing and waiting for him. 

“You’re such a good mother to our pups,” she praised when the door to the children’s bedroom is shut. She moved forward and wrapped an arm around her omega’s waist while her other hand rubbed over his still-flat stomach.

“We’re going to need to move soon,” he mused, ignoring the compliment to resist getting flustered.

“I’ll start looking for a place. Come to bed?” she asked, already moving them down to their bedroom. He followed after, already exhausted and ready for a night of semi-disturbed sleep thanks to his recurrence of peculiar pregnancy dreams. 

They change into their pajamas in a comfortable silence, disposing of their day clothes into the hamper. Hermione got into bed first after brushing her hair and teeth. Draco clambered in after her and inserted his head underneath her chin. He purred slightly as he felt his alpha wrap her protective arms around his lithe body. 

“I love you,” she whispered as she kissed the top of his head.

“I love you more,” he grinned and looked up at her, catching her in a moment of fluster. He pressed his lips quickly to hers before nuzzling back into his favorite sleeping position.

“If you wanted a kiss you could have just asked,” Hermione snorted.

“It’s more fun that way,” the omega answered simply.

“Even after all this time, your still as Slytherin as they come.”

“You don’t seem to mind,” he smirked deviously. 

“No, I don’t. In fact, I’m glad that my children will have a mother that will look out for them with all the ambition that he looks out for himself,” she responded quickly.

“I don’t know how you didn’t end up in Ravenclaw, with a tongue and a mind like that,” he teased back as he moved again. 

“I’ll take that as a compliment, Draco,” she snorted.

The omega giggled and leaned forward a few inches, pressing their foreheads together. “I love you so much.” 

She smiled. She leaned up and kissed him, softly and sweetly like the first time that he admitted to loving her. “I love you more than I can ever say. You mean the world to me, Draco Granger.”




“Make sure that the window is shut tightly. It’s drafty tonight and I don’t want him catching anything,” Petunia lectured her lover as she scooped the six-month-old baby off of the floor where he had busied himself for the time being.

“It’s been shut since the end of August, love,” Remus soothed. He had had his own worries about parenting when they first found out Petunia was carrying her ex-boyfriend’s baby, but now that they had gotten into the swing of things he was by far the most comfortable.

“But what if it’s not?” she worried as she handed their son over to him and walked to the window. She undid the latch, opened it and then shut it again.

“Why are you so worried?” Sirius asked with a yawn. He stretched an arm above his head and then blew a raspberry on Dudley’s cherubic cheek, causing him to squeal and hide his face in Remus’ shirt. 

“I just have a bad feeling about tonight,” she murmured as she drifted back over to her lovers. “You ready for sleep, little one?” her worried expression melted into an adoring smile. She reached out and grabbed her son by the hips, bringing her close to him and grasping underneath his bum to support him. 

“I hope that those were the pajamas you were talking about,” Remus murmured as he cleared the few toys off of the rocking chair to help his partner sit down with their son. 

“They were. They should keep him nice and warm tonight, won’t they Dudy?” she cooed at the boy in her lap as she began to rock slowly. She shifted her son so that his legs were across her lap and he was leaning his head against her bosom. 

“Which book do you want tonight, Flower?” Sirius asked as he kneeled down in front of the bookshelf that is overflowing with children’s books- magical and muggle.

“You pick it out tonight,” she hummed, her long fingers slowly weaving through the downey locks of her son. For a moment as she waists, her mind drifts off to her sister and her partner’s best friend. They have a son that she’s only met once since they lived too far apart to be traveling with small children comfortably. 

She took the book when it was handed to her and opened it expertly with one hand. Her voice is soft and soothing as she reads the words, changing her tone slightly with each character. Soon Remus joins in with the voices and the reading, doing the male dog character that was traveling around to see which farm animal gave the best kisses. About halfway through the book Sirius placed a paci into Dudley’s open mouth. 

When the story was over she gently shut the book and reached above her to turn the reading lamp out. Remus did it for her and flicked the nightlight on with his wand. She stood up and placed her son down into his crib on his stomach. 

Petunia ran her hand over his head a few more times before she rubbed a circle on his back and then pulled the blankets over his sleeping form. The adults quickly and quietly left the room, closing the door behind them just enough to block out most of the light from the hall. 

“He went down rather easy tonight. I think we should have time to catch both episodes of that show you like, Sirius,” Remus chuckled as he wrapped his arm around their female partner and brought her in closer. 

“Yes!” he cheered, rushing away from them and down into their living room.

“He’s cute when excited,” Petunia laughed as she trailed after him. She glanced back at the nursery and furrowed her brows.

“I can nearly smell the worry on you. I promise that he’s safe, love,” Remus murmured. He placed a hand on her hip and turned her around to guide her down the rest of the hallway. 

“I can’t help it. Something just feels wrong,” she murmured as they continued down the stairs and into the living room. She sat on the couch, with one of her partners on either side of her. Sirius slung his arm over her shoulder and pulled her in for a quick kiss on the cheek. 

“You have two wizards here to help keep you safe. I know that things are bad in the wizarding world and everything, but we’re safe here,” he said distractedly as the majority of his focus was on the TV.

“Something just doesn’t feel right about tonight,” she worried. “Maybe I should phone Lily.”

“You know that you can’t do that,” Remus immediately said. “You can’t have any talk with them outside of letters that can be burnt. That’s the only way that we can keep them safe.”

“I don’t see how the Dark Lord of magic would find a way to track a muggle phone line,” she objected, crossing her arms over her chest as she turned to face him a bit more. 

“Petunia,” he groaned as he pinched the bridge of his nose. “We’ve talked about this…”

“No, I’ve talked about this. I haven’t seen my sister in nearly six months and I haven’t spent any time with her new baby. You two haven’t given me a sensible reason about why I can’t just go over and see them!” she shrieked as she threw her arms over her head in exasperation.

Before either of them had the time to explain or argue with her, the doorbell sounded. She huffed and pushed herself up from the couch to head to the door just out of the living room. She swung the door open inward and looked around, anger replacing the cautious worry she had felt earlier. 

Petunia looked left and right twice but was unable to find anything. She glanced down and expected to find some crude gift from the neighbor boys that decided late at night would be the perfect time for pranks. 

A gasp ripped past her lips at the bundle that was lying on her front step. She immediately bent down and scooped up the baby, bringing the little one close to her. She shut the door with her hip as she walked over to the couch and sat down.

“Is that a baby?” Sirius asked as he looked up from the TV for a moment and caught sight of her.

“There’s a letter. I found him on the stoop,” she nodded. She removed the letter from the blanket he was wrapped up in and handed it over to Remus. 

He opened it by breaking the wax seal with a single finger. He slipped the letter out of the envelope and unfolded it. His eyes skimmed over the words as Petunia undid the swaddled blanket from around the infant.

“You’re about my Dudley’s age,” she murmured in her cooing motherly tone. 

“That’s Harry,” Remus said as he slammed the letter and envelope down on the table. Sirius picked it up before she had a chance to ask what was going on. The little one on her lap startled and began to cry, kicking legs and swinging chubby arms. 

“Harry?” she asked him as she stood up and began to pace around the room. She held Harry under his bum with her other hand guiding his head to rest on her shoulder. She bounced slightly as she walked to help and sooth him.

“Your nephew,” Remus murmured as he walked over and took a shaky breath. He had tears clinging to his lashes as he reached out and touched her arm, “Lily and James were killed early this evening.”

“That fucking rat!” Sirius roared as he got up from the couch. He grabbed his wand out of his pocket and rotated it a few times as he charged for the door.

“Stop!” Petunia yelled which woke Dudley upstairs and caused Harry to cry harder. She looked away from them both, pursing her lips to stop the sobs that were bubbling up in her chest. “Remus, go get Dudley down here. Sirius, sit down and explain to me what happened.”

“Fine,” he replied. Both of them obeyed her orders. Sirius took a couple of angry breaths as he gripped his wand tightly in his hands. “There was a reason that you weren’t able to contact either of them. Almost no one was supposed to know where they were hiding out because there was some mystical mumbo jumbo from an old classmate of ours.”

“It was a prophecy, Sirius,” Remus replied as he walked down with Dudley in his arms. The baby was sniffling and clinging tightly to his shirt as he looked towards his mommy. They sat together on the couch once Petunia managed to get Harry to settle down. The cousins met each other with tears and whimpers.

“It was bullshit and put our best friend in harm’s way,” he spat.

“Watch your mouth around the children,” she immediately snapped.

Sirius looked away from them both and grit his teeth together. When he finally calmed down enough to continue, he did. “The prophecy said that a kid would be born in July and eventually grow up to kill He Who Must Not be Named. Harry was born in July near the end, which fit the prophecy just fine so they got targeted. We had to put them up in a house and hide it from everyone. The only people that were supposed to know where they were was me, Remus, and Peter. I know that Remus and I weren’t the ones who leaked the information so it must have been Peter. And now I’m going to kill him.”

“You will do no such thing,” Petunia commanded. “You are going to sit down and take care of your godson with me. I will not have you captured by magical or muggle police for murder no matter how much the bloke deserves it. Remember, my sister is dead. I never even got the chance to fully make amends with her.” The woman’s voice broke at the end, showing how distraught she truly was. 

“I-I’m sorry,” Sirius sat down on the couch and leaned his head against her as he let his own tears fall. 

“I’m going to go get the nursery fixed up for Harry. If that’s alright, the letter said we should keep him,” Remus rambled awkwardly. 

“Please,” she nodded. “He’s my family, and the only thing I’ll have to really remind me of my sister. We can get the proper things for him tomorrow.”

Remus disappeared up the stairs and left Sirius and Petunia sobbing together with two sniffing babies. 

“I’ll get Dudley settled down with a snack,” Sirius whispered as his tears stopped long enough for him to think clearly. They both couldn’t grieve properly with the children awake and in need of care.

She nodded and handed her son over to her partner. She stood up and inspected her nephew and god-son carefully. She held him close to her chest as she hurried up the stairs and to the nursery. Remus had duplicated the crib and blankets and moved things around a bit so that they both fit. 

“Can you get me the changing supplies?” she asked as she laid Harry down on the changing table. 

“Of course,” he quickly replied as he handed her the requested items. She quickly changed him and then put the pajamas his mother must have dressed him in that evening back on. 

“You’re tired, dear,” she murmured to the child as she picked him up and laid him down in the crib. She leaned over the edge and watched him as he slowly fell asleep. Sirius walked in a moment later and placed Dudley down onto the plush mattress. 

Petunia watched him check on both babies and make sure that they were tucked in. She drifted after him as he stormed out of the nursery and across their hall to their bedroom.

“I know that this is hard. I know you want to hurt him, but it would do more damage to He Who Must Not Be Named if we raise Harry to be a happy, functional young wizard,” Remus murmured.

“The letter said not to let him have any access to the wizarding world,” Petunia leaned against the doorframe of their bedroom and folded her arms over her chest. “My nephew can’t even know about the world his parents came from.”

“It’s for his own safety. And so that he doesn’t get an ego about him. Apparently people are already hailing him as some sort of hero,” Remus replied as he got up from where he had been kneeling in front of their partner. He grabbed her hands and brought her further into the room so she could sit next to Sirius. “Can you imagine the kind of effect that would have on him?”

“Of course I can. That doesn’t mean that I think it’s fair for him to be cut off from his parent’s world,” she griped.

“He’s not. Lily grew up in muggle life before she got into Hogwarts,” Sirius shook his head. “And he’ll have magic with us around.”

“I can’t believe that she’s gone. I finally forgave her for what our parents did and now I don’t even get the joys of having a sister,” Petunia sobbed as tears ran down her cheeks rapidly. 

“There’s nothing that I can say to make this better,” her partner whispered as he wrapped his arms around her tightly.

“At least you forgave her before she died. And you can take care of her son to honor her memory,” Sirius rubbed her back in small circles.

“We’ll make sure that we keep Harry safe. Cut off most conversation with the wizard world so he can’t be tracked and the like,” Remus soothed. 

“Let’s just go to bed tonight. I need time to process what happened and it’s far too late to be doing any thinking,” she muttered bitterly as she pulled away from them. They understood her well enough to know that she was upset at the world, not at them.

Remus kissed her forehead and changed into his pajamas while she brushed her teeth and cleaned off her face. He and Sirius were cuddled together under the covers when she slipped on her nightgown.

“Nothing is going to be the same without James,” Sirius whispered. 

“I know,” came the simple reply from the other male. 

She slipped under the covers and turned her back on her partners. She fell asleep with the few good memories she had with her sister flitting through her mind.



WARNINGS: Attempted self-harm, hate, implied cult indoctrination, and child abuse
The knife was heavy in his hands as he turned it over a couple more times. Words and flashes of memory snapped through his mind, reminding him what had happened at work that day. He placed the knife and his other hand down onto the counter below where he had been trying to cut vegetables for dinner.

Evil man.

Draco’s stomach rolled violently as hate bubbled up deep inside of him. 

Wicked traitor .

“Shut up,” he hissed. His knuckles were turning white as he grabbed the knife off the cutting board and began to take out the anger he harbored for himself on the vegetables in front of him. He slid the contents into the pot and placed the lid on it. 

Why isn’t he in prison?

His skin crawled as he turned around and placed everything into the sink. He turned on the faucet and reached for his wand before he remembered the agreement he had struck with the magical council. 

You’re a danger to everyone you come in contact with.

The anger and resentment were drowning him with how quickly that grabbed at him and washed him out to the ocean of personal abuse and hurt. His breath caught in his throat and choked down to his lungs. His heart is pounding in his ears and drowning everything in the real world out as it joins the voices shaking him to his core.

Maybe we should have a Pureblood investigation like Umbridge did for the Muggle borns.

Fear joins the mixture of feelings shooting through his entire form. The cold feeling of the tile brings him back as the icy feeling drifts through his veins to replace the hot emotion. He gasped for breath and a hand moved up to his collarbone to feel his heartbeat thumping away rapidly. 

I wish that I had taken the chance to kill you.

Draco brought his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around them to make himself as small as he could. A small whimper escaped past his tightly pursed lips. Fear rolled over him as he remembered the glares and snarling expressions that his coworkers often held whenever he was in the vicinity around them. 

You and your kind cost me my family.

He despised the idea of being lumped in with the kind of people that his parents and extended family were. He wasn’t given much choice which family he was born into nor was he given much choice about joining the Death Eaters. A low, frustrated growl burst from him as he grit his teeth together. He stood up and yanked his sleeves up as he whirled around to face the sink again. He turned on the faucet to a heated temperature after plugging up the sink. His eyes flitted to his bare forearm where the swirling, magical tattoo that branded him as purely evil rested. 

You still wear their mark? You haven’t changed at all.

The anger returned back in full force. He reached into the sink and grasped the knife that he had been cutting vegetables with. No one seemed to realize that he had already used every spell he knew to try and rid himself of the mark. He had even gone to a couple of muggle parlors to try and get them to remove it. However, the cursed mark was enchanted and didn’t allow the owner to remove it.

You should be sent to Azkaban.

“Get off me,” he growled, pressing the knife to the pale skin of his forearm. The blade was nipping at his skin just above where the Dark Mark began. 

You’re a foul-

“Draco?” Harry’s words cut through the stifling array of voices that echoed throughout his mind. “What are you doing?”

“Getting rid of this wretched mark,” he spat back. He didn’t mean for any of his anger to be taken out on his lover, but it was pouring over and he couldn’t stop it.

“Don’t!” the other male shouted as he grabbed the knife just as it cut into his flesh. He tossed it into the sink like it burned him and then pressed the tap off. “We’re going to patch that cut up, come on.”

“Harry-” Draco began to object but quickly stopped as he saw the look his lover was sporting.

They walked silently through the house to the medicine cabinet behind the mirror in their bathroom. Harry brought out some cotton balls and rubbing alcohol as he sat the other male down on the edge of their bed. He uncapped the disinfectant and placed the cotton ball on the mouth of the bottle as he flipped it upside down to get some onto it. He grabbed his lover’s arm and dabbed away the blood despite Draco’s hissing in pain.

The Gryffindor then discarded them and grabbed two more the cotton balls, placing them against the cut as he wrapped some gauze around them to hold them in place.

“Harry…” Draco murmured.

“Don’t,” he snapped. “Why did you do that?”

“I don’t want to have this stupid thing anymore!” he shouted as the anger boiled back up in him like the pot he left on the stove.

“So you just tried to cut it off?” Harry shouted back. He then took a few deep breaths and managed to calm himself down. “Draco, we’ve already tried to get rid of it every other way that exists. What makes you think that it would have gone away if you cut it off?” 

“I was desperate,” he looked away from his boyfriend, staring instead at the bathroom door. 

“Draco…” he murmured as he grabbed the other man’s hands and held them in his own.

“No, you don’t understand,” he folded his arms over his chest and stood up. 

“What don’t I understand?”

“You don’t understand the way that people look at me,” he snapped back. “You are admired and loved by everyone because you are the chosen one and you have saved them all from Voldemort. I am hated and glared at because I was forced to join his followers because of the family that I was born into. You could never understand that.”

“Draco, before I got accepted into Hogwarts, I lived with my Aunt and Uncle. They knew that I came from a magical family that was different than their version of normal, and that was the worst thing they could dream of. They glared at me and would lock me under the stairs in a room barely bigger than me. They only ever gave me a big enough room when it was to avoid the magic and getting attention. I know what it’s like to be hated.”

“Harry, you were still able to get away from it. I will never, ever be able to move past what my parents made me do,” he growled slightly. “I want it off because that is the only way I might ever be free of my past. I could move somewhere else and no one would have to know who I was or what I was forced to do.”

“And I’m guessing I’m not included in these plans?” Harry asked, calm as ever. 

“Harry…” Draco sighed. He collapsed in on himself as the anger and resentment fluttered away and were replaced by the self-conscious despair he often felt. “I know that I’m not the person you actually want to be with. Soon you’ll find someone that deserves to be with you and I’ll be nothing but a charity case.”

“Don’t you ever fucking say that again,” Harry swore as his arms immediately wrapped around his boyfriend. “I started dating you because I saw the person underneath the arrogance and vanity. I love you and I want to be with you more than anybody else.”

Draco broke down with the words his lover spoke. Huge tears rushed down his face and collected on his face as his nose began to run and blood rushed to tint his pale face. Sobs echoed through his chest and escaped him around his gasps for air. Harry held him and handed him tissues as he cried, murmuring soothing words as he did so.

“We all have things that we don’t like about ourselves. We all have things that make our lives harder,” Harry whispered. “I never asked to have the scar on my forehead. I wouldn’t mind being able to go to a Wizard pub without being immediately recognized. I would like to be able to write and do basic things with my hand when a storm is coming, but it’s not like I can get rid of either scar.”

The blond blew his nose and discarded the tissue into the pile that had collected in the bin next to their bed. He took his lovers aforementioned hand and ran his thumb over the bright white words. “If I had known what she was doing when she brought people into her office I wouldn’t have helped her. I didn’t want to in the first place,” he mumbled.

“I know. When you started fighting back your parents clamped down on you even harder,” Harry sighed as he placed his head on his lover’s shoulder. “But both of these scars remind me of something.”

“Oh?”

“The lightning bolt reminds me of the responsibility I have to help everyone I can and the sacrifice that my mother made to keep me alive. The words remind me that I don’t have to put up with abuse from anyone. It’s almost a reminder to swallow my pride and get help. She would have never gotten away with it if I had just told Dumbledore. I had the proof and everything,” he chuckled bitterly. 

“And what is the Dark Mark supposed to be a reminder of?”

“That you’re a changed person. It’s proof that you managed to pull away from your family and become who YOU wanted to be, not who they wanted you to be,” he smiled. “It’s proof that you’ve had a harder road than most people.”

“Well maybe I don’t want to be reminded of that. And no one seems keen on letting me forget anytime soon anyway.”

“People will forget over time. They did it with the first round of Death Eaters and now a lot of the ex-Death Eaters were children that were indoctrinated into it or forced,” Harry shrugged. “Give it time. And if it doesn’t get any better in a year or so then we can move to America or something. Or you could work a muggle job.”

“What did I do to deserve you?” Draco smiled slightly. The soothing words and suggested solutions to his problem managed to sooth the demons that had been roaring their heads. 

“Nothing. You were you,” Harry replied as he pulled the blond down a few inches to kiss him. “And that was good enough for me.”



WARNINGS: Mentions of sex and cross-dressing

So the prompt got a little confused at the end, but I hope that this is still what you were hoping for. If not, you can request a rewrite! I hope you enjoy it

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3
The red-headed teenager followed quickly after his best friend. Their fingers were laced comfortably together as they always were when they went somewhere together. Everyone ignored them, by now more than used to the antics and strange actions of the eighth year students. They had been through a lifetime of difficulties in a year, after all.

“Where are we going, again?” Ron asked as he had to jog a bit to manage to catch up with his boyfriend.

“I found something when I was going through the Room of Requirement to get sentimental items people left there,” he began. “And I found some things that the room must have created to help everyone keep their spirits up. Do you remember when McGonagall was training us to dance for the Yule Ball?”

Ron shuddered. “Yeah.”

“Well, I found a big record player like that and a lot of records and I thought that it would be fun to have something like a date with the music and the player and everything,” he rambled. His emerald green eyes sparkled with joy and excitement.

“So we’re going on a date?” he asked.

“Yeah, is that okay?” Harry’s voice caught in his throat as apprehension filled him.

“Of course it is! We haven’t had time to do anything like this since we got so busy with classes,” Ron grinned as he leaned down a small bit and kissed his boyfriend’s cheek.

“You had me worried there for a second,” Harry laughed. They stopped walking just as the door to the Room of Requirement formed in the wall. Harry opened the door and allowed his boyfriend in first before he followed after.

Ron dropped his hand as he looked around at the room where so many of his friends had been hiding from the cruel torment they had to face at school. He drifted through the rows of sleeping bags and hammocks until he reached the little alcove his boyfriend had made a b-line for. 

It had a plethora of pillows pressed up against the walls and floor with blankets thrown over them to keep out the cold from the stone ground. Pressed into one of the corners was a wind-up record player and several records were shoved underneath it for ease of use. 

“I wonder how many people sat here and listened to these to try and forget what their safe haven had become,” Harry murmured as he looked through the records.

“You know that wasn’t your fault, right?” Ron whispered as he reached over and placed a hand on his best friend’s shoulder.

“If I had just gotten rid of him faster maybe they wouldn’t have had to see their school be taken over by evil wizards,” he muttered. He chose a record at random and put it on the player. He put the needle where it was supposed to lie and cast a spell on the wind-up mechanism so that it would play on its own.

“I don’t want our date to turn into this argument again,” Ron sighed as he rubbed his cheek nervously.

“It won’t, I’m sorry,” Harry apologized. “I want to spend some quality time with you.”

“Quality time?” Ron asked, raising his eyebrows suggestively.

“Not like that,” the other Gryffindor scoffed. “For now, I just want to cuddle with you and listen to some music.”

Ron smiled softly as his heart nearly melted. Love overcame him as he slid into place next to his lover and linked their hands together again. Harry rested his head on the redhead’s shoulder and Ron placed his head on top of the Chosen One’s.

They listened to the record for a while before a song came on that struck the taller of the two a little more than it probably should have. Feelings that he had buried deep down inside of him bubbled back up to the top. He remembered the feeling of a skirt or one of Ginny’s silky dresses brushing against newly shaven legs. The feeling of some of his mother’s makeup inexpertly smeared over his face as he tried his best to create a more feminine look.

He had always been okay with being male, which is why he had never brought the urges up with anyone else before. It wasn’t like he wanted to fully transition to being female like a couple of the witches he had known as a child. He just liked dressing up in feminine clothing and wearing makeup. 

The song described someone that posed as a female. They could have been a transvestite or transgender, but the words resonated deeply within the Gryffindor. 

“Harry,” he blurted out after a few more songs had passed. His heart and lungs decided that moment would be the perfect time to go wild inside of his chest cavity. 

“Mm?” the other boy replied as he turned to face his boyfriend slightly. 

“I think I’m like Lola,” he blurted.

“What?” Harry asked, blinking in confusion.

“I think… that I am like Lola,” he repeated a bit slower.

“I-what?” he stuttered. “I-uh, Ron, y-you’re transgender? Why didn’t you tell me?”

“No! I mean,” he laughed awkwardly. “It wouldn’t be a bad thing if I was trans, would it?”

“No, I just want to know something like that since you’re my boyfri-partner,” the other replied quickly.

“Well I’m not transgender, I do think that I am a transvestite,” he cleared his throat as blood rushed to his cheeks to color them.

“So you like to dress up in woman’s clothing?” he asked.

“I think it’s more like that I like to dress up in feminine clothing, it doesn’t just have to be women’s,” he replied, shying away from his boyfriend in fear of rejection.

“Okay,” Harry nodded. He reached out and took the pale, freckled hands of his lover into his own and gave him a reassuring smile. “I accept you because I love you. I don’t care what kind of hobbies you have as long as you’re not hurting people.”

“Harry, you know that I don’t have the heart to hurt people that don't really, really deserve it,” he laughed.

“And I do have to say, I am really attracted to androgeny,” he grinned wickedly. “Seeing you in a dress and makeup might be something that we should try when we finally get our own place.”

“Technically, we could always try it here,” Ron shrugged nervously. 

“You know I don’t feel comfortably having sex here,” Harry shook his head.

“I want to start crossdressing on a daily basis. Like, wear pants with the uniform most of the time and a skirt on special days that I feel like it. And start wearing makeup more often too,” he rambled.

“Oh. Do you think that you’ll get in trouble for it?” Harry asked.

“Harry. You and I have fought some of the worst battles of all time and destroyed all seven horcrux of the Dark Lord, do you think I’m scared of getting in trouble with McGonagall?” he snorted. “And Wizards are a lot more accepting than muggles are, according to Mione.”

“I didn’t think so since the Purebloods seem kind of stuck up…”

“The bad ones are always louder than the rest of us. Technically, my family is Pure Blooded,” Ron shrugged.

“I think doing some everyday crossdressing for you would be lovely as long as it makes you happy,” he smiled as he leaned in and kissed his lover. 

“It will. Thank you for understanding, Harry,” he whispered as he pressed his forehead against the other man’s.

“Of course. I’d be a shit boyfriend if I didn’t. He/him pronouns are still alright for you, right?” he asked.

“Yeah. I’m still male, just like to put on makeup and dresses,” they stayed silent for a moment before laughter echoed around the large room. Eventually they settled down and listened back to the record vinyl spinning away next to them.



WARNINGS: Over-stimulation, safe word usage, BDSM, and implied/referenced sexual scenarios
“Indigo! Indigo!” Severus shouted, his voice straining as he had been screaming for the majority of the scene. He had his hands tied together and to a metal pole that ran above him. His legs were tied apart, one hanging loose with the other tied to the top of the pole. He also had a harness-type clothing item attached to him so that he was being held up by his torso as well. 

As soon as the word was out of his mouth, the cock slipped out of his abused hole. A strong arm wrapped underneath him and held him somewhat up so that he could place his loose leg on the ground. “I’ve got you, you’re okay,” came the soothing voice of his lover and fingers scrambled to undo the knots that kept his hands attached to the pole above his head. 

Severus felt his whole body begin to shake and quiver as his muscles tightened and loosened in rapid succession. He could feel the anxiety and panic rushing through his veins to consume every molecule of his being. 

Sirius worked to get the knot undone from the pole first and then worked on his leg before he undid the straps that hooked to the harness and caught Severus as he collapsed into a heap. He placed the submissive down on the ground and quickly set to work to get the rope off his hands completely.

“I’m here, you’re safe,” he whispered as his lips pressed to the smaller man’s widow's peak. 

The rope slid off of his wrists and down onto the ground, leaving just a few things confining him. Sirius moved down to his ankles next and began to undo the rope and serious knots as quickly as he can. Severus can feel the tears streaking down his cheeks and snot threatening to run down his face. Sobs tore at his already strained vocal cords and ripped their way through his chest. 

“Severus, you’re okay,” his boyfriend murmured against his skin as he finally got to the harness. It takes two pinched fingers on the buckles to get the constrictive fabric to fall off of him and down onto the ground.

Sirius gathered the smaller man into his arms and placed him on his lap for a moment. His hands rubbed over the submissive’s hips to try and stimulate blood flow back into the muscles. “I’ve got you, you’re okay,” he whispered as his lips pressed against his cheek and the side of his head. 

“N-not okay,” he shook his head furiously for a moment before he laid it down on the shoulder of the man holding him. Sirius remained there for a moment before he scooped up his lover and brought him to the bathroom just off of their playroom.

“I’m going to give you a bath and then rub some balm into the hurt places, alright? Then we can get some food and water into you,” his voice was soft and gentle as he talked. He left his lover sitting on the toilet as he plugged up the tub and let the water run. 

“Severus, I love you so much,” he murmured as he grabbed a tissue and began to dab at the tears still creating rivers down his face. “I’m so sorry that I made you feel this bad. Do you think you can tell me what I did?”

“I-I,” he stuttered as he inhaled a heaving breath. 

“We’ll talk later after some calming time,” the Gryffindor shook his head. 

When the bath had filled, Sirius checked that it was warm but not too hot that it would hurt. He placed an arm on Severus’ back and one under his legs as he picked him up. He placed his lover into the tub and helped him lean back comfortably. “You’re so amazing, I love you so much,” he murmured as he got the softest washcloth that he could find in the drawer. He spread some of the lavender scented body wash that they bought specifically for aftercare onto it.

“You did so well in the scene, baby boy,” he whispered as he gently rubbed the washcloth over the sweaty skin of his lover. “You’re so amazing.”

Severus slowly stopped crying and relaxed into the touch of his lover. He moved when he was told to and let the strong hands of his dominant tug him this way and that so that the washcloth can cover every inch of his skin. He relaxed even further when Sirius got the cup from the sink and began to pour water carefully over his hair. He nearly purred as strong fingers wove through his locks and pulled the shampoo through his mane. 

The water soothed his muscles again as Sirius rinsed all of the soap off of him with the cup. The dominant drained the tub of its water and lifted his lover to sit him back on the toilet again.

“You’re a wonderful person, and I’m so proud of you,” he mumbled as he wrapped a fluffy towel around his lover. He rubbed the water off of Severus’ skin and then carried him up to their bedroom.

“Can you get me the blue colored pyjamas?” the submissive asked meekly as he was set down on the plush covering of their bed. 

“Of course, my love,” he responded immediately as his lips gently pressed to his forehead again. Seconds later, Sirius was pulling the flannel fabric over his arms. His fingers did the buttons as quickly as he had undone the rope nearly half an hour beforehand.

“Sirius?” Severus asked, his voice small and nearly inaudible. 

“Yes?” he asked. Normally, he would have corrected his lover to call him master since they were alone, but now was not the time.

“I’m sorry I called the scene short.”

“Severus,” the Gryffindor said immediately. “Don’t ever be sorry for using the safeword. Neither of us have to feel guilty about what was done. You did what you needed to feel safe in that situation and I completely understand that. A scene stops being fun when someone is uncomfortable or unwilling,” he tilted his lover’s face up and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips. 

“I still feel like I cheated you out of an orgasm or a fun experience,” he grumbled slightly as Sirius slipped the pajama bottoms on over his legs.

“You didn’t. I would never get any form of pleasure from you being in real pain,” he shook his head, causing shaggy locks to fall in front of his face.

“I love you,” he whispered.

“I love you, too,” Sirius pecked his lips and then darted into the ensuite bathroom. He came out a moment later after having cleaned himself up and put on some of his own pyjamas. “What do you want to eat?”

“Something light. I don’t think I could tolerate a whole meal right now,” Severus yawned. He grasped the blanket underneath him and in one quick movement, he fluffed the comforter up while darting his legs underneath it. 

“I’ll come back with a snack and some water,” the dominant chuckled as he slipped out of the room. 

When he returned back, he slipped underneath the duvet and cuddled close to his lover. Severus grabbed some of the snacks he had brought and began to nibble on one of his favorites. 

“Do you think you could talk about what went wrong with the scene? We’ve done stuff like that before and it’s never torn you up like that,” Sirius murmured. He made sure that his tone was loving and docile, that there were no accusations or resentment to prevent the guilt-ridden sub-drop that they both feared.

“I know. I just felt like everything was too much. Instead of an orgasm, every nerve in my body just lit on fire,” he shuddered. Sirius hummed as his brows furrowed together in thought and he handed his lover one of the plastic muggle water bottles they kept for ease of transportation.

“I’m sorry. Was it anything specific?” he asked as his hands began to rub up and down his lover. Suddenly he winced at remembering something, “I have to get the balm or you’re going to be in a lot of pain tomorrow. I’ll be back soon.”

Severus finished the first packet of the snacks Sirius brought for him and discarded the wrapper in the trash bin they kept next to the bed. When his lover returned, the submissive allowed his shirt to be removed and wiggled out so that his dominant could fit behind him. 

The heavy smell of cinnamon and cloves waft from the jar as the taller male unscrewed the top. He dipped two fingers into the salve and began to spread it over the tense muscles. Once there was a thick coating he focused on massaging the muscles to make sure that it got into his lover’s body to do the healing it was supposed to.

“I think the main thing that overwhelmed me was the edging,” Severus murmured. He hissed in pain as Sirius’ hand rolled over one of the knots in his back.

“I thought you liked edging. Normally that’s how we make the scene go on for as long as we do,” he hummed thoughtfully. Once all of the salve had been rubbed into the Slytherin’s back he replaced the pajama shirt and moved onto rubbing his wrists and forearm where the rope had been.

“The edging went on for too long,” Severus finally conceded. 

“I think I remember this happening back when we were experimenting in school,” SIrius nodded. “I’ll make sure to make it last longer, but not too long.”

“Thank you,” the Slytherin snorted and rolled his eyes slightly. 

“Do you think you could eat something more, please?” Sirius asked as he finished with his lover’s wrists and moved down to his ankles.

“I’ll try,” he nodded as he picked another snack up and slowly consumed it.

Sirius left the balm on the nightstand as he went to wash the reminder off of his hands. When he returned and slid into the bed behind his lover and brought Severus down so that his back was pressed against the Gryffindor’s chest. 

“I love you so much. I hope you know that I would never, ever hurt you on purpose,” he murmured as his lips pressed to the wet hair of his lover.

“I know,” Severus replied with a nod. “I love you.”



WARNINGS: Graphic depictions of birth, mentions of underage sex, and teenage pregnancy

So I had to change some things to make it more realistic for a triplet birth. he's closer to 33 weeks instead of 38 since multiples need to be born early. I hope that's okay!

Stay sissy and bitchy everyone!
The hours seemed to drag on and on as I stared blankly out of the window. The room around me was suffocating despite the half dozen open windows that spanned the walls of the turret. A slight breeze doused with the smell of an impending storm fluttered through the circular room, causing the curtains framing the windows and the one hanging around my bed to flutter as it wafted through. 

My eyes slowly drifted down to the book lying open on the oak desk in front of me next to a long piece of parchment. The words on it had been scrawled in Hermione’s perfectly immaculate handwriting with her spelled quill. Several others just like it, a few written in Harry’s hand as well, littered the rest of the desk. Most of the other textbooks for the classes I was now missing were on the shoulder height bookshelf that had been placed carefully on the wall.

“This is dull,” he complained as I shifted a bit in the chair. I immediately regretted doing so as the pain in my lower back and hips returned with an aching vengeance. A hand moved to the bottom of my massive bump as the other moved to grasp at the desk next to me. I took a deep breath to try and pass through the pain as quickly as possible. Sometimes I wondered why I even bothered getting up since it was so difficult to even move now.

“You’re already making things so difficult for me,” I complained to the squirming pups inside my belly. They had only ever been this active when they first started moving enough to be felt on the outside. I pushed myself with a great deal of effort and waddled over to the bed pushed into the corner of the turret against the only flat wall. I clambered into my nest and settled down sideways so that my bump was lying against the pillows and mattress below.

A flare of instinctual protectiveness washed over me and I curled around my large bump while rubbing the spot where one of the pups had moved last. “Mommy’s here, loves,” I cooed. It settled after a moment and another one of the weak contractions I had been having since last night occurred, closer than ever to the last one.

My eyes screwed shut as the pain built up in my back and tripled in pain compared to the other ones I had been having. It wrapped all the way around my stomach and echoed down into my most intimate parts. I gasped out a groan of pain as one of my hands wrapped around a blanket and balled into a fist.

Just as the pain ebbed away and left me feeling exhausted, the door to my room swung open and revealed two of my best friends.

“Mate, you alright?” Harry asked, his brows furrowing together with worry.

“As okay as I can be while pregnant with triplets and locked up here all alone,” I complained as I rearranged myself into a sitting position. 

Hermione quickly spelled two chairs over for herself and Harry and promptly plopped herself down in one. “You know that the teachers had to do this for your safety.”

“It wasn’t for my safety,” I bit out as the familiar anger and frustration built up in my chest. “It was so they could lock away the shame of the school. No omega had gotten pregnant at Hogwarts for nearly ten years and then I just had to get myself knocked up.”

“It wasn’t really your fault, since Draco didn’t get you to the heat wards like a good alpha should have,” Harry quickly grumbled as he sat down in the chair next to Hermione.

“I was the one that went and found him when I was already too deep in my heat to say no. And I know that you both hate him still, but he is my mate,” I growled out as my eyes narrowed accusingly. “And I’m going to have these pups regardless and he’s going to be involved in their lives, so the least you could do is pretend if not for me then for them.”

“That is something that we need to work on. I’m sorry,” Hermione said as she bowed her head to show her shame. 

“Sorry, mate,” Harry apologized, though it didn’t really sound like he was actually sorry for insulting my mate and the father of my pups.

“I wanted to give you the letter that Molly sent you this morning,” Hermione suddenly remembered. She handed over the letter and then moved to my desk to add more lectures to the already immense pile. 

I broke the seal on the back of the envelope and pulled out the folded paper inside. My eyes scanned quickly over the words, taking in the gist of the important news surrounded by long-winded rambles. “Apparently Mum finally got the nursery all finished. I wish I could have been more helpful with…” I trailed off and sucked in a breath as another contraction wrapped itself around my belly.

“Ron?” Hermione asked worriedly as she rushed over to my bed and nest.

“I’m okay,” I whispered when the pain finally dissipated enough for me to speak.

“Was that a contraction?” Harry asked, his brows furrowing and causing the scar on his forehead to wrinkle awkwardly.

“I’ve been having them since last night, but they just got a lot worse,” I nodded.

“Have you told anyone? You could be in labor,” Hermione immediately began to worry, flitting around the room like a lost bird.

“It’s way too early for them to come, Mione,” I mumbled as worry sunk down into my very core.

“Triplets often come early since the body can’t properly stretch to the appropriate size,” she stated, as if she were reciting something that she read in a book. She quickly sat back down in the chair and reached into the nest to grab my hands. “How close together are the contractions?”

“I haven’t been timing them,” I shook my head. Ginger scent leaked from my scent gland as I whined and wished that my alpha was there with me in the room.

“Harry, go get Madame Pomfrey and I’ll go find Malfoy,” Hermione said quickly as she stood up from the chair and bolted out of the room. Harry obeyed her orders and I was left alone in the room that my children would soon be born in. 

While I impatiently waited for them to get back, another pain wrapped itself around me and took my breath away. When it finally passed, the door burst open and my mate nearly sprinted through the small space of the room to get closer to me.

“Are you alright? Why didn’t you tell me that you were in pain when I left this morning?” the words poured out of his mouth to show how nervous he was as he took my hand.

“Get in the nest,” was my immediate reply as I moved over to allow him to have some space. He nodded and easily got into the nest while making sure to leave the high, fluffy walls perfectly in place. 

He slipped into place behind me and helped me into a more comfortable position. “I’ve got you, omega,” he cooed as he pressed a kiss to my forehead. His hand grabbed mine as I sucked in another tight breath. I squeezed as tightly as I could while the pain rushed throughout my abdomen. 

“Mr. Weasley, are you sure that you want to try and have the birth in the nest? We could always do a Cesarean if you wanted to move to the hospital wing,” Madame Pomfrey pushed again as she walked over to the bedside.

“I’m not going to put my children at risk like that. My nest is safe and they’ll be safest here with me,” I grumbled out. My instincts flared again now that my alpha was there with me, telling me that I was safest here with him. 

“What do we do now?” Draco asked as he watched the witch flit around the room and get things ready for the impending birth.

“We wait. There’s nothing that I can do until he’s dilated enough to push and that will most likely happen after his water breaks,” she explained. She flicked her wand again and three bassinets flickered into existence close to the head of the bed.

“I’m scared,” I whispered into my alpha’s chest as I shifted around a small bit. 

“Me too. But we’ll get through this. I won’t let anything happen to you or our pups,” he promised with a gentle kiss to the top of my head. 

Two more contractions passed before energy surged through me. “I want to get up and walk,” I requested as I moved away from the safe hold of my mate.

“I thought that would come,” Madame Pomfrey chuckled as she helped me out of the nest and onto the cold stone floor. 

Draco quickly scrambled to my side and helped me waddle in slow circles around my turret bedroom. I could smell the worried vanilla scent as it rolled off of him in slow waves. We walked through the next three contractions before I stopped and groaned as water began to trickle down my legs.

“What is that?” the wary voice of my alpha asked as he helped me sit down in my desk chair as the contractions became worse than they had been before.

“His water has broken, which means that the triplets are coming faster than we expected,” she replied simply. 

Draco let out a worried noise and kneeled down in front of me. “Are you feeling okay, omega?” he asked.

“I feel like something huge is trying to burst out of me. This is the worst pain I’ve ever been in,” I hissed back as the contraction finally passed.

“I’m so sorry I put you through this,” the blond whispered as his face rippled with guilt.

“You didn’t ‘do’ anything to me. These pups may not have been planned but they are not a burden that was foisted on either one of us or a mistake,” I said quickly. 

“I love you so much,” he murmured as he leaned forward and kissed me sweetly.

“While I’m glad that the two of you are getting along better now, I think that we should get Mr. Weasley out of those trousers and back into the nest,” Madame Pomfrey said sternly. 

Draco nodded and helped me up, holding my arms as another contraction rushed over me. I leaned against him, pressing my forehead against his collarbone while I rocked back and forth. The healer tugged off my pants and underwear, helping me step out of them and clamber back into the safety and security of my nest.

Draco sat behind me with his legs on either side of my hips, propping me up so that I could be in a somewhat comfortable position for when the pups actually came.

“This is going to be a little invasive, but I need to check how far you’ve dilated. And I’m sorry to admit, but there’s no spell that’s been invented yet that can help with this,” the old woman sighed as she put a glove onto her hand and inserted it into my opening. I winced at the stretch of her hand that was only possible thanks to the birthing preparation that I had been doing. 

“You’re already about eight centimeters, so the pups should be here in no time. As should your mother, Mr. Weasley,” the healer said as she stripped the glove off and tossed it into the bin next to my desk.

“Great,” I sighed. I grit my teeth together and held both of Draco’s hands tightly. 

“I hate seeing you in all of this pain,” he murmured as soon as it was gone. 

“Do you wish that I had gotten an abortion?” the words fell out of my mouth before I could stop them. My heart began to pound widely in my chest as I waited for the response from my alpha.

“Of course not. I love you and I love our children. I wouldn’t have wanted to inflict that kind of pain or damage onto you or…” he shuddered and trailed off, not willing to say that our children would have been killed. Abortions were rare for omegas since it often caused them to go feral in one form or another. 

“Ron?” my mother called as she walked into the round room and over to the side of the nest. “How are you feeling, darling?”

“Tired. And my muscles are already so sore,” I complained childishly. She just chuckled and pressed a hand to my forehead the way she always did when one of us was sick or injured.

“You’re going to be a lot sorer when this is all over, just trust me on that,” she smiled sadly. 

I groaned and rolled to the side in the massive nest around me, pressing my face into my lover’s chest. Draco rubbed my hips and lower back each time a contraction came while my mother sat on the outside of my nest and held both of my hands. 

Another hour passed before Madame Pomfrey finally confirmed that I was finally all the way dilated and it was healthy to start pushing. I shifted my position on the bed so that I was kneeling with Draco in front of me. He held me up with his forearms pressed to me and his arms on my elbows while I gripped the crook of his arms.

Each time a contraction gripped my stomach muscles I pressed my chin to my chest and pushed as hard as I could. The healer had already cast the spells that she needed to make sure that the baby would be the only thing leaving my body as I pushed. 

The pain and pressure seemed to go on forever before Madame Pomfrey finally said, “You’re crowning, just a few more pushes!” 

A strangled scream escaped my lips as I pushed harder than I had before and managed to get the head to slip out of me. I nearly collapsed against my mate as another contraction occurred directly after and caused my body to push involuntarily. 

Suddenly, my mother and mate moved me around so that I was lying back against the pillows and something wet was placed on my chest. My breath hitched in my throat as the sounds of wailing and spells being cast slipped away, the entire world shrinking down to the squashed face looking up at me.

“You’re so beautiful,” I whispered as my hand escaped from Draco’s and my fingers trailed over the sticky, wispy hair of our eldest son. 

“I need to take him and wipe him down, love,” my mother said softly as she slowly gathered my pup into her arms. Draco grabbed my hand with his own shaky one and kissed my forehead as I nodded to let her know it was okay. Another contraction shot through me and I birthed the afterbirth for my eldest child.

“I don’t know if I can do this two more times,” I whispered as I shook my head. 

“You can, I believe in you,” Draco whispered against my forehead as his lips pressed against my temple.

“The other two should come quicker anyway,” Madame Pomfrey assured me as she glanced over to where my mother was desperately trying to sooth her eldest grandbaby. 

The next contraction that came brought all of the pains from before crashing back down on me. I gripped my boyfriend’s hands as hard as I could and pushed like I had been before. “God, I never want to do this again!” I sobbed as the second child slid out of me.

My heart swelled with an overwhelming affection as he was placed on the same spot where the other one had. “Hi baby,” he whispered as my arms immediately went to hold the squalling infant.

“Beautiful, so beautiful,” Draco whispered as he stared down at the serene face of our second child. 

“Isn’t he supposed to by crying?” I asked after a moment, panic flowing through me as the spell was cast on his umbilical cord and he was officially severed from me.

“Some babies just don’t,” my mother explained as she took him from me with permission. The eldest pup had been placed in one of the magic bassinets next to my bed, still wailing as loud as his little lungs would allow. “He’s still breathing just fine,” she carried the middle triplet over the basins of water and began to clean him off. 

I was distracted away from him by the feeling of his sibling descending down my birth canal. I grunted and grabbed my mate’s hands again as I kept pushing. The head crowned after mere minutes and I let out a strangled scream as the shoulders tore my opening despite the spells that had been placed on me. 

For the third and final time, the babe was placed on my chest and the protective feelings overwhelmed me once more. I didn’t pay any attention to the afterbirth that slid out of me and onto the temporarily ruined sheets. I giggled hysterically as ginger scent poured out of me and covered the room to reach the pups that weren’t directly in my arms.

“Here you are,” my mother cooed as she placed our middle child into my mate’s hold and took our youngest to be washed.

Madame Pomfrey cast a couple of spells to clean the sheets and me while also repairing the damage that had been done by the birth as naturally as she could. I would still have contractions for a while afterwards to close my cervix back up. 

“I want to feed them,” I whined as I was helped to sit up in my nest a bit. 

“Here,” the healer said as she helped me tug off my shirt and bra so that I could get some skin-to-skin contact with my children and feed them. Draco handed me the eldest baby and soon he was suckling from me to get his first meal.

Someone magicked bottoms onto me at some point, but I was too distracted by my newborn children to pay much attention to anything else. My thumb ran over the malleable skull of the pup in my arms. 

“They’re so perfect omega, you did so well,” Draco praised as his lips pecked the side of my head.

“I love them so much,” I whispered. I burped my eldest and traded him with Draco to grab our quietest baby and feed him as well.

“I know the feeling,” the Slytherin laughed awkwardly as he looked down at the tiny life form he had helped make.

“As soon as you’re ready, I’m going to take you and these three home,” my mother said as she handed me my youngest and helped me position them so that they could both feed at the same time.

“Can Draco stay with us until we get a house?” I asked. The question had been asked before but had been brushed away since my mother had never really seen how he treated me before.

“Of course he can, dear,” she nodded as she gave a knowing look to the alpha by my side.

“I’ll stay with you in the antechamber if you need me tonight and then people can come visit the five of you tomorrow. I have to go notify your friends in the hall that you’re alright,” she bustled around for a moment before she hurried out to the hallway. 

“I wish there was a way that I could hold all of them at the same time,” I sighed as I shifted down in the nest a small bit and placed the middle and youngest triplets on either side of me.

“We have all of them in the nest at the very least,” Draco supplied as he kissed the tip of my nose and then scented the children one by one.

“What do you want to name them?” I asked with a yawn as a dull sleep threatened to collapse on me.

“Can we name the eldest Scorpius? I know that it’s a bit more formal than you liked when we were talking about names, but it’s a tradition in my family,” he quickly rambled.

“I like it. He’ll need a strong name like that in a world that hates omegas,” I sighed. I leaned down and kissed the downy hair on my son’s head. 

“What about Rose and Hugo for these two?” I asked, holding the identical of the triplets close to me.

“Lovely,” Draco nodded as he settled down in the nest next to me. We kept the children safely cuddled between us as we drifted off to sleep.



WARNINGS: Explicit sexual scenarios

 

I had a really hard time using she/her pronouns for Harry during this, so if you catch any times that I slipped up let me know!

Stay sissy and bitch everyone! <3

“Do you want to have sex?”

Hermione flushed as soon as the words left her mouth and ran her teeth over her lip. She looked down at the book that she had been trying to read for the past several minutes. There was a stifling silence from the other two members of the study group before her best friend spoke up.

“Yeah, sure,” Harry shrugged as she tossed one of her long curls over her shoulder to join their brethren. 

“Does that offer extend to us both?” Susan asked as she set her quill into the inkpot for the time being.

“I-um, yes,” the Gryffindor stuttered as the fire under her skin heated the freckled skin of her face. 

“I’d love to. It’s not everyday that you get to shag the smartest girl of your graduating class,” Susan winked with a small laugh.

“Are you serious?” Hermione mumbled, her eyes growing wide with shock.

“About you being the smartest girl in our graduating class or us wanting to shag you?” the Raveclaw replied with a fiendish smirk that has no place on her cherubic face.

“The shagging bit,” she squeaked out.

“Hermione, I know that you don’t think your attractive because of Ron and Malfoy’s comments, but you’re a lot prettier than most of the girls in our year. Of course we’d want to shag you,” Harry snorted.

“I am not,” she scoffed. She didn’t have any more time to continue in her rebuttal as Susan grabbed her face by placing both of her hands on either cheek and pulling the taller girl in for a kiss. She complied and immediately relaxed, moving her lips in tune with the other woman. Soon, she was being pulled onto Harry’s lap while Susan continued their near-violent snog session.

She could feel hands ghosting over the top of her wool vest, wrapping from her back around her hips until they reached her stomach. She pulled back and gasped for breath as her eyes finally drifted open. She looked over the kiss-swollen lips that she had caused and bither own as arousal swirled in her cunt.

“Where did you learn to snog like that?” Hermione asked before she could stop herself.

“I read books,” she shrugged.

“You can’t learn to snog from a book,” Harry objected as her hands continued to travel over her friend.

“Raveclaws can learn anything from a book. Would you like me to show you?” Susan quirked a brow as she leaned over Hermione’s shoulder.

“Hell yes,” the dark-haired girl grinned as she moved her face forward a few inches and connected their lips together. Harry moaned and rolled her hips upward into her best friend’s ass before she was pushed back into the chair by the force of the kiss.

Susan began to trail her hands over Hermione as well. She started with both of her palms on Hermione’s shoulders and then began to trail down over her breasts, spending a moment to apply a gentle pressure before she trailed down to her hips. 

“Let’s get this show on the road,” Harry breathed as the two girls finally separated from the kiss.

“Yes please,” Susan smirked. She grabbed her wand out of the pocket in her robes and cast some charms around their alcove so that no one would be able to see or hear them if they were somehow found in the empty library. 

Harry’s hands found their way to the bottom of Hermione’s shirt and dipped underneath the vest that went with the uniform. Her other hand undid the clasp that kept her robes up and then let the fabric cascade off of her. Underneath the vest, Harry’s hand began to undo the buttons of her white dress shirt, leaving the scratchy fabric touching her skin in certain places.

Susan pulled away from them both and shed her own robes. She undid her messily tied tie and removed it from the inside of the dress shirt’s collar. She never wore her vest, so she was able to undo her dress shirt in front of them without removing another layer.

“Merlin,” Hermione breathed. The arousal in between her legs was making her ache just by watching the other two and simple kisses and touches. 

“I’m going to speed up now,” Harry warned. Hermione nodded and then soon found that her vest was being pulled over her head. The rest of the buttons on her dress shirt were removed and she was shoved off of her best friend’s lap so that she could wiggle the other girl’s skirt off.

Susan turned her around and began to kiss at her neck as Harry worked on getting her stockings and panties onto the floor as well. Hermione whined loudly as her best friend’s thin fingers found her clint and brushed over it a few times. When she was completely naked, Harry focused on removing her own clothes while Susan made out with her.

“How are we going to do this?” she asked, completely breathless as she pulled out of the kiss. All three girls were stark naked and standing close to each other so that they could caress and touch their most intimate places.

“I can come without being touched, so I can eat one of you out and finger fuck the other,” Susan grinned wickedly.

“Really? You’re going to have to teach me how to do that one day,” Harry mused as she kissed Hermione again. Her hands drifted over the other girl’s skin like they belonged there, ghosting up and down her hips before she reached the nipples of her breasts and tweaked them each in turn.

“Maybe,” Susan winked. “Get down on the floor,” she instructed, having already laid out all three of their robes so that they wouldn’t get dirty or risk infections. 

Hermione hurriedly did as she was told, nearly certain that she would explode if she didn’t get some amount of pleasure soon. She laid down with her back against the robe beneath her and looked over to see Harry doing the same. Susan got down on her hands and knees near their legs. She grabbed Harry’s legs first and put them up so that they were bent.

Once she had done the same to Hermione’s, she paused for a moment and looked between the two of them. She settled her face in between the spread legs of the Chosen One since Harry had a more managed bush than Hermione did. 

She reached between Hermione's legs and ran her finger over the girl’s cunt while licking a stripe up the slick folds of the other girl. Hermione gasped and bucked up into the nimble, calloused fingers that were trailing over her most intimate and pleasurable parts. 

Susan continued to do so for a moment as she focused mainly on eating Harry out. She licked two stripes up the glistening folds of the other girl and then found her entrance. She dove her tongue in immediately and wrung several sharp moans out of the other. She dragged her tongue out of Harry as slowly as she could, making it swirl around as much as she could.

Hermione whined and gasped as the other girl finally breached her entrance with two fingers, which was a comfortable stretch. Susan placed the palm of her hand against Hermione’s clit and let the other girl do the work.

Harry turned to face her best friend and leaned forward, bringing their lips together again. Hermione kissed her as hard as she could while rocking her hips on the fingers inside of her. Pleasure echoed from her clint and cunt as Susan began to remove her fingers just a small bit and then plunge them back into the sticky depths. 

“I’m going to cum,” Harry warned, pulling back from the kiss and mere five minutes later. Susan didn’t move and soon the dark-haired girl tensed up and keened. Her muscles all tightened up at once as she tumbled over the edge of her orgasm.

Hermione whined and began to fuck herself on Susan’s fingers. Soon, she cummed as well and clamped down as hard as she could on the fingers inside of her. 

Susan was kissing Harry like her life depended on it and keened loudly as she orgasmed herself.

The three girls waited for a moment as they rode out the waves of pleasure that had just begun. When they finally finished, Susan pulled her fingers out of Hermione and grasped her wand in her clean hand. She mumbled a cleaning spell and soon all the their juices that had once drenched each other and their cloaks vanished.

“I can’t believe that that happened,” Hermione mumbled. She grabbed her panties and pulled them on quickly, soon followed by her bra. 

Harry yawned and grabbed her own clothing, tossing them on just as messily as she had that morning. “I’m glad that it did. Maybe we should do this more often.”

“Do you really mean that?” Hermione asked as she turned around. She was desperately trying to button up her dress shirt but her hands were still shaking from the force of her orgasm.

“Do I joke about this kind of thing often?” Harry smirked as she tugged her skirt into place.

“While you two would make the cutest couple in this castle, I’m not looking for a romantic relationship at the moment. If you ever want to shag again, I’m game,” Susan beamed as she replaced the clasp on her cloak.

Hermione flushed and replaced her vest. She’d figure all of this out eventually, she told herself as the charms were taken down from their alcove. She smiled and giggled to herself as she sat back down and prepared to continue studying. 

That was the best stupid thing that she had ever said.



WARNINGS: Sexual scenarios, broodmare kink, pregnancy kink, impregnation kink, and feminization


Harry tasted copper in his mouth by the time that his bride got down to the end of the aisle. His hands were clasped tastefully in front of him, gripping the ring in his right hand for that part of the ceremony. He finally allowed the inside flesh of his cheeks to be released from in between his teeth as he was in better control of himself. 

Bellatrix was dressed in a flowing white dress that dripped with lace and beading to show off her family’s money and power. It fit snuggly to her body, slimming down her waist and showing off her sizable cleavage. She had a thick veil over her face as was tradition, pinned to her hair with a small circlet that showed her royal status. 

When they reached the end of the aisle she walked up the few steps so that she was in front of the efficient and turned to face her groom. They stared at each other while the man in between them rambled off whatever nonsense their parents had given him. After what felt like an eternity, Harry was finally prompted to take her hand. She handed her bouquet off to her matron of honor, who also happened to be her more respectable omega sister. 

“With this ring, I thee wed,” he said carefully as he slipped the gorgeous gold ban over her gloved finger. “I will stand by you in sickness and in health till death do us part.” Harry made sure that he kept his face as stoic and uninterested as possible, since he and Bellatrix had supposedly only met the day before.

She turned to her sister and took the ring meant for her groom from him. She took Harry’s hand as it was offered and repeated what the priest told her to say verbatim. Harry felt his heart clench painfully in his chest as he longed for their wedding ceremony to be more intimate and proper, the way that they had wanted it.

“I now pronounce you man and wife,” the priest said. 

Harry leaned forward and carefully lifted the veil off of Bellatrix’s face. He leaned in and pressed his lips to hers for a brief moment before he took her hand and walked her back down the aisle and out of the chapel doors.

He only spoke to her when they reached the safety of the room they had to wait in before their time to leave for their honeymoon. “I hated that so much.”

“I know you did, my love,” she purred, the more dominant side of her personality sliding into place. “But we did have to put on a show for our families. When we get to the island Mummy gave me as an early wedding present I’ll be able to marry you the way that I want to,” she smirked widely as she leaned down and kissed him again.

“Why can’t we just go now? We already married each other in front of everyone and the paperwork was all signed yesterday,” Harry complained as he allowed the other beta to wrap an arm around his waist and bring him in closer.

“We have to put on a show for the people. And don’t you want to receive all of those pretty gifts?” she smirked as she began to kiss a trial up his neck, leaving vague lipstick marks in her wake. “I can’t wait to see you dolled up in an apron in my kitchen.”

“I won’t be seen in the kitchen, that’s what house elves are for,” Harry snorted as he nuzzled into his wife’s touch.

“Well then I can keep you in my room as my broodmare,” she replied promptly.

“It astounds me that you weren’t born an alpha,” he mumbled after a moment. 

“It astounds my parents that I wasn’t born an omega,” she rolled her eyes as she carefully pulled back from him. She shifted around uncomfortably in her wedding dress and then walked over to the two couches in the center of their waiting room.

“Well, I like having you as a beta because it means that you can marry a disappointment like me without either of our families objecting,” Harry said firmly as he sat down across from her.

She cackled behind her hand before she said, “The sole Potter heir, now doomed to be my broodmare.”

“I don’t think I’m doomed,” the beta flushed as he wiggled in his seat to hide his growing arousal.

“Do you like the idea of being so full of my pups that you can’t walk, beta?” she asked, leaning forward as much as she could in the stiff corset-like top of her wedding dress.

“What would you do if I said yes?” he asked, raising a singular eyebrow at her. 

Neither of them got a chance to continue their conversation as their parents bustled in and shepherded them away from their privacy and back into the watchful gaze of their families and the other royalty that had bothered to show up. Harry and Bellatrix were seated at the head of the room, with Bella’s parents on her left and Harry’s on his right. 

Harry watched as his wife fell back into the omega-like behaviour that she pushed when she was in public, sipping wine and picking lightly at her food. Harry himself had to act more dominant than he was really comfortable with, but it was worth it to see the proud looks that he got from his parents- the promise of a good fucking from his wife later on was also a good help.

They made polite conversation with the other Lords and Ladies that wandered over to their table to congratulate the bride and groom. Bellatrix had to stop herself from growling at the couple of people that dared insult her husband since she was still playing the docile housewife.

After a few hours of barely eating anything, the food was taken away and the floor cleared by the house elves so that the dancing could commence. Both betas had to concentrate as hard as they could to not let the wrong person lead, as they had to keep up the facade. Harry danced with his omegan mother and Bellatrix danced with her alpha father. Once the first three traditional dances were out of the way, the other Lord and Ladies began to parade around and dance with each other.

Finally, the night came to a close and the newly married couple was allowed to leave.

Bellatrix turned his back to the crowd and tossed her bouquet behind her to the crowd of attention-starved magical royalty. As soon as she had, she grabbed Harry’s hand and rushed them out of the grand hallway. Once they were outside of the doors, they linked arms and apparated to their honeymoon location. 

Harry beamed as soon as they appeared in their bedroom. He rushed away from his wife and into his closet where they had sent the materials they needed for their plan. He dropped the enchantments that he had placed on his body to make himself seem more masculine and revealed his heaving bosom and curving hips. His cock had been shrunk down a few inches but was still present. He grabbed the wedding dress of the hook and slipped it over his head. He shimmied back and forth for a moment to get the waist down over to bosom and to where it belonged. He quickly did up the back and then grabbed his circlet and veil. 

Bellatrix rushed to hers and changed out of her outfit as quickly as she could. She dropped the enchantments she had on her body one by one as she put on her suit. Her breasts shrunk and her cock elongated into the form that she was much more comfortable with. When she had finished dressing she rushed out of the room and down to where they had set up a small wedding arch.

The entire garden was filled with black and red roses that grew almost above her head. The wedding arch was covered in brilliant golden enchanted roses that had grown over it so heavily that the arch itself was almost impossible to see. The only other person in the garden at that moment was the priest for their second wedding. Bellatrix turned and watched, signaled that her bride was arriving by the enchantment that had begun to play the wedding march.

Harry smiled with a shy blush as he slowly stepped down the aisle. His dress clung tightly to his form, skin tight until it got to the lower half of his hips where it hung loosely down to the floor. The sleeves were a small bit of fabric that hung off of his arms, leaving his shoulders bare. It was made out of a silky material that shimmered and shifted as he gracefully made his way down the aisle. The dress was trimmed with gold and black that had the symbol of his and Bellatrix’s families mixed together as a small symbol of their union. He had a bouquet of golden, black, and red roses from the garden clenched in his hands.

“You look beautiful, my beta,” Bellatrix beamed as she extended a hand to him and he eagerly took it.

“You look handsome,” he ran his lip in between his teeth as arousal stirred in his stomach. 

“I believe the two of you have vows?” the priest said as he cleared his throat. “Mrs. Potter Black,” he nodded to tell her that she should start.

“Harry, we have known each other for as long as I can remember. When we were teenagers we talked about what it was like to be the disappointment of our families since we were born betas. I fell in love with you when we were sixteen and I saw you for who you really were for the first time,” she kept her words short and perfectly chosen. Her madness was well kept in the back of her mind, coming to the forefront another time. “This ring symbolizes how much I love you and how long I will love you for. Until the ring is broken, we will be together.”

Harry beamed so hard that his cheeks began to ache. He felt a red hot heat raise to his cheeks as he flushed with some amount of embarrassment. He began to his own vows, “My entire life, my parents pushed me to act more like an alpha. Everyone at school expected me to be assertive and the leader of the pack, but you showed me that I could be whatever I want. You take control and let me follow along like a lost puppy. I love you for that.”

They exchanged rings again, swearing like they had hours beforehand. Harry was given the ornate golden one and Bellatrix eagerly took the simple silver band. As soon as the priest uttered the words that married them again, the taller beta wrapped her arms around his waist and bent him over. They kissed for a few moments before Harry felt her scoop him up and carry him through the vast rose gardens. 

“I’m going to ravish you,” she promised as she spelled the door open with a few simple words. She dropped her husband down onto the plush bed sheets and crawled on top of him. 

“Have your way with me,” he whispered as he spread himself gracefully on the sheets. His wife did as she was told and quickly removed his dress, leaving him in nothing but his lacey underpants. 

“Look at that glistening cunt, all for me,” she murmured as she tugged the front of the panties down his thick thighs before tossing them off the side of the bed. 

“For you,” he nodded in agreement as the arousal and desperation he felt threatened to consume him. 

Bellatrix pulled back and grinned madly as she slowly undid the buttons of her dress shirt and then tossed it off onto the edge of the bed. She loomed over him for a moment and then brought their lips together in a passionate kiss. Harry rolled his hips up and pressed his achingly hard cock into her stomach, showing the need that he had for her.

“I’m going to take you so hard you won’t be able to walk. You’ll be completely dependent on me,” she grinned as she worked on getting her pants and underwear off. 

Harry sat up with what little room he had and removed his bra, tossing it off to the side. “I thought that would come later when you got me so pregnant that I couldn’t move,” he breathed as his lips ghosted over her scent gland.

“Things can happen twice,” she defended as she grabbed the base of her cock. She stroked it twice and then groaned as she placed her fat, mushroom head to his glistening entrance.

“God, Bella, I need you so badly!” he thrusted his hips down and took an inch of her cock into him for just a moment. 

“You’ll get me,” she promised as she slowly slid into his heat. She leaned down and placed her forehead against his shoulder as she fully slid into him. She let out a low moan and rocked further into him. “So fucking tight, my husband.”

“Maybe you’re just huge,” he joked, panting as he placed a hand on his stomach. He felt so full that he could burst, pleasure coursing through him again and again. 

“I’ve been waiting to fuck you since we first got together. I wish I could have gotten you pregnant back then, shown our parents that we didn’t give a fuck what they thought,” she muttered as she pulled out slowly and then pushed back in. Her thin, wispy black curls pour over her shoulder and eyes as she continues to fuck into her husband.

“Dad would have killed you,” Harry breathed around a moan that erupted through his throat. She was dragging her cock over all of his nerves and every time she quickly thrusted in, she applied pressure to his swollen cock. 

Bella fell silent and licked up his scent gland, taking in the black licorice scent that oozed out of him. She clenched the flesh in between her teeth and bit down hard enough to draw blood and leave a permanent mark. “You’re mine. Always have been, always will be,” she murmured. 

“I’m going to cum!” he warned as the pleasure from being recently mated wove together with the overwhelming feeling of her cock thrusting in and out of him. He clenched down hard around her and felt his balls tighten. White liquid shot out of him and onto his stomach in erratic bursts just as his cunt began to throb with pleasure. 

He whined high and loud as he felt her cock swell inside of him before bursts of cum filled his most intimate places, painting his inner walls white. 

“We’re going to go more,” Bellatrix mumbled as her cock quickly hardened. Harry nodded to her, giving her his consent. She wrapped her arms around his waist and hefted him up so that they were both sitting. His ass was pressed to her thighs while her calves were tucked underneath her. He wrapped his legs around her waist and began to bounce up and down on the fat cock inside of him.

“Mm, Bella!” he mewled as he came down hard and rocked his hips solidly forward. 

“Fuck, Harry,” she swore as her nails dug into the flesh of his hips. She thrust into him to match his bouncing and her cock throbbed again as she pumped more cum into his fertile womb. 

The other beta let out a strangled whine as he leaned down and bit her neck, cementing their mating as he cummed into her stomach and around her cock. He panted for a moment before his wife lifted him off of the bed and turned him around so that he was on his hands and knees.

Bellatrix pulled out of him slowly and then shoved back in. “Listen to that fucking squelch,” she murmured as she repeated the motion. “You’re dripping wet with your slick and my cum.”

“Merlin, God,” Harry whispered as his fingers wrapped around the silky sheets below him. 

“My filthy fucking slut,” she bent over him so that her stomach was pressed to his back and kept fucking him like an animal. Panting moans escaped from the beta beneath her until he was cumming again, collapsing down to the bed while absolutely exhausted. She thrust into him once more and emptied her load deep within him.

“You’re going to be so pregnant,” Bellatrix murmured as she grabbed her wand from the side table and spelled away the slut and cum from the both of them. She smirked and bit her lip as she spelled the cum inside of Harry to stay there so that none of it could escape.

“I hope so,” he whispered as he rolled over and pressed a hand to his stomach. 

“So big,” the dominant beta purred as she rubbed her hand over the swollen belly that her lover held. “Such a good broodmare,” she praised her mate. 

“Just fuck me,” he complained as he spread his legs and revealed his soaking, hot cunt that was just waiting for her cock. “I need you, Bella! Being so pregnant makes me so horny.”

“I’m going to fuck you so well,” she grinned wickedly as she turned him over on the bed. She placed a few pillows beneath and around him so that he could safely and comfortably do this position. “No panties, just waiting for me,” she mumbled as she tugged her pants and boxers down just far enough to reveal her throbbing cock. 

“I can’t move because of your triplets, Bella,” he mewled as his folds slickened even further at the idea of getting fucked while this heavily pregnant. “I just sit in bed all day and think about your huge, throbbing cock!”

Bella slid into him with one full thrust, filling her mate even more than he already was. They fell into an easy rhythm, with Harry rocking back into the steady thrusts of his beta mate.

Harry began to whimper and whine as his orgasm built up in his nether regions, threatening to erupt at any time. “Bella!” he called as his tiny cock twitched against his massive belly, shooting cum over it. 

“Fuck,” she swore as she thrust all the way into him one last time and orgasmed deep inside of him. 

She helped him lay with his back propped against the headboard after spelling away the mess. She pressed a kiss to his baby bump while tucking herself back into her pants. She leaned over and gave her mate a slow, passionate kiss on the mouth. 

“I do love you, you know,” she whispered as she mouthed at the shell of his ear.

“I love you,” he smiled, his hands resting on the top of his swollen stomach. “I’d be happy even if you didn’t.”

“Happy being pregnant?”

“Yes.”

“Good, because I like seeing you pregnant.”



WARNINGS: Sexual scenarios, teenage pregnancy, body transformations, BDSM elements

Ron rolled over on the bed as he felt his lower spine ache and hurt again. He whimpered as the tail sprung forth and ripped at the skin that had been containing it. The nerves that his spin carried down split again as they had to accommodate another limb, causing burning pain to echo throughout his entire body. He bit the pillow below him to muffle his noises of hurt while the new magic hat his body had acquired flicked through him to his new tail, healing his skin and forming new muscles. 

Skin covered the muscles, nerves, and blood vessels that had coated the bone of the tail before the whole thing was covered in shiny silver fur. He admired his body’s handiwork for a moment, a soft smile crossing his face. He adored the idea of being like his brothers and father, even if it meant that he wouldn’t get his mother’s brilliant white wings. After all, having dual inheritance was rarer than someone from a muggle family having an inheritance.

He only got a moment of reprieve before his magic focused on three whisker-like marks on his cheeks, burning them into his flesh. It wrapped around his arms like a thick vine before moving to his back, creating intricate kanji that would tell what his powers and abilities would end up being. 

He lied down on the bed and wrapped himself in the thick quilts his mother had made him for his thirteenth birthday. He sobbed into the pillow until he fell asleep, the pain sticking around like an ache.

When he finally woke up, the tail and the markings had gone for the time being. Instead of at the end of his spine, the crippling pain had taken up residence in his shoulder places. He nearly wretched in pain as he writhed over the bed, laying every way that didn’t involve his back being touched by the soft sheets that felt like sandpaper. 

He grunted once in pain as the pain gradually made its way to the peak and then another form of bones ripped through his skin, freeing the new appendages. “What?” he asked himself in a small voice as he felt a different, purer, kind of magic flow through him to cover the skeletal bones in a featherlight muscle mass and skin. Feathers blossomed from the itching skin a moment later, covering his new wings in an angelic glow. 

He fell asleep again, this time from both the shock and the pain. His body knocked him out for more than a day as it tried to adjust to the newly formed magic and appendages that he had been given.

When he woke, all he knew was that he needed to find his dominant. He could smell the dark, musky scent of his soulmate and soon-to-be lover but he couldn’t reach him. 

Harry stared up at the wooden beams that lay across the ceiling of his gifted bedroom. He rolled to the side and roared in pain as his shoulder blades ached with no mercy. His hands grasped at the blanket below him as his skin stretched until it broke, allowing the bones that had been growing underneath his skin for days to break free of his prison. They spread out to their full length, extending into nearly half of the room as they stretched. The teenager could feel a new magic worming its way underneath his skin from somewhere deep inside of him. The wings protruding to his back flared with feeling as the leather spread over them, grasping at the bones and connecting them with a specialized webbing.

He gasped and sat up on the bed, his eyes staring hazily down at all the blood that was seeping into the sheets. His fingers extended with talons as scales began to form over his body in varying patches. In a year or two, he would be able to find a full dragon form once he had handled his inheritance form. 

Harry collapsed down to the bed and slept for a day until he felt a surge of magic that made him shoot awake. His wings, scales, and talons had disappeared from the night before. The pain that had come for days beforehand was replaced with an itching sensation as magic crawled through him and his mind flooded with ideas and thoughts about what he could do with this new found power. 

His skin tinged a light green color and he felt weightless, his jinn form showing. The form was less imposing than the half-dragon form that he had completed the day before, but he knew that it would be terrifying once he was finally able to complete the whole form instead of just going halfway.

The teenager slept for another two days as his body healed itself and got used to the two new kinds of magic that were swirling within him. 

He awoke when the sunlight streaming in from the windows alerted him to the morning. He sat up and shaked himself off, allowing his two forms to merge together in a menacing display of raw power. He sniffed the air and smelled a light, hazy scent that he wanted to devour. Whoever was releasing that scent, they were meant to be his and he would find them.

The Dragon-Jinn made his way through the small house quickly, dropping through the floor of his bedroom into the one below him where the heavenly smell was coming from. The Angel-kitsune rolled over and chirped for him, tail lashing behind him on the bed to show his need. 

“Mine,” was all Harry could say as he surged forward and took the lips of his best friend. Neither of them were in their right minds, but they both wanted this more than anything. They were destined to be with one another. 

“Yours,” Ron agreed with a firm nod of his head. He pulled away from his lover and flipped over so that his shoulders and head were pushed into the bed while his knees propped his ass into the air. He spread his legs so that his ass was fully on display and whipped his tail around to try and entice his soulmate closer. 

“Good little slut,” Harry murmured as he moved forward. He gently trailed his hands over the naked form of the submissive, taking in everything that belonged to him as his right. He smirked wildly when he caught sight of the cunt that had formed where his balls once were, nestled like a hidden surprise. The dragon-jinn ran his hands over the bulbous ass and then pressed his thumb into the pretty folds waiting for him to fuck. 

“Oh,” Ron whined as he tried to push himself back onto the finger for pleasure.

“Wait, my little slut,” Harry murmured. The kitsune-angel beneath him reacted to the words with a small whimper and a gush of slick that pooled down his thighs. “So eager for me.”

“Yes, eager for you,” Ron nodded needily as his claws ripped through the sheets and the mattress beneath them.

Harry sat down on the edge of the bed and pulled his submissive onto his lap with both hands on his hips. He pressed their lips together in a passionate, needy kiss. He held his lover’s back to support him as his other hand roamed over the back of his head and his cheek. Ron tossed his arms around his dominant’s shoulders and kissed back with needy whines escaping from him every now and again. 

He rubbed his soaked pussy against the legs of the dragon-jinn, making sure to avoid the patch of scales that cut into the flesh of his ass. His hands wove into the dark, messy hair of the man underneath him. 

“Please, I need you,” he whispered when they finally pulled back from the kiss. He reached down and carefully took one of the cocks into his hand and stroked it, making sure to keep his claws out of the way.

“You’re so eager to have me inside you?” Harry asked, his voice low and gruff. Smoke curled out of the corners of his mouth as the fires inside of him roared with arousal.

“Yes. Need you, need your kits,” he whispered, the words flowing out of him as if he were a broken faucet. “Need your cocks inside of me, filling me up, giving me babies to make you happy. Wanna make you happy, wanna be a good vixen.”

“You will be,” he hissed as he moved the hips of his lover up. He held Ron a few inches above his massive cocks, stroking the one that his lover didn’t already have in his hand. He placed the tip at the head of his soulmate and then dropped the crossbreed down onto him. 

Ron called out in pleasure, throwing his head back as he took the entire length into him like it was made for him, which it was. He whimpered with pleasure and rotated his hips in a firm circle. “Not enough, need more,” he whispered.

“Of course you do, you dirty, filthy slut,” Harry whispered into his ear. He held the submissive’s hips as he brought him up a few inches and then dropped him back down on his cock.

“Your slut, for you,” Ron mewled as pleasure coursed through his body. Harry continued to the motion as he spoke dirty words into his ears. Ron soaked his cock, spreading slick all over his thighs and the submissive’s. 

“You need me badly, don’t you?” Harry asked as he removed the hand from around his cock and removed his first member from inside of his submissive.

“Yes,” Ron sobbed, his cunt aching with the need to cum and the arousal he carried for his dominant. Harry switched their positions so that Ron was on the bed and then tipped him over. The heavenly being beneath him spread out his feathery wings against the remnants of the sheets. 

Harry grabbed one of his legs and wrapped it around his waist while the other he held in one of his hands. With his free hand, he grasped at one of his cock and slowly pushed the head into his soulmate. He grasped at the other one when he was sure his first member was inside the hybrid enough that it wouldn’t slip out. He pressed the second head into him and slowly began to thrust into him until both of his cocks were buried deep within him.

“Oh!” the submissive mewled loudly as he wrapped his legs further around the dominant above him. “So good, feels so full,” he whispered. 

Harry pulled his cocks out a small bit and then shoved back in, filling his submissive. Ron mewled and tossed his head back against the mattress as pleasure flowed through him into every fiber of his being. 

Harry leaned down as he continued his frenzied thrusts and connected their lips together again. The kiss moved into an open mouth clashing of teeth before their tongues wound together intimately. 

“I’m going to cum,” Ron warned as he got closer and closer to his orgasm. Harry only grunted, continuing his thrusts into the submissive. His hips stuttered to a halt as he unleashed his load deep inside of his soulmate. Ron whined and clamped down around him, orgasming harder than he had in his entire life. 

Harry began to nip at his neck, where his scent gland rested nestled under the flesh. He bit down on it just as the knots swelled on his twin cocks. He pressed them into the throbbing, warm cunt of his lover to keep them together even after their intimate moment.

They stayed pressed together for nearly five minutes as they came down from their change-frenzied high.

“You’re my soulmate?” Ron breathed when his mind finally sorted itself out.

“I guess I am,” Harry replied as a bright blush formed on his face. “Are you okay with that?”

“Of course I am! You’re my best mate and now I get to spend the rest of my life with you,” the submissive beamed and pressed a kiss to the bespectacled dominant’s nose. 

“And our children,” Harry teased as he pressed his hand to the lower area of his soulmate’s stomach. “How many do you think we’re going to have?”

“I’ll be able to tell you in the morning. But since I’m a kitsune we’re going to have a litter,” he giggled. “I just hope they’re not eggs,” he poked the leathery wings on his friend’s back.

Harry smiled and nuzzled against the ginger, a feeling of rightness settling over them both. They were ecstatic to be starting a family with each other, but for now they needed to sleep and recover.



WARNINGS: Highly sexual scenarios, implied eating disorder, and self-imposed body shame

Sorry if I didn't write this kink quite right. I've never dealt with this kind of thing before, but I hope that I did it okay! Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3

Ron scowled as he caught sight of himself when he passed by the mirror. He stopped and backed up so that he could see himself a bit better and let out an audible scoff. 

His face had always been round, something that he picked up from his mother, but over time he seemed to have gotten even rounder. His cheeks puffed out slightly and there was definitely more weight on his neck and upper shoulders. His shirt wrapped around him a bit tighter and his belt strained on the last hole of the leather. His pants were clenched tightly around his large thighs and only loosened slightly when they got down to his calves.

“How many people have seen me like this and not said anything?” he asked his reflection as he continued to look up and down his form.

“Is something wrong, love?” Hermione asked as she came out of the bathroom. Both of her hands were underneath her bushy locks, trying to get her second earring through the piercing hole. 

“No, nothing,” he replied as he shook his head. He grabbed a jacket out of the closet and put it on over his dress shirt. The orange color wasn’t at all flattering, but it was something that went with the job that his brother had so graciously given him while the ministry worked out whether it was allowed to have the husband of the Minister for Magic working in their offices. 

“If you say so,” she chuckled as she finished with her earring. She slipped her arms around his thicker waist and let out a contented sigh as she placed her chin on his shoulder. She looked at them both in the mirror for a moment before she turned her head to the side and pecked her husband’s cheek. “I hope you have a good day at work. I should be home in time for dinner tonight.”

“Good. I was thinking about making Mum’s curry,” he mused as she turned and pressed his lips to hers in a chaste kiss. 

“That sounds wonderful. Be safe,” she pressed another quick kiss to his lips before she drifted through the house to get her bag of things. A moment later, a popping sound rang through the house as she apparated into work. 

Ron checked that he had all of his things and then did the same. As soon as he was in the shop, he tried to distract himself from the image he had seen in the mirror. It kept coming back to haunt him and made him self-conscious as he rang up customers and stocked shelves. 

“Nice work today,” George smiled at him as he locked the door behind the last young student getting ‘supplies’ for their new school year.

“Thanks. See you tomorrow,” Ron smiled tightly and apparated back home. He drifted around the kitchen as he made dinner, his thoughts focused on when he had gained so much weight and how he hadn’t noticed until now. 

“I’m home!” Hermione called as she popped into their entrywar. “Mm, smells delicious,” she praised as she pecked his cheek. 

“I would hope so. Nothing that my mother creates can taste bad. Even if George is the one cooking,” he chuckled as he turned around and wrapped his wife up in a hug. 

“You’re a wonderful cook. And it’s not your brother's fault that he married before he had a chance to learn how to be a bachelor,” she chuckled as she pressed their foreheads together for a moment. “Now, I’m going to go take a quick shower and then I’ll be down for dinner.”

“The rice hasn’t finished cooking anyway,” he nodded.

She disappeared upstairs for around five minutes and then came back down with her wild hair tucked back into a braid to keep it out of her face. “Today felt so long,” she complained as she sat at the table. Ron placed a bowl of white rice and curry in front of her and then sat down with his much smaller portion.

They drifted off into their daily conversation as they ate, and then it drifted into the kitchen as Hermione helped her husband put the food away and get the dishwashing spell going. They spent nearly half an hour reading and cuddling together on the couch before they finally retired to bed. 

Hermione stared at her husband’s sleeping face as she felt drowsiness creep from the back of her mind and wrap around her. She closed her eyes and let herself drift off into nothingness.

 

She was on her knees while her lover sat on the edge of the bed. She let her hands wander over the pale, malleable flesh of his thighs. She leaned down and bit at it, leaving love-bites and bruises in her wake. Hermione gasped as she heard the moans that her actions wrung out of her lover. She moved up and grasped at his cock that was nearly hidden underneath the chub of his stomach. Her hands wandered up from his thighs and to his stomach, massaging the belly with eager adoration.

“Hermione,” he whispered, leaning back on his elbows to support himself in an upright position.

“I wanna suck you off,” she announced suddenly as her hands drifted back to his massive thighs.

“Yeah, okay,” he nodded, keeping his eyes clenched shut in the way that he did when he was painfully aroused. 

The woman leaned forward quickly and took him into her mouth, one inch at a time. The cock rested heavy on her tongue as she sucked hard around him and swallowed. She bobbed her head back and released the member from her mouth, rubbing the bottom with her thumb and pointer finger. She licked up the base, making sure to rub her tongue around the vein that wobbled up from his balls. 

“Hermione,” Ron whispered as he let his hand fall into her hair and pushed her down a small bit. 

She took the head of his cock back into her mouth and licked over the tip, relishing in the taste of the precum as it flooded over her mouth. She took another inch into her mouth and sucked as hard as she could before she brought her head back up. She ran her tongue over the head again and pressed her tongue through the slit to chase after the taste. She mewled as she took the entire cock back into her mouth and felt the chub of her lover’s stomach press against her head. 

“Mione,” Ron whispered, pulling her head off of him and looking down at her over his belly. “Want you on me.”

“Yes please,” she whispered as she got off her knees and slid onto his lap. She wrapped her hand around his cock and pumped it twice as she raised her hips up. She positioned his cock at her entrance and sank down quickly, letting his cock fill her.

She moaned and tossed her head back in pleasure as she felt the size of his stomach rubbing against her own while she bounced. Pleasure ran through her body as she rocked her hips back and forth to reach all of the sensitive places deep inside of her. Her hands roamed all over her lover’s plump form, squeezing the mounds of flesh that clung to him.

She tightened around his cock and was moments away from cumming.

 

Hermione blinked as she woke up. She sat up on the bed and shifted her legs, feeling the dripping wetness in between her legs. She glanced over to her husband and bit her lip as the sense of arousal from her dream returned with a vengeance. 

Ron slowly began eating less and less in his attempt to lose weight. He would skip lunch and have a small breakfast and an even smaller dinner. He began to shed off the pounds that he had gained and a few that had been with him since his teenage years. Hermione noticed as soon as his normal chub was gone and chose to address it before he could lose so much weight that he turned skeletal.

“Love, can we talk?” she asked as she wandered into the living room.

“Sure. About what?” Ron asked as he looked up from his book to his wife. 

“Your weight,” She blurted as she sat down in the chair next to him.

“I thought I had lost it quick enough that you didn’t notice. I’m sorry, I know I’m a slob,” he panicked, shutting his book and setting it down on the table.

“No, no!” she quickly rushed as her hand darted out and grabbed his. She rubbed her thumb over her knuckles and sighed. “That was a bad way to phrase it. I just noticed that you’ve lost almost twenty pounds in a few weeks. That’s not really healthy.”

“I didn’t think that you would have liked me with the weight,” he admitted as a sheepish blush danced over his cheeks.

“I’m your wife. I love you for who you are on the inside, not what your body looks like. I would be with you if you were so large you couldn’t leave the house or so thin and frail that you couldn’t move. I love you,” she said earnestly. 

“You don’t mean that,” he shook his head. 

“I liked you chub,” she flushed, darting her eyes away from him.

“Really?”

“Yes, really!” she squeaked. “When I first noticed that you were getting larger I started to have wet dreams about you…”

“You didn’t have wet dreams about me before?” he asked as his normal attitude slipped back into place. 

“I did, you know what I mean,” she swatted his knee. “I really liked the idea of getting to kiss and bite your thighs when they were big and…” she trailed off, crossing her legs as she felt arousal begin to leak from her.

“Really? You actually like the idea of me being bigger?” Ron asked, raising his eyebrows at her again.

“Yes,” she nodded. “So you should eat as much as you want and don’t worry about what I think. Because you will always be beautiful and larger you is really sexy.”

A few months later, Ron had put back on the weight that he had lost during his not-eating stint. Hermione could barely keep her hands off of her husband and loved to touch all over his body whenever they were intimate with each other. 

They were currently cuddled up on the couch, watching a movie on the TV that she had just bought. She hummed for a moment before she said, “Do you think that we could try something new?”

“What, for dinner?” Ron asked as he sat up and looked at her. 

“No, I meant sexually,” she flushed. 

“Aren’t we already trying something new with the chub?” he teased.

“But I want to build onto that.”

“How?”

“Well,” she paused as her cheeks grew to an even darker shade of red. “I know that you’re normally the dominant one in the bedroom since I have to boss people around so much at work, but what if we swapped roles?” she asked hopefully.

“Like, you were dominant? That shouldn’t be too difficult,” Ron shrugged.

“I was thinking something a little more extreme than that. More along the lines of me shagging you instead of you shagging me,” she explained. 

“I suggested something like that with Lavender when we were together but she seemed so weirded out by it that I kind of thought I was a freak for even thinking about it,” Ron nodded eagerly.

“You're not a freak, she was just vanilla,” Hermione rolled her eyes at the mention of the eccentric girl. “Do you want to try it tonight?”

“Yes,” he admitted after a moment. 

Hermione stood up off the couch and leaned over him. She used her hand to tilt his chin up and kissed him sweetly, moving her lips in a painstakingly familiar rhythm. She pulled back after a while and grabbed his hand, slowly pulling him towards their bedroom. 

Once they were there she let him derobe and get comfortable on the bed as she found one of their dildos and magicked it into a strap-on. She flicked her wand over her husband as well, cleaning him out so that they could skip to the fun part. 

“Do you want me to prepare you with magic or my hands?” she asked, reaching for the lube that they kept just in case in their sex toys drawer. 

“I think I want you to do it, Mione,” he replied as he ran a hand over his plump thighs. 

She crawled onto the bed with the dildo swinging between her legs and brushing against the bed with the length. Ron flipped over to his side and spread his legs for her so that she could get to work. Hermione spread the lube over the fingers of her right hand and pressed the palm of her hand against the supple flesh of her husband’s ass. 

Ron hissed in anticipation and desperately tried to relax as she pressed the first finger into him as slowly as possible. She stayed there for a while, letting him adjust to the unusual stretch before she continued. She slowly dragged it out of him and then pressed back in just as slowly. She repeated the process over and over again until she was sure that her husband could take more and pressed her second finger into him.

“Hermione, please,” Ron begged, spreading his legs a bit differently in a way that made the flesh swing and bounce with movement. She moaned and rutted against the bed, the straps from the fake cock in between her legs pressing right against her clit. She pumped two of her fingers in and out of him as quickly as she could, stopping once before she inserted the third and curving them for added pleasure. 

When all three fingers were buried deep within her husband, he began to push himself back against her hand. She removed her fingers and wiped them on the bed before she spread lube over the fake cock. 

“Wait,” he mumbled just as she had gotten it lined up with his fucked entrance. He moved so that he was on his hands and knees and then looked down at her from between his legs. Hermione pressed the dildo into his entrance and moaned as her clit was stimulated just a bit. 

“Holy shit, that feels better than I could have ever imagined,” Ron whispered as he pressed back into the toy inside of him.

“Mm, good boy,” she whispered as she rocked her hips forward once. She slowly took the dildo out of him and then pressed in, giving herself pleasure as well as him. “My good, big boy,” she murmured.

Her thrusts picked up as she heard her husband moaning loudly into his forearms. He had fallen onto his elbows and was pressing his forehead on his hands. 

“So good,” she whispered as she began to fuck into him faster than before and nearly as hard as she could. She would rock down every time she took the cock out of him, getting pleasure from the straps on her clit and from watching his belly swing with the forces of her thrusts. 

“Mm,” Ron whined as he moved a hand down and gripped his cock. He began to pump at his member every time she thrust into him, both of them falling into a pleasurable pattern.

“So big and plump and beautiful for me,” she whispered into his ear as she felt her orgasm build up in every inch of her cunt. 

“Ah! Mione!” Ron whined as his ass clenched around the dildo in his ass and then orgasmed onto his hand and the bed. 

Hermione whined and grabbed two handfuls of his ass before her entire body tightened. Pleasure washed over her and let her muscles relax as she rode out her orgasm.

“That was just as much fun as I thought it would be,” Ron whispered as he collapsed down onto the bed. 

“Do you want to be magically cleaned up or have a shower?” Hermione asked as she pulled out of him. She removed the strap-on and used her magic to clean it off. 

“I don’t think I’m going to be able to walk for hours,” he shook his head. Hermione nodded and spelled him and the sheets clean. She got off the bed and disappeared in the bathroom to take a shower before she returned back and cuddled up next to him underneath the covers.

“Maybe we should try that again when my belly is big enough to brush against the covers,” Ron suggested after a moment of silence. 

Hermione felt another rush of arousal echo through her as she grabbed his face and kissed him.



WARNINGS: Explicit sexual content, pregnancy, birth, misogyny, and graphic birth scene

A few blankets fell off of the massive pile in his arms, scattering across the hall floor as he carried them from the storage closet to the master bedroom. He dumped the pillows and blankets onto the floor next to the bed and then quickly got to work as he let his instincts guide him. 

He grabbed the huge winter comforters first and began to pull them into a circle on top of the huge mattress that was bare with the exception of their softest cotton sheet. When he had finished getting the walls set up, he covered them with wool blankets that would be too uncomfortable to put on the inside of the nest. He layered some of the more uncomfortable or older pillows next and then began to place down the heavy winter quilts and thicker but comfortable blankets over the walls and across the base. When he had finished with that, he covered the entire nest with the softest blankets and pillows that he could find. He grabbed a few shirts and hoodies that his alpha had left when he sat that he was getting close to his heat. He tucked them over some of the pillows and laid them close around him.

“Ron? We’re home,” Harry called after the popping from his and Draco’s apparition into their home. 

The omega sat up in his bed and chirped eagerly as his body began to heat steadily. 

“Hello love,” Draco murmured as he walked in. He opened their bedroom closet and put away his shoes before he began to remove his dress shirt. 

“Can you scent this?” Ron asked excitedly, holding two of his favorite blankets out to his mates.

“What kind of alphas would we be if we said no?” Harry beamed as he took the blanket and rubbed it against his neck while releasing his black licorice scent. 

“Have you gotten all of the food for the week prepared or should I contact your mother to have her put some quick meals in the fridge?” Draco asked as he handed back the blanket that he had scented.

“I’m a good omega, I made food,” he whined as he tucked them into the proper place. 

“I wouldn’t doubt that you’re a good omega. I just don’t want you to go hungry if this heat hit you as fast as the one last year did,” Draco soothed as he silently asked to be let into the nest.

“We don’t want you to go hungry,” Harry murmured as he and the other alpha carefully climbed over the walls of the nest and slid into place beside their omega mate. 

“I was good,” he murmured as he pressed his nose into Draco’s scent gland to try and get at the coconut smell he was so fond of. 

“You’re always good. You can do no wrong,” Draco murmured as his hands began to trail up and down his lover’s hips. “We love you so much.”

“I love you, alphas,” Ron whispered as he felt Harry wrap his arms around his waist and press into him. 

They fell asleep cuddled together for some time, until Ron’s heat fully hit an hour or so later. In his sleep he had been growing more and more feverish until his body spiked and his heat collapsed down on him. He whined and pressed back into Harry, trying to get some pleasure as slick began to gush out of him in rhythmic bursts. “Alpha!” he called desperately. 

“Harry, wake up,” Draco said as he reached over his omega to shake awake his other lover. As soon as Harry showed signs of stirring, the blond alpha focused completely on their shared mate. 

“How do you want this to happen, love?” he asked softly as he began to gently remove the omega’s clothing.

“I want you in me,” he whined as tears formed in his bright eyes. “I need you, alpha please!” 

“You’ll get me. Do you want Harry in your mouth or just watching?” Draco asked as he removed his pants and boxers, tossing them down to the ground below. 

“Mouth,” Ron whispered as he grasped at Draco’s dick. 

The blond alpha lost any coherency that he had been holding onto and pinned the omega down to the bed. He grasped both of his wrists with one hand and then led his dick to the glistening folds of his lover. He thrust in once and submerged his cock fully inside of the omega underneath him.

“Share,” Harry whispered as he removed the other alpha’s hands from Ron’s wrists and flipped their omega over. Draco growled slightly at him until he was silenced with a kiss as Harry hadn’t quite fully been taken by his own rut. 

Beneath him, Ron mewled and kept pressing back onto his cock as his hands tried to undo the zipper that was keeping him from his other mate’s cock. Harry pulled back and quickly removed his jeans and boxers, leaving his cock fully exposed. 

Harry rubbed the base with one hand as he lifted their wreaked omega’s face up a bit so that Ron could take him into his mouth. The alpha moaned, low and deep in his chest, as he felt a tongue lick all the way up the base of his cock. He groaned and bit his lip as the omega pressed his tongue to the head and then began to take it in inch by inch.

Behind him, Draco slowly dragged his cock out of the omega and then pressed in while making sure to rub up against all of the nerves that he knew his omega liked. “Good omega,” he growled as he gripped the hips of the redhead between his hands, keeping him in the prime location. He began to fuck into him as quick and hard as he had, needing to cum inside of him to claim him as his. 

“Good,” Harry whispered to their omega as Ron began to bob his head, drool leaking down his face and the cock in his mouth. The black haired alpha grunted after a moment and thrust his cock all the way into their omegas mouth before he cummed. Some of the cum spilled out with the drool falling down his face, but Ron dutifully swallowed around the now flaccid cock as he slowly pulled off of it. 

“Good job,” Harry whispered as he made an attempt to wipe off the cum with his finger and just succeeded in smearing it over his face. 

Draco growled darkly as he kept thrusting, and soon he cummed inside of the omega. Ron gasped at the feeling of the white liquid filling his fertile womb, and quickly clamped down around his alpha. “Oh,” he whined lowly as he orgasmed hard with just the thought of getting impregnated from this. 

“Don’t know him,” Harry growled as he pulled their omega up into a sitting position. “I want to be in him too.”

“Please,” Ron nodded as slick began to leak out of him again, dribbling down his thighs despite his body keeping the cum from Draco deep inside of him. 

“Wanna suck him off?” Harry asked as he grabbed the base of his now hard cock and pressed into the omega slowly. 

“Yes! Want both my alphas to feel nice,” he nodded quickly. “Need to, please,” he whispered. 

When the omega was pressed against Harry’s lap with his cock deep inside of the redhead’s womb, Harry pressed on his back so that he bent over and got closer to Draco. The blond alpha’s cock was hard as it bounced closer to the omega's face with the alpha’s hurried movements. 

“Go on, take him into your mouth,” Harry coaxed as he began to move his hips into circles to pleasure his omega’s cunt. 

Ron did as he was told, since he didn’t have much choice in his heat. He licked the tip a few times before he strayed to just underneath the head and then continued until he reached the base. He pressed his tongue flat and licked all the way up the vein that ran up the base of his cock. He took the entire thing into his mouth and flatted his tongue so that he could deep-throat his mate. When he had finished, he swallowed around the member a few times before sucking slowly as he removed it from his mouth. 

He had just gotten the tip back into his mouth when his alpha exploded, sending white stripes into the back of his throat. Ron swallowed the salty material easily and then licked his lips when he removed Draco’s cock from his mouth.

Behind him, Harry had been working steadily at pleasing the omega while Ron sucked Draco off. He rotated his hips in careful circles for nearly a minute before he slowly pulled his cock out of the omega and then shoved back in. He continued the process until he was on the brink of his orgasm, and then began to furiously thrust into him. He had fully submerged his cock into the omega and began to paint his walls white with his cum. 

Ron whined happily and clamped down around the cock inside of him as he orgasmed around it. Harry shoved his knot into the omega’s cunt and relaxed as he felt his mate’s cold spell taking over the three of them. 

“Are you alright? I know we were a little harsher than normal,” Draco asked worriedly as he grabbed two water bottles and a rag from their drawer beside their bed. He handed one bottle to Harry and used the other to get the rag slightly damp.

“Not as bad as the time you both took me at once. I couldn’t even sit for three days after that,” he murmured as Draco rubbed the wet rag over his face to remove the cum from his lips.

“Do you think that it’ll take this time?” Harry asked hopefully as his hands rubbed over the omega’s body. He had opened the water bottle in his hands and was getting Ron to take small sips.

“I hope so,” the omega grinned madly and leaned back into his mates. “I really, really hope so.”

The first of his pregnancy signs started a mere week after his heat had ended. Normally, he would take down his nest and wash everything before he put it where it belonged. He no longer needed it as his body wasn’t in any kind of danger and he knew he was safe. However, as he went about his yearly routine, he found a kind of panic building up inside of his chest. 

He whimpered as he rubbed his fingers over the blanket that Harry had scented, the last one to go in the wash.

“Love? Are you alright?” Harry asked as he walked closer to his omega. “You smell distressed.”

“I want my nest,” he blurted, the realization hitting him at the same time that he said it out loud.

“Okay, then we can get your nest back up as soon as everything is washed,” Harry said softly as he rubbed the omega’s arms to try and calm him down. He wrapped his arms around his mate and brought him in for a hug. Ron melted into his arm and let out a small chirp as he turned his head to the side, exposing his neck to one of his mates. Harry released his growl-like purr and rubbed their necks together slowly as he covered the omega in his scent.

“You okay?” Harry asked quietly when they pulled away.

“I feel better now. I still want to put the nest back up,” Ron nodded.

“Do you think it’s from the stress?” Harry asked, his thumb nervously running over his husband’s knuckles as he spoke. 

“Maybe,” he shrugged. The voice in the back of his head told him that there was probably something else, but he didn’t want to believe that his last heat had taken just in case it hadn’t. 

Harry helped him get his nest back in order and set out a couple of blankets for Draco to scent when they got home. The omega felt the panic slip away when he finally had the nest settled back into place over the bed. He was safe here. 

The second of the pregnancy symptoms came with the third and fourth. He woke up three mornings in a row feeling nauseous before he finally spilled his guts into the toilet on the fourth. The alphas were there in a moment, giving him water and rubbing his back as they supported him. The morning sickness happened once every morning, but it happened every morning regardless of which remedies from his mother he tried. 

Along with the obnoxious sickness, he became bloated around his lower stomach. He tried the normal remedies to try and clean himself out as he originally thought that it was constipation before coming to the conclusion that he was just going to have a stronger menstruation cycle than normal. 

The fourth symptom was what really clued him in, since he hadn’t skipped a period since he had started having them at thirteen. He was staring at the calendar for a few moments, counting four weeks and then twenty eight days from the last little red dot. By all means, he should have started two weeks ago.

The omega held back an excited squeak as he rushed through the house and grabbed his wand. He cast the small charm after he had grabbed the necklace that went along with it. Just like his mother had told him it would when he got married, the charm at the bottom began to orbit in small circles. 

“I’m pregnant,” he gasped excitedly as he clutched the necklace tighter in his hands and watched it spin. “I’m going to have a baby!”

He bounced up and down a few times after getting up from the lying position on the couch. He quickly tucked his wand into his pocket and returned the necklace to his jewelry box as he began to get dinner ready. 

Thoughts flew through his mind as he tried to figure out how he was going to tell his alphas, until he finally settled on just telling them outright. He didn’t doubt that they would be smart enough to realize it through some clever pun, he just wasn’t sure that he could keep the news quite long enough to do something like that. 

“Someone’s happy,” Draco chuckled as he walked into the kitchen when he and Harry arrived home from work.

“I have some amazing news,” he beamed brightly as he turned around and hugged his mate.

“You do?” Harry asked as he walked into the kitchen as well.

The omega smiled even wider as he saw both of his alphas standing there. “I’m pregnant! The heat took,” he grinned as he bounced on the balls of his feet. 

“Oh Merlin,” Draco whispered, his eyes going wide as he placed a hand on his forehead. 

“Are you really?” Harry asked as he surged forward and grabbed his lover’s hands in his. 

“I am!” he smiled, though it was slightly less as panic overcame him. Draco didn’t seem to be too happy with the revelation about the addition to their family. 

“This is amazing!” Harry beamed as he rushed forward and wrapped his mate up in a hug. 

As soon as they separated, Draco surged forward. He placed both of his hands on Ron’s cheeks and nearly forced him into a passionate kiss. Soon, his arms were wrapped around the omega’s waist as they continued to make out in the middle of the kitchen.

“Does this mean that you’re happy?” Ron asked quietly.

“So happy,” he nodded. “This is amazing. We’re going to be parents.”

“I feel like I’m never going to be truly awake ever again,” Ron complained as he lifted himself off of the couch to try and finish up his chores for the day.

“Sit down, Draco and I managed to figure out the charm,” Harry said as he walked closer to his mate. He leaned over and pressed a few kisses to his neck as a low purr began to resonate in his chest. 

“I don’t like making the two of you do an omega’s job,” he complained as the black-haired alpha steered him back to the couch where he had been sitting moments before.

“You’re tired,” Harry shrugged. “And I don’t believe any of that stuff about omegas having different jobs to do than alphas. You’re a human and the only reason that you do the stuff around the house is because you like it. You know Draco and I would take over all of it if you so much as mentioned a problem off-handedly,” he rambled.

Ron collapsed back down onto the couch and placed his hand on his already swollen belly. He was only a couple months along, but the fact that they were expecting three pups instead of one was causing him to expand at a more rapid rate. 

Harry fell to the ground between his legs and wrapped his arms around his mate’s waist. He kissed the belly where Ron’s hands weren’t holding it and began to purr even louder.

“He likes to spoil you,” Draco chuckled as he walked out of the laundry room and sat down next to the omega. His hand landed on top of the redhead’s and he wove his fingers with the omega’s. 

“I’m not going to pretend like I don’t like to be spoiled,” he flushed. “I could have ended up with an asshole that barely did anything for me during my pregnancy and instead I got the two of you.”

“I would never do anything to you during your pregnancy. You’re creating life and that’s the most amazing thing in the world,” Draco murmured as he pressed his forehead to Ron’s.

“Three lives,” Harry beamed as he brought his attention away from the bump for just a moment. 

“Don’t remind me. My hips and ankles ache all the time,” he complained with a small role of his eyes.

“Do you want to go to the nest so that I can massage them?” Draco asked worriedly as his other hand began to rub Ron’s shoulder.

“Maybe later tonight, but I’m okay right now,” the omega replied softly. He let out a gentle croon and leaned his head against the alpha’s chest. Within moments, he had fallen deeply asleep.

The small droplets of sunlight cascaded down from the blinds and onto the bed, reminding the omega that he hadn’t been able to get to sleep since the middle of the night. He huffed and grabbed a pillow from another part of the nest to try and place it somewhere that might actually help him. He ran a hand over his bump, now close to six months pregnant with his three babies. 

“Are you okay?” Harry asked, his voice slurred and sleepy as one of his arms looped over Ron’s hips to touch his stomach as well.

“Your pups are keeping me awake with how uncomfortable I am,” he complained weakly. 

“Do you want me to go get the balm Molly dropped off last week?” Harry asked with a small yawn.

Ron paused for a bit and thought before he answered, “No. Just stay here with me?”

“Yeah, of course. Draco has the early shift so he should be up soon,” the dark haired alpha mumbled as he pressed his nose into his omega’s scent gland. He rubbed soothing circles into the large belly his lover sported as he tried his best to help. 

They laid there for a moment before a fluttering feeling grazed over Harry’s palm. “What was that?” he asked, sitting upright as he was a thousand times more awake than he had been.

“I-I think one of the babies just moved enough to be felt on the outside,” he whispered. It had been a while since he had felt one of the triplets wiggle around to rearrange himself but no one had been able to feel them on the outside. 

“Really?” the alpha asked excitedly. He nudged Draco over and as he got onto the other side of the omega and began to rub over his belly. “Hi babies,” he said excitedly as he began to rub his hands over the stomach. The alpha let out an excited bark of laughter as he felt another one of the fluttering sensations graze over his hand.

“What are you doing? It’s five in the morning,” Draco complained as he got up and glared at the other alpha.

“Ron was having trouble sleeping and then the babies started moving,” Harry explained.

Draco blinked for a few minutes before he joined the other alpha bent over the belly, nuzzling against it. He let out an almost omega squeal as he felt the movement of one of his children against his hand.

“You’re riling them up,” Ron complained, though there was no real malice to his tone.

“You’re so amazing. You’re giving us something so wonderful and precious,” Draco murmured as he moved up on the bed and pressed his forehead against Ron’s. “You could have worked and gotten rich and famous and instead you chose to mate us and give us these wonderful little ones.”

“I could have still worked as your mate, I just didn’t think that I would find any work and I thought that I would do more here,” he flushed at the praise.

“I love you so much,” Draco whispered.

Ron glanced over to the counter as he put the dishes from breakfast into the sink so that the washing spell could take effect and set them out to dry. He cursed as he saw that Draco had left his lunch at home instead of taking it into the office with him. Both alphas had gotten distracted with the babies that morning and had almost been late to work.

He left the dishes unenchanted in the sink as he grabbed the lunch and hurried to get his slip on shoes on. They were the only shoes that he could on with how big he was and the only ones that fit now that his ankles and feet were so swollen.

He walked to the fireplace and got the floo powder from the top of the mantle. He tossed some into the huge fireplace as he told the magic where he wanted to go. He couldn’t apparate anymore since it was too big of a risk for the pups. 

He took a deep breath and slowly stepped over the grate on the ministry fireplaces. He waddled through the halls, ignoring all the snickers that he got from alphas and betas alike. Omegas were looked down upon and heavily pregnant omegas even more. 

Ron whined slightly as he looked up to see the hall numbers to try and help him find where his mate’s offices were. He got turned around as he got more self conscious and let his body guide him away from people instead of to where he needed to go. 

He glanced at the hall numbers again and finally gave up, settling on being more lost than he could fix with a few quick turns. He walked to one of the offices lining the hall and picked the person who looked the least busy. “Um, excuse me,” he said as he knocked on the door.

“Yes?” the alpha asked, not looking up from his papers.

“I was wondering if you could tell me where I could find Draco Malfoy’s office,” he replied.

“Why on Earth would you want to find that traitors-” the alpha stopped as he set the papers down on the desk in front of him and looked up. He snorted and rolled his eyes. “I see. You’re the omega that he ensnared. He lets you out of the house while this pregnant? Disgraceful.”

“My alpha takes care of me,” Ron defended, his eyebrows knitting his eyes. 

“You’re the disgrace. You shouldn’t be seen in public while so… obviously owned,” he sneered as he walked out of his office and started down the hall.

Ron slowly followed after him, placing his spare hand on his back to help support himself. He scowled, “I’m a human being, you can’t just talk to me like that.”

“Omegas are nothing close to human. They’re as bad as muggles,” he sneered. He turned down a hallway and picked up his pace, like he enjoyed watching the heavily pregnant many behind him struggle to keep up.

“Weren’t you born from an omega?” Ron asked.

“Of course I was. And she was kept in the bedroom where all omegas belong,” he replied. “You should be home, kept away for breeding and child rearing.”

“You know, I think that I can find my way on my own,” Ron whispered as he felt tears prick at the corners of his eyes. He forgot how awful it was to be an omega in the pure blood society. Muggles were starting to get more and more omega rights, but the wizards were still so far behind them that he was often treated like the dirt under alpha’s shoes.

“Nonsense. You’re far too useless to even find your way down these halls. I wouldn’t want you bothering someone actually important with your ignorance,” he laughed. 

Ron walked behind him since he couldn’t catch up with how heavily pregnant he was, desperately trying not to cry. They reached Draco’s office after five minutes of navigating the maze of hallways. “Malfoy, your omega is here.”

“Ron?” Draco asked as he looked up from the papers in his hands. He stood up and smiled softly. When he reached the omega he pressed a soft kiss to his lips, “What are you doing here?”

“Exactly the question I had. Why don’t you keep him in the bedroom where he belongs?” the man asked.

“Because he belongs wherever he wants to be,” Draco snapped. “My mate is a person and someone who helped bring down Voldemort,” he growled as his protective instincts flared up. 

“Please. He just slowed down the Minister and the Chosen One, both respectable alphas who can actually do something,” the man snorted. 

“Well, you’re clearly too ignorant to see past your nose. I hope that one day you pull your head out of your ass and take your hands off your ears so that you can understand the world as it is and not what your echo chamber tells you,” Draco spat as he pulled his mate gently into his office and then slammed the door before the brunette alpha had a chance to speak.

“Are you alright?” the alpha asked worried as he led Ron to the plush couch that he had in his office.

“You forgot your lunch today and I didn’t want you to go hungry or have to come home,” Ron whispered. He felt a lump grow in his throat and then a sob burst forth out of him before he could stop it. “I’m sorry,” he whimpered as he pressed the heel of his hands into his eyes.

“Shh, don’t apologize,” Draco whispered as he moved his hands and wrapped the omega in a hug. He gently pet his mate’s hair and rocked them back and forth as he let Ron cry onto his shirt. “I’ve got you, your safe,” he purred quietly. 

“I’m so sorry that he treated you so poorly. I’ll take care of dinner and the housework when I get home. Would you like to share my lunch with me today or do you just want to go home?” Draco asked softly when the omega had finished crying.

“I just want to go home. Everyone in this place looks at me like I’m a freak because…” he trailed off and wrapped his arms around his belly.

“You’re not. I know that everyone here is such a clotpole that they don’t realize what an amazing gift this is, but I do. I know how wonderful and brilliant and funny and witty you are,” Draco pressed a kiss to his hairline.

“You’re going to make my cry again,” Ron whined. 

The alpha just chuckled and helped him off of the couch. They walked through the rest of the halls at a leisurely pace so that Ron could rub his back and waddle at his own speed. Draco snarled at anyone that even came near him and kept one arm around the omega’s waist.

When the alphas returned home, Harry had obviously been told about what happened. “Draco’s going to do the housework since he’s better at spells. Do you want to take a bath?” the dark haired alpha gently kissed him on the lips.

“A bath sounds wonderful. I’ll need your help getting in and out of it,” he chuckled as he had regained some of his humor after crying his eyes out for a second time at home. Harry helped him off of the couch and up the stairs to their bedroom. Ron waited on the toilet as the bath filled and Harry enchanted it to stay warm. He happily let his alpha remove his clothes and help him into the tub. 

Ron mewled with pleasure as he felt all of the tight muscles from the day sooth at least a small bit. “Being this pregnant is hard,” he whispered as he turned to look at Harry. 

“I bet it is. I don’t think that I could do it,” Harry chuckled as he gently pet the hair on Ron’s head. “Would it be okay if you I rubbed your back and ankles when you get done with the bath?” he asked.

“More than okay,” he nodded eagerly. When he finished relaxing in the tub and washing himself off, he got Harry to help him out of the warm water and into a fluffy towel. When he was completely dry he dressed in his favorite pair of sweatpants and a bra. It was almost impossible to find any clothes big enough to cover his bump that he felt good in, so they only had one or two.

“There’s the nest on the bed, so would it be alright if we moved down to the couch?” Harry asked as he grabbed the couple of lotions and balms that they had been given at the baby shower.

“That would be amazing,” the omega nodded. He let his alpha help him up and then walked slowly down to the living room. “How is dinner coming?” he asked the other alpha as he sat down on the couch.

“It’s coming. It helps when I have magic and can follow a basic recipe, Potter,” he teased.

“That’s why you’re cooking and I’m the one pampering him directly,” Harry laughed as he sat down on the coffee table. He pulled one of his mate’s legs over his lap and began to spread a soothing, lavender lotion over his swollen calves while massaging the tense muscles. 

Ron moaned as he got closer to his ankles and feet, sinking easily down into the couch. He had fallen asleep by the time that Harry moved to his other foot.

“I don’t want to go into work today,” Harry objected as he flitted around the bedroom. He picked up his tie and then put it back down again in a new spot as he turned around and walked towards his mate. 

“You need to. I want you to be able to use your paternity leave when the pups are actually here,” Ron said, running a hand over his huge bump.

“But Madame Hissborg-” Harry began to object. 

“Said that they could come any day now or a month from now. Not enough omegas have had triplets in the wizarding world for there to be enough research to know,” Ron finished. 

“I just want to make sure that you’re safe and okay,” Harry whined as he walked to the edge of the nest. He pressed a kiss to his mate’s lips and then grabbed his hand and held it for a minute. “If you start feeling any pains at all, please call Draco and I. Or your mother and have her floo us instead,” he rambled.

“Just like I said yesterday, and the day before that, I will,” he nodded with a shy smile. 

“I just worry,” he whined.

“I know. Now go to work!” Ron called as he dropped the hand he had been holding and swatted at his partner. Harry smiled as he turned around and walked quickly to the fireplace in their living room.

When the house was empty and he was the only one there, the omega settled down in his nest and got some spotty sleep. The larger the triplets got, the harder it was for him to actually fall into deep sleep and stay there. He settled on dozing most days so that he could get the sleep that he so desperately needed for their little ones.

Around noon he hauled himself up and made his way down to the kitchen so that he could get something to eat. He hated moving around the house because he either needed the help of his alphas or a cane. 

Ron paused and placed his hand flat against the wall as he used it and the cane to support himself. “Oh, fuck,” he swore, squeezing his eyes shut as pain echoed through his stomach. It built up in his back and then wrapped all the way around his now massive stomach.

“That one hurt,” he muttered, assuming that it had been one of the false contractions he had been getting off and on for the past month. The omega continued on to the kitchen and made himself something for lunch. He got to the large armchair they had in their living room and collapsed down into it as he nibbled on his food.

Nearly forty five minutes later he got another pain, just as strong as the last one had been. He had fallen asleep in his chair and jerked awake as the pain wrapped around his belly. He ran a hand over his stomach, trying to soothe the few kicks that he was receiving from his children. As soon as it passed, he was back asleep without thinking twice.

The pains continued every forty five minutes, then after the first five or so then began to come every half an hour, and then after those six or seven they began to come closer and closer together. 

Ron inhaled a sharp breath as another contraction overtook him. It built up in his chip and then every muscle in his stomach, back, and thighs tightened up. He gripped the edge of the cloth arms of the chair as the pain rocked over him again and again. When it finally passed he took a couple deep breaths to clear his mind from the fog that had been clouding it for a moment. He grasped his wand on the table next to him and quickly cast the message spell to send to his mother and alphas. 

The fireplace roared to life a moment afterward and his mother rushed into the living room. “Dear, are you sure?” she asked as she kneeled next to his seat and took his hand into her own.

“Yes. I started having pains around lunch and they haven’t stopped,” he whined out through gritted teeth.

“How close together are they?” she asked after getting a thorough run down of exactly how the pains were and their intensity. 

“A couple of minutes, maybe?” he offered with another long whimper as the pains kicked up again. 

Molly took out her wand and flicked it above his head as she clearly stated the magical words that would make the spell work. A timer began to float above Ron, specifically far enough away that they could see it without being so close that it would bother him.

“I’m going to help you to the nest and then I’ll begin to get things ready for their arrival,” the older omega explained as she helped him stand up. Ron clung to her with one hand and placed the other hand under his belly as they slowly staggered up the stairs and down the hall to his room. He quickly got into his nest and then remade the wall that he had accidentally knocked down.

“When do you think Harry and Draco will be here?” he asked as his mother began to bustle around. She got out more towels than he knew they owned and all three baby baths that had been under the bathroom sink since the baby shower.

“As soon as they can be. And before your water even breaks,” she chuckled as she stopped for a moment and looked over him.

“What?” he asked with a shy smile that was quickly replaced with a tight whimper. He gripped the fabric of his shirt and the sheets beneath him as he tried to breathe through the pain.

“I’m so proud of you, you’re already doing so well,” Molly whispered as she smoothed his hair back away from his forehead. 

“Ron?” Harry asked, breathing heavily as he rushed to the omega’s side. “We came as fast as we could. Are you alright?”

“I’m happy to see you,” he mumbled as he shifted slightly in the nest. “Can you come in here?”

“Of course,” Draco nodded as he walked up behind Harry. He got into the nest and moved around the omega as Ron positioned them. Harry was in front of him and Draco sat behind him with the omega in between his legs and leaning back against his chest. Harry was holding both of his lover’s hands and running his thumbs over the pale knuckles of his lover as he dealt with another contraction.

It was another hour and nearly thirty different positions before Ron’s water finally broke, soaking the bed below him. Molly cast a quick cleaning spell and his pants and the sheets were clean before the change to his nest could upset the omega.

“The pressure is finally gone,” he breathed in relief, collapsing back against the pillows as he held one of Harry’s hands and the other hand held one of Draco’s. 

“It’ll come back when your body wants you to start pushing,” Molly warned as she dabbed his forehead and face with a relieving damp cloth. 

Ron groaned and rolled his head over to the side for a moment. He was able to doze for a bit before the next contraction hit harder than the other ones had. He let out a pained noise and gripped their hands even tighter than before. 

“You’re doing so well omega,” Harry whispered as he let his mate abuse his hand as much as he needed to get through the pain.

“We’re so proud of this. Thank you so much for going through this for our children,” Draco murmured against his knuckles.

Ron didn’t say anything, even when he had already come out of the contraction. He dealt with the next couple pains and then shifted his weight so that his legs were spread as he started pushing. Molly recognized this and cast the spells on him so that they could be sure that only one of the holes would be letting things pass so there would be less mess. 

The omega pushed so hard that his chin pressed down to his chest and his nails left semi-permanent crescent shaped scars in his mate’s hands. When he had finished for the moment he collapsed back against the mounds of pillows behind him and hurried to catch up his breath. He hadn’t gotten much of a break before he was pushing again, getting the head of his first baby lower and lower in his birth canal. 

“Just a couple more pushes and the head should be out,” Molly instructed as she grabbed a towel and watched for her second grandchild to finally make his way into the world.

Ron did as he was told and kept pushing before the baby finally slid out of him and stopped at the neck. “How am I going to do this three times?” he whimpered as his mother focused on cleaning the little face that had emerged. 

“You can do this because you have the strength and willpower of an omega,” Draco encouraged. “No one is more powerful than a mother omega.”

“He’s right. One more big push,” Molly smiled at her son. Ron did as he was told and let out a frustrated, pained sound as the shoulders of his eldest pup slid out of him. Molly lifted the baby and placed him on his mother’s chest, rubbing his back as the infant began to scream.

“Merlin,” the already tired omega whispered as he looked down at one of his babies. “You’re beautiful.”

“We’re parents,” Harry breathed with wide eyes. “We’re actually having a family.”

“Took you this long to figure that out, Potter?” Draco teased around the beaming smile and watery eyes he was sporting.

“Draco, come and help me clean him off,” Molly said as she tied and clipped the umbilical cord. “Ron, dear, go ahead and push for a bit while I’m gone when your body tells you to. The second baby shouldn’t wait too long,” she rambled as she got out of the nest and carried her second eldest grandbaby over to the baby bath that had been enchanted to have the perfect temperature water.

“He’s so amazing. You made something wonderful,” Harry praised as he took the rag Molly had been using for Ron’s face and gently dabbed at his sweaty skin.

“I’ve fought wars and literally helped kill the most powerful wizard that ever lived, but I think this is the hardest thing I’ve ever done,” he whispered before his body took over and he started pushing again.

By the wall, Molly showed Draco how to bath his eldest son and then how to swaddle him and hold him. The alpha stared down at the baby with wide, mystified eyes and his ear couldn’t seem to pick up on the screaming wails emitting from the tiny beta.

The second baby was born a mere ten minutes after the first, slipping in the world with a lot more ease. Molly placed him on his mother’s chest just like she had done with his older brother.

“Oh, look at you,” Ron murmured as he saw the bright, blue eyes that all bright eyed children had when they were born. The second baby whimpered and nuzzled against him instead of crying loudly in protest like his older, and seemingly identical, brother did. 

“Harry, come and help me bath him,” Molly instructed after she had clipped the cord. 

“Is it okay if I go?” Harry asked the omega as he looked after the baby.

“Go,” Ron nodded as he focused on gripping the sheets beneath him now that his mate’s hands were gone. As Molly instructed his husband on how to bath their child he grunted and pushed weakly once, delivering the afterbirth onto the already ruined sheets.

Molly helped deliver the last baby by herself, who was born five minutes after his brothers. “Another perfect baby, dear,” she cooed as she placed the youngest and smallest of the triplets on his belly. 

“They’re all so wonderful,” Ron whispered as he released his hands from where he had been tightly clenching the sheets below him and touched the gunk-covered downey hair of his youngest. He smiled and laughed a bit as the baby took in a sharp breath and began to scream. 

Molly tied and cut the cord like she had done with the other two and then swept the baby aside to be bathed as quickly as possible so she could help her son. Ron whimpered and pushed slightly as he birthed the placenta for the third triplet and then collapsed back onto the pillows. 

“I’m here, omega. You did so well,” Draco praised. He grasped his wand and fumbled for a minute as he tried to hold his son in one arm and his wand with his other hand. He cast the cleaning spell over the sheets first, removing the blood and other birthing fluids that soaked them. He then cleaned off his mate, removing the sweat and leaving him feeling just a bit better.

“Why didn’t we just do that with the babies?” Harry asked, blinking tiredly as the adrenaline was already starting to wear off.

“Because you’re not supposed to use magic on babies just out of the womb,” Molly explained as she finished swaddling the youngest triplet and walked to her son. She repaired any of the damage that might have been done to his birth canal during the process and helped him get some comfortable clothes on.

When the omega was propped up in bed with new sleep clothes and a blanket draped over his lap, she finally allowed him to hold his children and the alphas to get back into the nest. Ron took the eldest two first and let them nurse, one from each breast. 

“They need names,” Draco said softly as he looked at his pups with adoring eyes. 

“Doesn’t your family have a tradition of naming their children after stars?” Ron asked tiredly.

“Yes, but I don’t expect either of you to want to do anything that has to do with my family,” he replied.

“That’s one of the things that your family did that was kind of cool, and less evil,” Harry chuckled. “Do you have a name in mind?”

“I was kind of thinking about Scorpius,” he said after a moment.

“That’s a strong name,” Molly nodded. She had just finished cleaning up and was only staying long enough to finish helping her son learn basic mothering skills before she left the new family alone.

“What about your baby, Harry?” he asked after a moment.

“Could we name him after my father?” he blurted. “I know that it’s cliche to give alphas masculine names, but I feel like they need to be honored.”

“We could name him after both of your parents,” Ron offered. “James Lily Potter-Weasley.”

“That’s quite the mouthful,” Draco murmured. 

“I like it,” Ron said firmly. “I think that Hugo Rose will do for our other little beta.”

“Those are wonderful names, dears,” Molly smiled kindly. She showed her son how to burp the eldest and then supervised him as he did it to the middle triplet. She slipped out of the room and went to the guest room as Ron focused on feeding his youngest. 

“Scorpius, Hugo, and James,” Harry tried, the names bringing a bright smile to his face. “Our perfect little family.”

“It’s not so little anymore,” Draco chuckled. “Not with the extended family considered on Ron’s side.”

“Shush. It’s bedtime,” the omega yawned widely and burped the youngest when he had finished eating. Ron tucked his babies close to him and curled around them, determined to keep them safe in his nest. He yawned and his eyes fluttered shut, falling asleep while protectively wrapped around his family.




Ron stared out of the window to his left as he leaned back on the luxurious, black leather sofa. He turned his head away from the eternally grey skies and stared out over his living area. 

The walls were a tasteful black, green, and silver wallpaper that stopped at the ceiling since they were painted black. The furniture was all black, but thankfully the floors had escaped the dark color and were the most popular shade of hardwood of the day. In this specific room, there were two leather couches placed on either side of a low coffee table that were decorated with some enchanted silver roses. 

“As if flowers can make up for everything that he did to me,” Ron whispered as he forced himself up off the couch and walked past the paintings on the walls. He had learned how to ignore the eyes that followed him, watching his every move to make sure that he didn’t do anything the Malfoys wouldn't want him to.

He walked from the sitting area into his personal dining area, where an ornate black table and matching chairs were all wiped clean from the bout of morning sickness that had accidentally decorated them that morning. Ron winced and hurried through them, or hurried as quickly as he could with his now massive belly, as the memory of the bile burned his throat. 

The teenager let out a breath of relief as he got into the study, where he spent most of his time. The sitting area was only really used when he had to entertain his fiance and his family. He rubbed a hand over his belly and let out a small sigh, though the resentment was soon taken away by a foot rolling over and kicking at his hand. 

“Don’t worry, I’ll always love you. Even if it means that I have to stay here against my will,” he sighed, rubbing his thumb over the spot where the kick had been. 

Ron sat down on the leather chair tucked near the window and picked up his book from the end table next to it. He leaned to one side and hissed at the pain in his hips for just a moment, before it left him in peace. He opened the book and read over a couple sentences before the restlessness he had been feeling for the past couple days picked up again and he shut it.

He gripped both of the arms of the chair and hauled himself upright as he walked out of the study and further into his room, this time reaching a hallway. There was a spare room, which had been transformed into the ugliest and least personal nursery Ron had ever seen on the left side of the hall. The right side had a bathroom and in front of him was his bedroom.

“I wish that I could give you the nursery that I wanted to,” he sighed as he ran both of his hands over his belly. He felt very protective of his unborn baby and touched the bump constantly as a way of claiming the baby as his. The Malfoy family had been referring to them as ‘The Heir’ or ‘Draco’s child’ and it made him feel like he was just collateral damage. 

He drifted into the nursery and looked over everything inside. The walls and ceiling were the same, dark color that made the place seem more like a prison than a nursery. The crib itself was black, as was the matching rocking chair and half sized bookcase, with green and silver blankets tucked in it tightly. There were barely any children’s books or stuffed animals to be seen. 

“Not even a mobile,” he whispered as he pressed his hand to the top of the crib. 

He jumped and whirled around as the door to the nursery banged open so hard that it nearly dented the wall. “This is your fault,” Narcissa seethed as she rushed at him. 

“What’s my fault? I’ve been locked in here all day, like always,” he seethed as he reached for the pocket in his robes, where he had always kept his wand. He growled lowly in frustration as he remembered that he wasn’t wearing his uniform or his robes, which didn’t really matter considering the fact that they had taken his wand when he got there.

“You brought them here, and now they’re going to take Draco’s child from us. How could you be so inconsiderate and selfish?”

“They’re my child!” Ron bellowed as the anger he had been tamping down for months finally boiled to the surface with a flash of mood swings. He pushed her onto the floor and kicked her as hard as he could, using the crib to steady himself.

“Insolent child!” Narcissa cursed as she grabbed his ankle and tried to pull him down. 

Ron’s grip on the crib loosened for a moment and he lost his balance thanks to the added weight of his baby. He fell to the ground and cried out in pain, which shot up from his hips all the way around his belly and up his spine.

“I should have sped up your pregnancy and torn that child from your arms as soon as Draco admitted to sleeping with such a filthy,” Narcissa stood up and pulled her wand from somewhere in her dress. “Disgusting, repulsive, lowlife.”

“ Stupefy !” Harry shouted from behind her. The woman stopped and crumbled to the floor in a heap, her wand slowly rolling away from her and underneath the crib.

“Ron,” Hermione breathed as she pushed past their other friend and rushed to him. “I’m so happy that you’re okay,” she beamed. 

Harry walked over them and grabbed Narcissa’s wand, snapping it in two before throwing them back onto her unconscious body. “We need to get him out of here.”

“Why are you here? You didn’t come here for me, did you?” he asked as he struggled to get up onto his feet. 

“We didn’t come here for you specifically, but we did end up getting captured and brought here,” Harry replied as he took one of his friend’s arms and Hermione took the other. Together, they hauled him up and back onto his feet.

“We really, really wanted to,” she explained. “We wanted to be able to rescue you from them, but there was some doubt that you would come with us and we needed to find all the horcrux.”

“I slept with Draco because he was charming and sweet. As soon as he couldn’t get anything from me anymore he changed to a completely different person. I want to get home and see my family,” he said seriously.

“Well, we can bring you to the edge of the Burrow and escort you in, but then we have to go,” Harry said.

“I can’t apparate, Harry,” Hermione shook her head.

“What?” he groaned, frustration evident on his face.

“It’s too dangerous for the baby. It’s possible that they could be left here. Like splinching, but worse,” Ron said with a small nod.

“Dobby! His magic isn’t apparating and it should be safer for the baby,” Hermione snapped as the idea popped into her head. 

“Can you walk?” Harry asked.

“I’m pregnant, not injured,” Ron rolled his eyes as he started for the door at the quickest pace that he could. He had been havin a lot of pain in his hips whenever he walked since the baby was so large, but he had adrenaline to help him get as close to a jog as he could.

Harry and Hermione quickly got ahead of him but were never out of arm’s reach as they led him down to the dusty formal parlor that had barely been used since he had arrived. There had obviously been a fight, and it was still happening. 

Draco and his father were collapsed down onto the floor, though the former struggled to get up and grasped at his wand a few feet away. Bellatrix was flinging any object near her at the house elf that stood a few feet from her. Dobby snapped his fingers every few seconds and redirected the objects to the snatchers, who were huddled behind a single shield. 

“Dobby, we need to leave,” Harry called as they carefully got into the room. The elf gave him a firm nod and snapped his fingers, this time appearing next to him. Bellatrix turned and tossed a knife just as Dobby transported them out of the manor.

Ron had no idea what happened after they left the mansion. He collapsed down onto the sand that was now beneath him and heard shouts and tears as his hearing slowly faded away and his eyes snapped shut.

“Are you sure that you want to do this?” Hermione asked as she helped move things around.

“I know that what he did was despicable, but he is his father,” Ron sighed. 

“You already named him based on Malfoy’s family traditions, isn’t that enough?” she asked desperately.

“No,” he shook his head. “And he’ll only ever get to see him once.”

“There’s no talking him out of it now that he’s decided that it’s something he wants to do, dear,” Molly sighed as she walked into the nursery. 

The room was a bright lilac color with silvery white curtains on the windows. The crib was painted white and had several handmade baby blankets from Ron’s many family members and friends. The rocking chair was his mother’s previously, the bookcase was overflowing with children’s books that he read to his son each night before bed. There were also enough toys and stuffed animals to last any child a lifetime. It was the place that Ron really wanted to raise his baby in. 

“And he won’t be able to use magic or do anything else dangerous,” Ron repeated what he had said nearly twenty times to half a dozen people since announcing the visit he had planned.

“But are you sure that you should go alone?” she worried.

“I’ll be fine. There will be plenty of guards and I won’t be gone longer than an hour,” he turned and took her hands in his. “I promise.”

“I just worry. He already took you from us once,” she sighed. She wrapped him up in a hug and then let him go the second that the infant in the crib let out a small whimper.

“C’mere,” Ron whispered as he scooped up his baby and planted a kiss on his forehead. “You’re okay, I’m here now,” he soothed, bouncing the baby slightly. When he had calmed down, Ron quickly got his shoes and jacket on. He checked that he had his wand in a quickly accessible location nearly nine times before he walked out of the house and apparated to the prison.

“We’ve been expecting you, Mr. Weasley,” the manager at the front desk gave him a curt smile. “You’re late.”

“I had to convince my family that this was a good idea,” he replied quickly. He still wasn’t used to everyone knowing who he was since he had been able to help Harry and Hermione with the rest of their quest after delivering the baby a bit early.

“We’re allowing you to keep your wand, but keep in mind that if you try to break Mr. Malfoy out of this prison then you will be detained and placed into a cell yourself,” she warned as she raised her hand and twisted it. 

Two guards appeared next to her and gave Ron a curt nod. Before he knew it, he was walking through the dark halls of the prison to the only visiting area in the entire building. There were no windows and only two doors, one that the guest would enter through and the other that the prisoner would. There were a plethora of lit candles enchanted to float around the room three feet apart from any of the other candles. A table with three chairs sat in the middle of the room.

Ron walked to the table and sat down, holding his son as close to his chest as he could. He stared at the prisoner door before it finally opened and the pale teen that he had fallen so hard for walked through the door.

“Ron,” he whispered, the name rushing out like a dead man’s last wish. He rushed to the table and sat on the other side.

“Draco,” the redhead replied through barred teeth. 

“Is that him? My heir?” Draco said eagerly as he leaned over the table to try and get a better look at the baby. 

“This is my son. He is going to be his own person, and does not need to have your name cursing his life,” he growled.

“You dare to treat me like that after all I’ve done for you?” he said, acting as though he was hurt.

“You took my from my friends and family when I needed them most and then proceeded to ignore me while I was pregnant with your child. I wasn’t even involved in the decorating of the nursery that was in my rooms,” he hissed.

“So you admit that the baby’s mine,” he hissed, slamming his hands down on the table.

The baby, somehow, did not wake up at the sudden noise. Ron stood up and turned as he was ready to leave. “I was going to let you hold him and tell you his name, but if you’re going to act like a petulant child, I’m going to leave.”

Ron turned on his heel and was three steps from the door when the other called out for him. “Wait, Ron, please. Please, let me hold him.”

The redhead took a few deep breaths and turned back around, heading back to the table. Once he got there he moved Draco’s arms around with one hand and then set their child down.

He felt his heart ache slightly in his chest as the Slytherin’s face shifted into absolute, unbridled love. He had once been on the receiving end of that look until he had been carrying the new subject.

“His name is Hugo Scorpius Weasley,” Ron said after a full minute had passed by. 

“Why did you name him something so weak when he has such a powerful middle name?” Draco asked.

In seconds, Ron had scooped the baby out of his arms and pressed Hugo protectively into his chest. “I let you hold my son and named him something similar to what your family tradition is. I kept the baby and put up with the abuse that your family dealt me, and this is how you repay me? Go rot in your cell.”

As soon as the words had left Ron’s mouth he turned and briskly walked out of the room. 



WARNING: Explicit sexual scenarios

Once the war had ended, the Golden Trio all put on some weight. Most of it was what they had lost when they had been camping and hadn’t been able to get enough food, but some of it was just a little extra padding. Ron was just as lanky and gangly as he had been before. Hermione put on just enough to look curvaceous and delectable. Harry, however, had put on more weight than he had ever carried even when he had scarfed down as much as possible at the age of eleven. 

The weight that he had gained didn’t look bad. In fact, it just made him look a dozen times more attractive. In reality, he had only gained about seven pounds from his healthy weight before but the weight had all concentrated on filling out his ass. 

Ron often found that he couldn’t keep his eyes off of it whenever Harry was in front of him. There was some guilt every time he caught himself staring at his best friend’s ass, but there was a certain exhilaration about it as well.

After his brief romantic encounter with Hermione during the Battle of Hogwarts they had sat with each other and talked about their feelings. They had only tried dating for about a week, but Ron never felt a connection to her outside of something that was a small bit more than platonic. Things had ended well, with both of them agreeing to be friends instead of trying to be romantic partners. 

Their breakup had got him thinking a small bit, and then his apparent crush on Harry had solidified that. He was gay, and he had a crush on his best mate.

The water pelting down on him from the showerhead had long since turned cold, frigid even. Ron stared down at the tile on the floor, watching some of the excess swelling up over the grout lines before swirling into the drain.

“You going to stay in here forever?” Harry asked as he slowly walked into the showers.

“Hmm?” Ron asked as he snapped himself out of his thoughts and looked over at his friend. 

The breath was stolen from his lungs as he saw the Quidditch captain was stark naked, just like him. Harry was leaning on the wall that separated the lockers from the showers and had one of his shapely hips popped. His face was pulled up in a smirk that Ron had never seen him hold before. Suddenly, the cold seemed like a lot more as all of the redhead’s blood seemed to pool down into his cock. 

“You think that I haven’t noticed you staring at me when I fly above you? We nearly lost the match today because you were so distracted,” Harry took a couple of careful steps forward, toying with his wand in one hand. 

“Mate,” Ron started, trying to turn his body away so that the other couldn’t see him hardened member.

“Yeah?” he replied simply, as if they weren’t both naked and apparently very aroused.

“I-I don’t think you know what you’re talking about,” he mumbled as he desperately tried to think about anything other than the bubble butt walking closer and closer to him.

“I think that I know exactly what I’m talking about. Ever since the match with Hufflepuff two months ago you haven’t been able to keep your eyes off of me. Care to share?” Harry asked. He had finally reached the redhead and reached out, bringing his hand to rest on Ron’s arm.

“Share what?” he asked, his mind foggy and slow.

“Share what you find so arousing about me. Share what made you this hard,” Harry’s hand waved vaguely at his aching cock.

“Your fucking ass,” Ron whispered as he reached forward. He grabbed the back of Harry’s neck and brought him in for a kiss, bending his head down since the other was just a few inches shorter than he was. 

Harry eagerly tossed his arms around his best friend’s neck and wove the fingers on one hand through the unruly red locks as he kissed back. Ron’s hands moved from behind his down his hips and then around to the small of his back. He hesitated for a moment and they separated, both of them desperately needing air.

“I want to fuck you,” Ron whispered, pressed his erection into Harry’s.

“I want you to fuck me,” Harry nodded as he moved him out of the water. He flicked his wand once and the water shut off, leaving the entire room echoing with their every breath. 

“Is everyone gone?” he mumbled.

“You were in the showers for almost ten minutes. Is my ass that interesting?” he joked as he walked over to the benches on the back wall.

“Hell yes,” Ron nodded as he finally allowed his hands to move down to the supple flesh. He grasped it with both hands, using it to bring the other male up the few inches until he was standing on his toes.

Harry bit his lip and moaned loudly. He used his arms to keep himself up slightly in the air and turned their faces towards each other again. “Do you want to prepare me or should I use magic so we can get right to the fun part?”

“You just like to use magic for everything now because you can,” the other laughed. “A lube spell will do fine,” he turned his head so that he was nipping the skin under Harry’s chin. He latched onto the skin that lay between the other man’s neck and shoulder, sucking a dark bruise onto it.

Harry cast the enchantment on himself and then dropped his wand to the floor with a loud clatter as he felt the hickey forming. He wrapped one of his legs around Ron’s waist and hoisted his hips up so that his ass was exposed to the open air.

Ron pulled back and admired his work for a moment before he clashed their lips together again. He held Harry up with one hand on his leg and the other wrapped around his hips. He prodded the other man’s entrance with his middle finger just long enough to earn a hiss before he slid it in. He went up to the first knuckle, and groaned slightly at the feeling of Harry’s entrance clamping down around it before he continued to the second.

“We’re going to be in here long enough for someone to figure out what we’re doing if you don’t hurry up,” the other man warned when it had taken nearly a minute to get the first finger worked inside of him.

“I thought I’d be the impatient one when we finally did this,” Ron whispered as he began to pump it in and out of his best friend.

“You imagined us doing this? You thought that it would happen?” Harry asked breathlessly as he pushed his voluptuous ass back onto the hand cupping it. 

“I thought about it enough that I managed to make it happen,” he corrected, nearly growling the words into Harry’s ear. The raven-haired male mewled as Ron pressed the second finger into him all at once. 

“Was that fast enough for you?”

“God, yes,” Harry moaned and thrust his hips up so that their cocks rubbed together.

Ron moaned and his hand stuttered for a moment as he lost his coordination. He paused and restarted the rhythm, spreading the two fingers apart from each other a little bit more each time and pulled them out of his friend. 

He inserted the third finger and only pumped in and out twice before he removed his hand. He grabbed Harry’s hip and brought him up a couple inches. He grabbed his cock with his other hand and stroked it twice before he positioned his throbbing member at Harry’s entrance. Ron dropped him down onto his cock until the other man was seated fully on him.

“Holy shit. I feel like I’m being split apart,” Harry whimpered as he rolled his hips forward. He released a lewd moan and wrapped his arms tightly around Ron’s shoulders.

“You’re so fucking tight. Maybe you should have been more patient and let me actually prepare you,” he trailed off as Harry moved his hips up an then sank back down.

“I don’t need more preparation. I need you to fuck me,” he whispered. 

Ron walked forward a step and placed his knee on the bench in front of him. He leaned Harry back against the wall and placed his hands on either side of his head, fucking into him. Harry wrapped both of his legs around his hips and let him pull his cock out almost all the way.

“Fuck, Ron,” he moaned as the throbbing member slipped back into him and hit the special bundle of nerves hidden deep inside of him. 

“Merlin,” Ron whispered as he leaned heavily on the wall and picked up his pace. Harry moaned and mewled each time the cock brushed against his prostate, arching his back into the man above him. 

After nearly five minutes he could feel his orgasm building. Ron’s hips stuttered with his own impending orgasm, but the thrusts were more powerful than they had been before. They cummed at the same time, Ron deep inside of his best friend and Harry all over his chest. 

They stayed locked together for two or three minutes as they caught their breath. Ron slowly pulled out of the other man and set him down on the shower bench. 

“That was the best shagging I’ve ever gotten,” Harry whispered as he stood up with some difficulty.

“Have you shagged a lot of other blokes?” Ron asked, ignoring the jealousy that formed a pit in his stomach. He walked to one of the showerheads and turned it on so that he could shower properly.

“Only one or two. I’ve never actually been in love with any of the others though,” Harry whispered as he walked behind his friend.

“You’re in love with me?” Ron whispered, whirling around.

“I have been for about a year. I knew when you drank the love potion and nearly died in my arms that I couldn’t lose you but it took me a couple weeks to realize that I was in love with you,” he flushed and rubbed the back of his head awkwardly.

“Is that why you let me shag you?” Ron asked as he stepped under the onslaught of water.

“I let you shag me because I needed my keeper. I know that you probably don’t feel anything for me,” he sighed.

“You’re just as daft as Ginny said you were,” Ron laughed. “I’ve had the biggest crush on you for at least two months.”

“Oh,” Harry blushed a bit more. 

“Yeah,” Ron cleared his throat, turning a small bit so that he water could wash the pearly white cum off of his skin.

“I know that this is a bit backwards, but would you like to go out with me?” the raven-haired blurted after a couple moments of awkward silence.

“Like, as your boyfriend?” the taller of the two stuttered out after reeling for about a minute.

“Yes,” Harry nodded and turned on his own shower head. His glasses had been abandoned on the bench behind them for the time being.

“I-I, um, I don’t think that I’m ready to come out to people,” he whispered as he forced himself to look anywhere but his best friend.

“We don’t have to tell anyone. I don’t want to know the kind of reaction I’d get if people found out that I was only into blokes,” he chuckled weakly.

“So you’re saying that we could date without anyone knowing?” Ron asked.

“Yeah. We can just be together for as long as you want. Until you’re comfortable with other people knowing,” Harry nodded.

Ron surged forward and kissed him again. This kiss was a bit more pure and full of love and emotion, less hungry and touch starved than the others had been. “Thank you.”

“Hello!” a chipper voice of a girl two years their junior fluttered out as she nearly skipped in front of them. She slid into the table and folded her arms over the wood, smiling widely. “My name is Morina.”

“Erm, hello,” Harry said awkwardly as he looked up from the paper that he and Ron had been skimming.

“I’ve heard a lot about you from the other students,” she bit her lip and pressed herself forward so that her breasts were resting on top of her arms.

“I’m sure you have. I’ve done a lot of things,” he laughed awkwardly.

“I was wondering if you could tell me about them,” she beamed.

“If you’ve heard things why do you need him to tell you?” Ron snapped, the jealousy he always got returning back with a flash.

“I meant,” she hissed at him before turning back to Harry and plastering a smile on her face, “I want to know which ones were true. And I’d love to know your story straight from your mouth.”

“There are several articles with my direct quotes about what happened in them,” Harry laughed nervously. Underneath the table, Harry grabbed his boyfriend’s hand and threaded their fingers together.

“But I’d like it if you’d tell me. Maybe we could go on a walk?” she offered. “Around the lake sometime around sunset.”

“No,” Harry refused, shaking his head. “I know that you’re trying to ask me out on a date, and I’m not the person that you want me to be.”

“Maybe I’m just not pretty enough for the Chosen One,” she huffed as she noisily stood up from the table. 

By now, quite a few people were turned away from their conversations and staring at them. Ron took a deep breath and turned to the side. He grabbed Harry’s tie with his free hand and turned the other man towards him, pressing their lips together.



WARNINGS: Explicit sexual scenarios, infidelity, older woman/younger man, older man/younger man, and semi-public sex


Harry had been feeling off all day. He had no other way to describe it, other than he was feeling off. He felt irritable and pent-up, much like the way that Hermione described her cycles feeling like. 

He spent a good chunk of his morning glaring at the window and buried under his blanket like it would somehow give him more time to sleep. When he got up, he snapped at the twins for their normal irritating behavior and sent Ginny out of the room close to tears for growling at her. 

“Harry, dear,” Molly smiled tensely as she walked into the living room. He was currently the sole inhabitant since none of the others could even bear to be around them. 

“What?” he snapped as he pushed his head off of his knuckles and looked at her.

“Are you close to your rut, love?” she asked as she and her husband quickly moved into the room and shut the door behind them.

“My what?” he snapped as he folded his arms across his chest.

“Oh dear. I guess those Muggle caregivers of yours really did keep you in the dark. Did they give you medication?” Arthur asked as he sat to one side of Harry.

“They used to make me go into the doctor’s and get a shot every spring before school started,” Harry nodded, the irritation bubbling just underneath his skin.

“You do know what happens to people when they go through puberty, don’t you?” Molly asked worriedly as she took her place in the chair to Harry’s left.

“I know the basics. You get hair in uncomfortable places, your scent becomes stronger and you get the ability to mate. Omegas go into heat once a year and have cycles every month.”

“So you know what they taught you in schools, or at least what your Aunt and Uncle would sign to let you know,” she nodded with a small sigh. “Well, dear, you’re an alpha. You should be having a rut during the spring every year just like an omega has their heats. Your caregivers would give you a suppressant shot so that you wouldn’t go into a rut, but you didn’t get it this year so your rut is going to happen anyway.”

“Molly and I were thinking that’s why you were so irritable and angry,” Arthur explained.

“What will happen to me when I’m in rut?” Harry asked as he shifted and looked between them. 

“It will mean that you will need to cum once on the hour or else you’ll start to go after omegas against their will,” Arthur sighed.

“And you’re currently in a house full of our children. Doors don’t tend to stop alphas, and with you magic I doubt there’s any enchantment in the world that would actually keep you contained in one of the bedrooms,” Molly continued for her husband. 

“So I just need to jack off every hour?” he snapped.

“No, you need to have someone else help you to release,” Arthur shook his head. “And it has to be an omega or beta. But if you’re not releasing inside of them, then the rut will go away in less than a day because there are no viable mates around.”

“So how do I find someone to help me get off without finding someone that I can impregnate?” he asked, quirking an eyebrow at them both. 

“We’re going to help you,” Molly smiled shyly as she placed a hand on his arm. “With your consent, of course.”

Harry bit his lip to resist moaning at the mere idea of having two of the strongest, most fertile couples jerking him off every hour for the next day or so. “Please.”

His rut started the next morning. He woke up feeling like he had a fever or had been dipped in the sun. He had thrown all of the blankets and sheets off of him, writhing as his pajamas irritated his skin as well. 

He flipped himself over and began to thrust his cock down into the sheets below him. Pleasured echoed through him from his member and into every other nerve of his body. He scratched and bit at the sheets underneath his heat body before he paused and cummed.

“Arthur thought that he smelled you. I sent the children to Shell Cottage just in time,” Molly chuckled as she hurried forward. 

Harry got up on his hands and knees and looked at her over his shoulder. His cock was red and hard, leaking into his pajamas even though he had just orgasmed. He growled at her and turned around, slowly advancing on the older woman. 

The beta allowed herself to be crowded into a corner and watched as Harry put his arms above her head. He leaned onto her and pressed his clothed cock against her leg before he thrust his hips once. “That’s it, dear,” she whispered as she moved her leg so that it would pleasure the alpha more. 

Harry growled darkly and began to nip at her skin, which had been enchanted so that she and Arthur couldn’t be marked or mated to the young alpha. He continued to move his hips upward in quick, hurried movements. He stopped and growled darkly as he orgasmed, spilling more cum into his pants. 

“Go and take a shower, then come down for breakfast,” Molly instructed as she slipped out of the room while brushing her leg to rid it of the vague damp feeling.

Harry blinked a few times as his mind finally returned back to him. He stripped his clothes off and left them in the hamper before he grabbed his day clothes and went to the shower. When he was clean he went downstairs and sat at the table, looking around the house for where the others had gone.

“I sent all of the children to visit Bill. He and Fleur are expecting my first grandbaby,” Molly chuckled as she set a plate of food in front of him.

Harry nodded slowly and then wolfed down his food as the rut had apparently made him hungry enough to feel sick. When he had finished eating, another hour had almost ticked by. Arthur came down from the bedroom that he shared with his wife and smiled as he rounded the corner. 

“My turn, then?” he asked as he walked forward and scooted the young alpha’s chair forward.

“Yes, I helped him with it this morning,” she nodded as she continued to monitor the half dozen spells she had going in the kitchen.

“Right,” he nodded and finished pulling Harry out. He got in front of the alpha and removed his cock from his pants. Arthur leaned forward and gave a kitten lick to the head of the cock, smiling slightly when he saw how hard Harry got as so little.

He wrapped his hand around the base and began to lick over the top and just underneath the bulbous mushroom head. He flattened his tongue and moved his hand slightly, licking from the base to the top in one fluid motion. When he got to the tip, he took it into his mouth and swallowed as hard as he could manage.

The alpha above him moaned and bucked his hips up, though he only managed to push in another inch. He wrapped his fingers in the omega’s hair but didn’t use it to control him this time. 

Arthur took the entire cock into his throat, making his tongue flat while swallowing and sucking around the member. He pulled back slowly, stopping every couple of centimeters to swallow or suck around the cock. After a mere three minutes, Harry tightened his hand in Arthur’s hair and gave a weak shout as he orgasmed.

“You sucked me off like that at the start of the heat we conceived Charlie in,” Molly chuckled.

“I suppose I did,” Arthur said after he had swallowed the cum that had been dumped into his mouth.

Harry moved to the living room and read a book for the next forty five minutes, until Molly hurried in. “I nearly forgot that it was time,” she chuckled. She sat down on the couch next to him and took his cock out of his pants.

He hissed in surprise as the chilled air of the house touched his sensitive member.

She wrapped her hand firmly around the base and then raised it up slowly. When she reached the tip she ran her thumb over the head of his cock, causing a moan to fall from his lips. She applied a bit of pressure as she moved her hand down, spreading the excess skin thin. When she reached the base of his cock she twisted her wrist in a near impossible motion and caused precum to bubble out of the head. 

Harry groaned and thrust up twice, jerking himself off with the movements of her head. He bit his lip to cut back an even louder noise as his cock twitched twice and cum shot out onto her hand. 

He took in a shaky breath and opened his eyes to watch her take her hand off of his cock and keep all of the cum dribbling down her digits. She wrapped the fabric of her apron around her left hand and cleaned it swiftly with her right. “Such a mess,” she tutted as she handed him a handkerchief and went on her way to continue her chores.

He tucked himself back into his pants and picked up his book again like nothing had happened. Harry had only been reading for another half hour when the brood of Weasley children returned to the house. 

“You in a better mood, mate?” Ron asked as he removed his coat and threw it over the back of the couch.

“Sorry about yesterday,” he winced as he shut his book and set it down on the seat next to him. 

“You made both of us cry,” Ginny said as she walked in with Hermione hot on her heels.

“I was in a bad mood. I had some nightmares,” he lied.

“Really?” George asked as he walked in the other way and flopped over one of the chairs. 

“Because you were acting like Charlie when he has PMS,” Fred finished.

“More like Percy,” Ron shook his head.

“I just didn’t get a lot of sleep last night, alright?” he defended. The conversation slowly ebbed away from him and more to what Bill had looked like with the baby bump and the nursery he had set up with his mate. 

Fifteen minutes after they had all come home, Arthur called to him from the back door. “Harry, come and explain this muggle thing to me again!” 

Harry stood up and hurried out of the house as images and fantasies about what was going to come next flashed through his mind. As soon as he had stepped out of the back door, Arthur pulled him to the portion of the house where a person couldn’t be seen from the kitchen windows or the back door by anyone inside. 

“I didn’t expect them to come back so soon, but at least it was my turn and not Molly’s,” he rambled. He pressed the flat of his hand against the tent in Harry’s jeans, applying a bit of pressure. 

Harry moaned and released a good deal of his scent since they were outside and he knew it wouldn’t stick to the room like it would inside. “You smell so good,” Arthur moaned loudly as he began to move his hand up and down the alpha’s cock. 

“Omega,” Harry breathed as part of the rut mind came back to him since he had gone so long since his last orgasm. Arthur continued his work until the alpha growled and begna to rut against his hand of his own accord. Harry let out a dark, feral noise as his cock twitched twice and he shot his load into his pants.

“There we go,” Arthur whispered as he pulled out his wand and cast a quick spell to clean up the mess.

“Not as good as the blowjob,” Harry noted as he turned around and went back inside. 

Molly and Arthur continued to pull them away from the rest of the kids at approximately forty five minutes to an hour. The blowjob that he had received at the very beginning of the day didn’t happen again and instead he received a multitude of hand jobs, both over and under the pants.

When the day finally ended, the rut itch stopped coming back as often and it wasn’t nearly as powerful as it had been the day before. Everyone slowly filtered out of the living room as they retired to bed, and soon only Harry and the Weasley parents were left. 

“This should be the last time, shouldn’t it?” Arthur asked as he folded the daily paper up and put it on the side table next to him.

“Yes, I think so. This time will make fifteen and then he can sleep the remainder off,” Molly nodded with a tense smile. 

“I’m sick of being jacked off by just one of you, can’t I have you both the last time?” Harry asked. He felt his face flush just a small bit when he realized what he had said and quickly blamed it on the rut.

“I don’t see why not,” Molly nodded. They both stood up and walked over to him. Arthur got down on his knees in front of Harry while Molly sat down on the couch next to him. 

The omega skillfully undid the zipper and button, pulling the denim down just a small bit. He then grabbed the cotton fabric of Harry’s underpants and removed them to expose his achingly hard cock. He leaned forward and took the mushroom head into his mouth, sucking lazily. 

Molly wrapped her hand around the base of his cock, where his knot was just barely starting to form since he was getting closer to the end of his rut and his body was desperately trying to find an omega to procreate with. She rubbed her hand in a circle, sending shivers of pleasure throughout the young alpha. 

Harry bucked his hips up a little, sending his cock further into Arthur’s mouth by another few inches. “Merlin,” he swore as Arthur’s tongue wound around the cock-head a few times. 

Molly moved her thumb up so that she rubbed against the skin just above his knot while moving her other fingers around the member. 

The young alpha lasted only a couple minutes as they both worked with him, thrusting up once and cumming down Arthur’s throat again. The omega quickly swallowed everything as he pulled back and grabbed a tissue to clean the saliva off of his face. 

“Good night, dear. I hope you feel better tomorrow,” Molly chirped as she removed her hand and got up from the couch.

Harry nodded numbly and continued to let his orgasm reel over him again and again. “I’m not sure a rut with an omega will ever compare to that,” he muttered.



WARNINGS: Explicit sexual scenarios, feminization, polyamory, and gambling/betting

“Come on Ronald. You knew what you would have to do if you lost the bet,” Hermione smirked as she uncorked another vial of ingredients and dumped it into the cauldron in front of her.

“I didn’t think that I would lose. I don’t have to do this, it’s not like you made me swear on it,” Ron defended as he crossed his arms over his chest crossly.

“If you don’t I’ll tell Mum that you were gambling,” Ginny smirked as she casually leaned against the bathroom sink.

“And why would she believe you? You don’t have any proof,” he repeated through his teeth.

“Because I’m her only daughter and she believes everything I say,” Ginny said simply.

“Two stirs, and it’s done!” Hermione chirped as she took out a good helping of the potion with the ladle and emptied it into a cup. She handed it out to her friend and raised her eyebrow for a moment before he took it.

“What’s this going to do to me?” he asked as he swirled the green and purple liquid around a couple times.

“Don’t do that, just drink it. Any more stirring and it could turn you into a werewolf,” Hermione said. She glanced up from the cauldron and upon seeing the looks on the siblings faces sighed, “I meant the muggle kind. It’ll make all of your hair grow too much instead of just on the top of your head.”

Ron took a deep breath and then put the glass on his lips. The smell of the potion smelled like a cleaning solution and he nearly gagged before he brought his hand to his nose. He pinched his nostrils shut and tossed his head back as he drained the glass.

He squeezed his eyes shut and placed a hand over his mouth as he resisted the urge to gag the liquid back up. He stood there for a moment and grimaced as he felt his entire scalp begin to itch like every inch of it was crawling with biting insects. He reached up and felt his hair growing down to his shoulders and past his hips until it stopped at the bottoms of his thighs.

“That’s a good sport,” Ginny smirked. She reached down to her bag on the floor next to her and pulled out a straight razor. “Now the hair on your bits and pits have to go.”

“I’m not putting that thing anywhere near my dick,” Ron shook his head. The hair on his head tossed and shifted with every movement, falling over his shoulder and into his face.

“I told you we should have gone with waxing,” Hermione huffed.

“Fine,” Ron hissed as he took the straight razor from his sister and grabbed his wand. He went into one of the stalls and worked on getting the hair shortened around his cock. He spelled off the excess hair and then did the same thing for his armpits. 

“Change into this!” Ginny shouted as she tossed a dress over the top of the stall.

“No!” Ron scoffed as he held it up in front of him with some difficulty in the narrow space. If he were to put it on, the dress would have come a little higher than his hair  and that was pushing it. It was a pretty lavender color, the same that Harry had suggested Hermione wear to the Yule Ball in their fourth year. However, this dress was nearly strapless and shapeless. It curved vaguely inward where a woman’s hips would be but would hang down and cover any kind of unwanted body types.

“You have to. You’re not going to do this bet halfway!” Ginny called back.

“Don’t pretend like you don’t want to, Ronald. You’ve been eyeing Harry in the locker rooms since you and Lavender split up,” Hermione snorted.

“Who told you that?” He snapped as he tossed his sleep shirt over the top of the bathroom stall for his sister to catch.

“No one. I guessed and you confirmed it,” the older girl laughed.

“She’s lying. I know who told her,” Ginny called.

“Then who was it?” Ron asked as he shimmied the silky fabric over his body. It wrapped tightly around his ass and thighs, but hung loose just about everywhere else. 

“I’m not going to tell you who my informants are,” Ginny snorted.

Ron swung the door to the stall open and gave her a dull look before he threw his pajama pants at her face. “You’re a brat.”

“I know. Comes with being the favorite child,” she smirked and stuffed the clothing into her bag. 

Hermione had cleaned out her cauldron and dumped the rest of the hair-growing potion into vials for her to sell in the down low to the other girls in the school. “You look ridiculous,” she laughed, covering her mouth with one hand to try and muffle the noise.

“You picked out the dress,” he huffed as he felt his face flush. 

“I didn’t realize you had a bigger ass that McLaggin,” Ginny laughed.

“Shut up. I just want to get this over with,” he grumbled. He walked out of the bathroom ahead of the other two and stopped at the door. He pushed it open and made sure that none of the teachers or prefects were in the hallway before he slipped out and began down the hallway.

The trio managed to get back to their common room without being caught. They slipped into the dorm to be met with the cheers of the sixth year boys that had abandoned their bedroom for the night as part of the bet. There were blankets and pillows strewn about on the floor and over the couches and chairs.

“There he is!” Dean called, throwing his hands up in the air while making a clicking noise. “Gryffindor’s pretty boy!”

“Damn, Harry’s a lucky bloke,” Seamus laughed.

“Go get him, tiger,” Neville winked.

“Really, you too?” Ron asked with a groan.  

“Hey, people are finally making fun of someone other than me,” Neville snorted. “I’m not going to pass up a chance to be one of the boys.”

“Thanks,” Ron snorted as he walked up to the boy’s dorm. He reached behind him and pulled his dress down a couple times as he could feel their eyes on his ass.

“Ron,” Hermione caught his hand before he entered his room. “Remember, you can back out of this with the safeword. This is just supposed to be fun, not actual trauma.”

“I know,” he nodded as he wiggled his hand out her hold and walked in. 

“Took you long enough,” Harry smirked. The beds had been pushed together so that they were touching each other directly instead of spread out evenly. Harry was sitting on one of the chairs from downstairs in his casual day clothes. He had one arm draped over the back of it and the other hanging lazily down by his crotch in between his widely spread legs. 

“You can blame Hermione, she’s the one that took forever to brew the potion,” he replied as he shifted anxiously from foot to foot. His cock hardened slightly in his tight underwear, sticking up just slightly through the fabric of the dress as well.

“She fulfilled her part of the bet, now you have to come and seduce me,” he smirked.

“How am I supposed to do that?” Ron asked as a bright red flush crossed his features.

“Harry likes it when his pets give him lap dances,” Padma replied from where she was prettily laid out on the bed.

“You never let me sit on your lap, but he pulls me onto his lap almost as quickly as he pulls me onto that monster cock,” Lavender rolled her lip in between her teeth and winked at her ex.

Ron took a deep breath and glanced from side to side at both of the girls before he locked eyes with Harry. He had only ever seen what someone called a lap dance once when Hermione had been dared to give one to Seamus after a night of secret firewhiskey shots.

He took a couple careful steps forward, placing one foot directly in front of the other so that his hips sashayed slowly while he advanced on his best friend. When he reached the other man he placed both of his hands on Harry’s shoulders and dropped to the ground before he sprang up just as quickly. He moved his hips back and forth to the music in his head while spreading his legs slightly. He slipped onto Harry’s lap and rolled his hips forward seductively, earning himself a slight hiss as he grazed over Harry’s cock.

“Good,” Harry whispered as he reached down and pulled his pants and boxers down enough to let his cock escape its confines. The massive nine inch member bounced against his chest and sprayed a bit of precum onto the pretty dress Ron was wearing. “Padma,” he called.

“Of course,” the girl chirped. She stood up and took Ron off of Harry’s lap, putting him a yard away from the other man. She cast a spell on his legs and arms so that he would be able to seperate them or move from that spot on the floor.

“If you’re good you can try it too,” Lavender chirped as she sidled over to Harry’s side.

“I didn’t call you, go back to your bed,” Harry chided the girl to his right before he turned to his girlfriend.

Padma got down on her knees and placed both of her hands on his thighs. She was sitting slightly to his left, leaving plenty of room for Ron to be able to see everything she did. 

“Suck,” the man above her commanded as his hands wove through her thick black locks. 

Padma did as she was told and took the head into her mouth. She ran her tongue around the head a few times and made a loud slurping noise before she took another inch in. Her hand wrapped around the base of his cock and rubbed back and forth as she moved her head up and down slowly.

“You never could take much of me,” Harry chided as he bucked his head up slightly and caused her to gag and pull back. “Go back to your bed. Lavender, come here.”

“Of course, Harry,” she giggled as she got up off of the bed and rushed over to him. She got down in front of him and smiled sweetly as she moved over to the side to let Ron have a full view of the monster member in front of her.

“I want to fuck those pretty boobs of yours while you suck off my head,” he smirked after thinking for a moment.

“Mm, of course,” she nodded. She slowly undid her shirt, moving her chest back and forth slowly to shake her breasts slightly. She pulled the shirt back and off, discarding the fabric onto the floor before she undid her bra and revealed her nipples.

Ron bit back a small moan and bucked up into the confines of the clothing surrounding him. He stared even harder at her as she wrapped her breasts around the monstrous cock that his best friend held. Her mouth wrapped around the head and she mewled cutely. She pressed her tongue into the slit on the head of his dick as she slowly brought her chest up and down. Every time that her chest moved down she took more of the cock into her mouth. 

Harry wound her hair around his fingers and thrust up twice before Lavender’s cheeks bulged out as he cummed down her throat. She swallowed as much of it as she could and pulled back while gasping for breath. Pearly liquid dribbled from her lips and dripped onto her massive rack that she was still holding with both of her hands.

Harry pulled away from her and grabbed a tissue. He dabbed it across her face and ended up smearing the cum around unintentionally. Ron whimpered slightly and bucked upward in his confines before his cock twitched twice and he cummed in his underwear.

“You finally cummed?” Harry asked as he raised a single eyebrow. “I thought so. Come on, all three of you. It’s aftercare time.”



WARNINGS: Explicit sexual content, consensual infidelity, age gap, younger man/older woman, and younger man/older man


“Harry!” Draco called as his husband continued to move around the room. 

“Yes, dear?” he asked. He stopped short and placed his hands down by his sides in exasperation. 

“You can’t be serious about doing this,” Draco complained. He slowly hauled himself up from the chair he had been spread over. His hands grasped the bottom of his stomach to help support himself as he moved.

“I’m very serious about doing this. You agreed to it last night,” he replied as he turned to the mirror and held one tie up to his neck before he decided on the other.

“I know that I agreed to this last night,” he whined as he turned to follow Harry towards the en suite bathroom in their rooms.

“If you’re nervous about me returning back to you, I promise that I will,” he soothed. He left the tie hanging undone around his neck and kissed his lips. “You’re just too pregnant to be able to meet my needs and I need another outlet. Your parents are old fashioned and offered.”

“Sometimes I hate the fact that my father was a beta,” he whispered as he leaned into the touch of his mate.

“Nothing will come of this, I promise,” he beamed.

“Just some kinky fucking,” he huffed with a slight roll of his eyes.

“Exactly. I get off a couple times and then I come back to you and our little ones with no strings attached,” he smiled softly and placed a hand on the omega’s extended stomach. 

“And If I go into labor you’ll come back immediately?” Draco asked.

“Of course,” Harry repeated the answer that he had gotten more than used to saying whenever Draco asked that question. He turned back to the mirror and finished dressing before he led his mate back to the nest resting on top of their bed. “I’m sure you’ll still be pregnant when I get back. Just rest and relax. I’ll bring you dinner.”

“Make sure to bring the chocolate sauce this time,” the omega nodded as he carefully clambered over the soft walls into his nest. He cuddled down and wrapped one arm around his belly as he slowly fell asleep.

Harry chuckled softly and then quickly hurried out of their rooms. He passed by countless hallways that were filled with artifacts and paintings and led to offices and god knows what else. He had his eyes set on a specific dining room that he had been invited to by his mate’s parents after they had found out that Draco’s condition no longer allowed him to fulfill his omega duties.

The alpha paused as he reached the door. He took a deep breath and then pushed it open with one hand. He made sure to square his shoulders and hold his head up high like the proper alpha that he was desperately trying to be.

“Mr. Potter, how fit for you to finally join us,” Narcissa smiled slyly as she set her half full wine glass back down on the green tablecloth.

“I was soothing my omega,” he replied as he walked to his spot on the other side of Lucious.

“How is our son?” the beta asked as he carefully cut the slab of meat on his plate.

“He’s bound to go into labor any day now,” Harry replied as he picked up his own wine glass and sipped a bit of the alcohol to calm his nerves.

“Speaking of which. His impending due date is the reason that we invited you to dinner in the first place. Since our son can no longer perform his duties, it falls upon us as we have no other children to do it,” Narcissa said carefully.

“Of course,” Harry nodded as he cleared his throat and set the glass back down.

“Now, Mr. Potter. Which of us would you like first and how? Dinner won’t be over until you’ve been thoroughly dealt with and can no longer…” the older wizard trailed off and cleared his throat. 

“I think jumping from my husband to a beta would be too fast, so I would like to have Narcissa first,” he replied. 

“How?” she asked as she speared a vegetable with her fork and brought it to her perfectly sculpted lips.

“I wouldn’t mind seeing if Draco inherited your cunt,” he replied quickly.

“So vulgar. No wonder my little one chose you as his mate,” Narcissa laughed as she got up and rounded the table. She got down on her knees and slipped underneath the tablecloth.

Harry stared in front of him at his untouched plate of food as he tried to not think too hard about what he was doing. He was perfectly okay with what he was doing but something deep inside of him felt guilty when he thought about it too hard. He grabbed his fork and knife just as Narcissa removed his pants and exposed his cock to the open air. 

He cut into the meat and brought a slice of it to his mouth as the blood rushed down to his cock and hardened the length. Narcissa moved so that she was on her hands and knees and then pressed her dripping wet cunt back onto him. He bit back a moan and focused on chewing his food. 

The woman below the table began to move forward and then slid back onto the thick length behind her. Every so often, she let out small mewls of pleasure as Harry’s length was so much better than her husband’s. The alpha inside of her focused on eating his meal and drinking the wine set in front of him. He couldn't ignore the pleasure that echoed through him from the way that she clamped down around him as she moved. She wasn’t nearly as warm or tight as his husband, but she was still an omega and very pleasurable.

“What would you do if I impregnated your wife and your son?” Harry asked as he felt his gut tighten slightly with the need to cum. 

“I would be honored,” Lucious said earnestly as he set his utensils down on either side of his plate. 

Harry thrust forward once and felt his cock twitch as thick white stripes began to paint the walls of his lover’s mother. He slowly pulled out of her and grabbed his napkin to clean off the excess cum that had spilled out of her with his member’s removal.

“Would you want me to impregnate you as well?” Harry asked as he stood up. He walked behind the beta and placed a careful hand on the back of his chair.

“Yes, Mr. Potter,” the beta nodded.

“Get up and put your hands on the table,” Harry instructed.

He nodded and did as he was told. The alpha walked behind him and undid his belt, pulling his pants and underwear down so that they were around his ankles. Narcissa rose up from underneath the table and sat on the ground, flushed and obviously aroused as she watched.

Harry stroked his cock twice and felt the blood rush to his member again. He pressed the head to the beta’s cunt and then pushed in with one fluid movement. He brought his hips back and then shoved in as quickly as he wanted. 

“Wine?” he asked Narcissa, holding his hand out expectantly. She did as she was told and brought him his glass as he kept fucking in and out of her husband. He took a long sip as he shoved all the way into the beta and moved his hips in a perfect circle.

He didn’t last as long as he had with Narcissa and ended up spilling inside of the beta just as Lucious bucked his hips down and soiled the tablecloth with his cum. Harry slowly pulled out of him and used his napkin to clean himself up before he tucked his cock back into his pants. 

“Lucious, that was my favorite tablecloth,” Narcissa complained as she returned back to her seat.

“I’ll buy you another one,” he sighed as he pulled his pants up and sat back down as well.

“Thank you for entertaining me, but I did promise to bring my omega dinner,” Harry smiled curtly and then quickly walked out of the room. He did feel better, which is why people back then did this, he supposed. He brought the food to his omega, like requested and spent the rest of Draco’s pregnancy by his side.




The anger sat in the pit of her stomach as she walked slowly down the aisle with her arm intertwined with Sirius’. She stood at the edge of the platform, looking down at the door while the other bridesmaids and groomsmen made their way down the aisle and to their own specific locations. 

The feeling of resentment and hatred bubbled up into her eyes as her smile slipped slightly while she watched James and his mother walk down the aisle. The elderly woman went to her pews and James stood where he was supposed to, in the groom position. 

Her stomach flipped with excitement as Petunia began to slowly walk down the aisle with her father and mother on either side. Lily couldn’t help but feel the love she held for her sister swirl inside of her heart, ebbing away the anger and hatred that she had for her sister’s soon-to-be husband. 

The fierce hatred that she harbored inside of her returned with a vengeance as Petunia and James began to exchange their vows, and then the rings, and then their saliva.

She wanted to scream.

She wanted to object.

She wanted to make everyone else realize how awful this man was. 

He had taken her sister away from her and trapped her in a marriage where they would barely every see each other.

But instead of acting on any of her feelings she watched the newly wedded couple make their way down the aisle and disappear out of the chapel. She walked out with Sirius on her arm again and stayed for the pictures that happened near the ceremony hall. 

As soon as eyes were off of her, she hurried to her car and drove home. She couldn’t bear the thought of not having her sister be only hers anymore. Maybe some other day, but not when everyone was going to be telling James what a wonderful woman he had gotten. It would just pound the idea that Petunia wasn’t hers anymore into place. 

Instead, Lily retreated to her lonely apartment that she had once shared with her sister. She stripped her dress off and tossed it into the bathtub. She watched the ornate lighter that James had gotten her last Christmas as a gag gift and set the fabric on fire. The smell of burning cotton and polyester filled the tiny bathroom as the fabric melted and burnt.

Her lungs heaved in desperation to get air as she began to sob and cry. Tears rushed down her face as she tugged Petunia’s old jumper over her head and hugged the woolen sweater close to her. She couldn’t believe that today was the day that she lost her sister.

She poured herself a glass of cheap wine and downed the entire thing in under a minute. She quickly abandoned the receptacle and focused on downing the alcohol straight from the bottle while crying on her couch.

Nothing was ever going to be the same again. Not without her sister




“There’s just something about her,” James mumbled into his pillow.

“Lily? I thought the two of you agreed that you were going to stay friends,” Sirius said as he looked up from where he had been toying with Remus’s hair.

“No, her sister,” James said as he turned his head to the side so that he could actually be heard.

“The muggle?” Peter questioned.

“Shut up,” Remus hissed as he narrowed his eyes at the fourth member of their group. “There’s nothing wrong with a wizard being in love with a non-magical person.”

“No, that’s just it,” James objected as he sat up and tucked his legs underneath him. “It’s like she is magical, but I know she’s not.”

“Maybe she got a letter from Hogwarts and turned it down,” Sirius laughed. 

“I don’t think so. Lily would have mentioned it, wouldn’t she? And I’m not sure you can actually reject a letter from Hogwarts,” Remus shook his head.

“Your dad tried, didn’t he?” Peter piped up.

“Peter, seriously. What is it with you today?” the werewolf groaned.

“I mean, Lily has magic so it is possible that her sister has some sort of magic but not enough to come to school,” Sirius shrugged.

“I guess,” James said as he flopped back onto the guest bed. The four boys were staying in the Evans’ spare room for their two week stint with them. They normally spend a month away from home together, going from each member's house to the others, but since Lily and Severus had been added to their friend group, they need to extend the vacationing period out a bit.

“Maybe you’re in love with her,” Peter snickered.

“No! I just got out of love with an Evans,” the raven-haired male groaned as he placed his arms over his face.

“That and the fact that she’s untouchable,” Peter piped up as he grabbed the bag of jellybeans the group had been playing their most recent game with. 

“Untouchable?” Remus asked.

“I think he’s talking about Severus,” Sirius replied. “The two seem like they’re even closer than the four of us.”

“Just because she’s friends with someone doesn’t mean that I can’t-” James stopped himself before he continued and flushed again. 

“You are in love with her!” Sirius exclaimed before he let out a loud laugh. “God, James! You dated her sister!”

“For like a week,” the other teenager hissed as he reached out and hit his friend’s shoulder to try and get him to stop laughing.

“You still dated her sister. And as we’ve already discussed, she’s off limits,” Remus pointed out.

“Who’s off limits?” Lily asked as she opened the door to the bedroom and hurried in. 

“No one,” James immediately responded as he sat up on the bed. 

“James is-” Sirius began but Remus elbowed him in the ribs before he could finish.

“I leave you four alone for three minutes and you’ve already gotten yourselves in trouble,” the redhead rolled her eyes. “Come on, Mum and Dad said that we could go to the mall and I can show you purebloods what muggle things are cool.”

“How do you know we’re in trouble?” Peter asked as they all got up and began to collect their belongings. 

“Because you’re always in trouble,” Lily deadpanned as she slipped out of the room. 

James slipped off the bed and tugged his shoes on before he rushed after her. He still wasn’t quite used to wearing muggle clothing all the time and was in his adjusting phase, so he was a little low. “Wait, Lily,” he called.

“Hmm? I was just going to get my wallet before we left,” she said as she turned to face him.

“Is your sister going to be coming with us?” he asked, trying desperately to ignore the flutter of excitement in his gut.

“Yeah. She and Severus were the ones that suggested we take you,” Lily nodded.

James couldn’t stop the grin that split his face in two as the words left her mouth. He paused and cleared his throat as he flushed slightly with embarrassment. “Right, uh,” he nodded. “Yeah.”

“You’re so weird sometimes, Potter,” she snickered as she quickly made her way down the rest of the hall and got her belongings. 

When they reached the mall, there was a lot of marveling and staring at all of the strange items from James, Peter, and Sirius. Remus hung back with Severus while they chatted about summer homework or other scholarly things.

Petunia surged forward from where she had been walking with her sister and wrapped her arm around James’. “Come on, I want you to show me if you’re as good at everything as Lily says you are.”

“Hmm?” the Gryffindor asked as his cheeks slowly tinted pink. His heart beat rapidly in his chest and he felt like he had the first time that he had seen Lily back when they were eleven. 

“There are these machines, where you put a coin in and then you can operate a machine to get a toy,” she explained as she brought him to a small arcade type shop in the mall. She dug through her purse and pulled out a coin, pushing it in the slot. She grabbed hold of the controller and began to move the claw around the box full of stuffed animals before her eyes set on one specific prize.

James watched her every move with intense fascination, taking in her every moment in case she would disappear like a dream. She cursed as the prize she wanted dropped just outside of the box and the claw returned to its starting location.

“See? Now you try,” she said as she stepped aside. She dug another coin out of her purse and handed it to him.

“I don’t think I’ll be able to do this. You sure you don’t want to ask someone else that’s actually been around Muggle stuff for longer than a week?” he asked, raising an eyebrow as he took it from her.

“No, I want you to do it,” she said firmly.

“Why?”

“Think of it as a test. You win me the prize and I’ll give you a reward,” she said secretively as she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.

James felt the awkward crush from earlier slowly slip away and get replaced by his normal suaveness. He pushed the coin into the slot and took hold of the controller. He moved the claw around until it was on top of the toy Petunia had been trying to get earlier and released it down. The machine clamped down around it and he moved the claw over the box that would allow them to get the toy, releasing a moment too early. 

The toy paused for a split second before it changed and fell into the box despite having been right next to it before. James turned and saw the blond flushed a bright red color and what looked like a wand sticking awkwardly out of her purse.

The teenager reached inside and pulled out the stuffed stag, handing it to her with a smirk. “So, what’s my reward?”

“This,” she murmured as she took it. She leaned forward and pressed a quick kiss to his lips before she rushed off to where Severus was standing and looking rather cross.



WARNINGS: Explicit sexual content, pregnancy kink, impregnation, polyamory, and A/B/O dynamics


The soft voice of their omega drifted through their comfortable home, reminding them both how lucky they were. Ron was seated with his back against the couch and their son leaning back against his chest while seated in his lap. The omega had a book opened in front of them and was slowly reading off the words while doing the voices that Scorpius adored.

“The end,” Ron finished, closing the book softly so that he didn’t startle the toddler that was already starting to drift off. He set the picture book on the couch behind him and then gracefully stood up with the toddler cradled against his chest. He moved Scorpius so that the little beta had his legs almost wrapped around his chest and his head leaning against his mother’s shoulder. Ron kept a hand under his son’s bum and the other on the back of his hand.

“Whenever you hold him like that it reminds me of when he was a baby,” Harry said softly as he walked behind the omega to help and put their son to bed.

“Mm,” he nodded in reply as he focused on laying the toddler down in his bed. He tucked the blanket around him securely and cast the nightlight spell before he brought the door close to being shut.

“You’re such a good mother,” Draco praised as he wrapped his arms around the omega’s waist and kissed the scent gland on his neck.

“I wanna have another baby,” Ron hummed while he placed his arms on top of Draco’s.

“Really?” Harry asked, turning to face his mates.

“Yeah. Scorpius is getting bigger, and Mum said that three is a good time to introduce another child if you’re going to,” Ron nodded. “That and my heat is coming up.”

“If your heat is approaching are you sure that this isn’t just instincts talking?” Draco asked carefully as he slowly began to move them towards the bedroom.

“No, I’ve been thinking about this for a while and I really do want it,” Ron whispered. He pulled away from his alpha and got into the nest before releasing a chirp to tell them that they could enter.

Both alphas quickly did so, crawling over the huge walls and cuddling up close to their omega. Harry wrapped Ron in a hug and brought him to a lying position while Draco tucked himself around the omega from the other side.

“We’d be delighted to give you another baby, omega,” Harry whispered. Ron was already starting to release heat pheromones with his normal orange scent and being so close to him was beginning to drive him wild.

The redhead keened and arched his back so that he was pressing further into both alphas. His heat finally swamped him, raising his temperature slightly and causing slick to gush out of his opening.

“Our omega needs us,” Draco whispered as he pulled away from Ron. He removed his sleep shirt and threw it over the nest so that it landed on the ground. He moved to his pants while Harry’s hands wandered up and down Ron’s hips while also straying to his stomach every so often. 

“Alphas,” Ron breathed as he shifted and spread his legs in desperation to have one of them inside of him. 

“We’re here,” Harry soothed as his hands quickly unbuttoned his mate’s sleep shirt and removed the fabric from him. They had spent enough of Ron’s heats together to know that he could barely stand any kind of clothing while in his hot spell.

“Harry, you get to go second,” Malfoy whispered as he removed the omega’s pants and tossed them into the clothing pile where his own bottoms had been discarded. The raven-haired alpha nodded in understanding and moved away from them a small bit.

Draco leaned down and bit over his mating mark as he grabbed the base of his cock and slowly slipped into their mate. Ron moaned and arched into the touches. He flung his arms around the blond alpha’s neck and wrapped his legs around the other’s hips. The alpha pulled his cock out a small bit before he thrust back in with one fluid movement of his hips.

“Alpha,” the omega keened happily with the feeling of the member so deep inside him.

“Perfect, taking me so well,” Draco whispered as he licked over the renewed mating mark. The saliva would help it heal and make Ron smell even more strongly of him than before. He leaned them down so that he was on his knees and elbows with Ron’s head resting on the pillows. He pulled his hips back as much as he could with their position and began to pound into his mate.

“Oh!” the omega crooned. “Alpha, make me cum! Please, I need it,” he begged as tears of desperation leaked out of his closed eyes.

“I’ll make you cum,” Draco whispered as his thrusts slowed slightly. His hips stuttered a few times before he arched upwards and dragged his member against the back of his omega’s sensitive walls. 

“Ah,” Ron whispered as he clamped down around the cock inside of him and orgasmed. Draco let out a small growl as he felt pleasure explode inside of him and rush throughout his every nerve. He unleashed his load inside of his mate and then slowly pulled out when he came down from his orgasm.

The omega took a couple deep breaths as slick continued to leak out of him and down onto the sheets below. He flipped himself over and spread his legs so that his cunt was on full view for his mates. “Harry, need you too,” he mewled, pushing himself back. He pressed his forehead against the cool fabric of the pillow his head was resting on and gripped it with his hands.

“You’ll get me,” Harry promised as he removed his cock from his pants and got behind the omega. He stroked his member twice, causing precum to ooze out of it before he pressed the tip into the already wrecked omega. He moved his hips forward a bit and slowly pressed into his lover. 

The alpha bent slowly over the redhead beneath him as his cock moved fully into him. He bit down on the other mating mark that Ron’s neck held, reinforcing their bond as well. 

He sat up so that he was kneeling on the bed and took hold of Ron’s hips with both of his hands. He pulled back slightly so that only the first inch of his member were inside of his lover before he thrust entirely into him. 

The omega let out a near screaming orgasm as he pushed his face into the nest. He moved his hips back to meet the alpha every time he thrust into his cunt. “Holy,” he breathed as his second orgasm began to creep up on him.

“I’m going to fuck you so full of baby,” Harry whispered as his hands tightened to the point of bruisng the skin below him slightly.

Ron mewled loudly and clamped down around the thick member inside of him, orgasming harder than he had in a long while. Harry bucked his hips in again and cummed deep inside of his fertile womb. 

He remained inside of the omega as he wound his arms around his lover’s waist. He sat back in his thighs and spread Ron’s legs so that Draco could fit himself in between them. The blond alpha ran his hands down Ron’s chest, over his sensitive nipples and then down his belly to his clit. He rubbed the bundle of nerves in a single circle before the fingers strayed all the way down to his cunt. 

Draco pressed a finger into the already stretched opening of his lover, as if he were testing the elasticity. Ron moaned and bucked his hand down onto the hand that was teasing his clit as Draco pumped the finger in and out of him. When Ron was stretched enough, he added a second and then a third until he was sure the omega was open. He stroked his cock twice and then slowly pushed into the redhead so that both alphas were buried deep inside of him. 

“Oh,” Ron whined as he leaned his head back on Harry’s shoulder and let both alphas use him like a personal fuck toy. Harry raised his hips up slightly and then dropped the omega down on them both. The redhead let out little whimpers of pleasure every time that he was brought up and then dropped down onto the thick members below him.

“So good for us,” Draco praised as he thrust up to meet the dropping of his mate. “You’re going to get so big and pregnant for us.”

“Please, want,” Ron whispered as the hot spell intensified since he was so close to the cold spell. He paused after about five minutes of the overwhelming pleasure and let out a sob as he orgasmed around their cocks.

Draco moaned and orgasmed deep inside of the omega, shoving his knot in as well. The other alpha’s orgasm tipped Harry over the edge and he shot his load deep inside of their mate as well.

“That was amazing,” Ron whispered as he rolled his hips and felt both knots pulling against his rim.

“You’re telling me,” Harry laughed as he grabbed the wet wipes and tissues from the bedside drawer and used them to clean the omega. They could move all tied together like this, so they had to make do with what little they had available.

“Do you think it’ll take?” Ron yawned as he let himself be moved around so that he could be cleaned.

“I think that we have another week to make sure that it’ll take,” Draco beamed as he kissed the omega’s cheek.

“I hope so,” he giggled and nuzzled against them happily.

Nearly two months later, the omega surprised his alpha by dressing their son in a shirt that read ‘Worlds Best Big Brother.’



WARNINGS: Historically accurate homophobia, and gore/blood

“Ginny, I don’t think that this is a good idea,” Hermione whispered as she caught her girlfriend’s hand and pressed them together. Her eyes darted around the decrepit hallway that they were venturing down. 

The only light was coming from the flashlight that the redhead had gripped in her hand, but it was enough to illuminate the eerie paintings that lined the walls. The wallpaper was peeling and torn, like a beast or someone with a knife and attacked them. The floors were uneven and warped from the water damage that had been caused by the numerous holes in the second floor. There were overturned tables and shattered objects that may have cost a fortune when they were bought, but were now just garbage. 

“You said that you would be willing to do anything for my eighteen birthday since Harry and Ron moved away last year,” she defended as she took another couple cautious steps.

“I didn’t know that anything would include walking through a house that’s probably going to give us radiation poisoning,” she hissed.

“It’s a haunted house, not a nuclear testing facility,” Ginny rolled her eyes in slight annoyance.

“Fine, but these walls are falling down and they were probably built before there were any sort of codes put in place. We could inhale asbestos,” she complained.

“You know, most people would be scared about ghosts when walking through a house where a couple people have gone missing but I guess being scared about inhaling toxic chemicals is more like you,” she teased. She paused for a minute and turned, pressing a quick kiss to her lips.

“I don’t believe in ghosts. I do believe that there could be some kind of crazy meth addict hiding in here,” she grumbled as she held tighter to Ginny’s hand and kept walking.

“How do you explain the disappearances, if there are no ghosts?” she asked, shining her flashlight into another one of the rooms.

“Is that a library?” Hermione gasped, her eyes lighting up with shock and excitement.

“I told you that there would be something you enjoyed about this,” Ginny laughed as she stepped over the threshold and down into the carpeted room. 

The carpet had once been a very plush red color, but now it was matted with water and animal feces, turning it a nauseating brown color. The walls were all lined with floor to ceiling bookshelves that only lapsed on the north wall where several heavy drapes were pulled over huge windows. The books were still all in their proper locations, but the water from the leaky second floor had turned them all slightly damp. There was an ornate table in the center of the room with several plush chairs surrounding it in varying disarray. There were a couple of papers, pens, and old kerosene lamps littered over the table

Hermione released Ginny’s hand and rushed around the table to get to the windows. She grasped them and dragged them to the side, letting the light of the full moon and town surrounding them flood into the room.

“It’s like in Beauty and the Beast,” she breathed as she turned around and looked over the once-grand room. It was almost as if someone had turned the entire room slightly grey, dulling the colors down significantly. 

“Hermione, this is so cool. These books are probably over a hundred years old,” Ginny beamed. “It’s not even that vandalized. I wonder if there are other rooms like this.”

“Imagine what this room looked like in its prime,” she beamed.

“It was wonderful,” a new voice said from behind them.

Both girls screamed and jumped closer to each other while huddling into a corner. Ginny grasped the flashlight tighter and pointed it in the direction of the voice. 

In the doorway of the library there was a tall ghost, dressed in a long grey gown that had been torn across the stomach. The ghost had wild black hair that fell down over her eyes and across her deathly pale skin. The worst part was that the slash in her dress had gone through her skin so that her intestines spilled out slightly, oozing blood and other bodily fluids down her form. On the back of her head there was a large wound with blood, brains, and bone clinging to the hair around it.

“What is that?” Hermione gagged as she placed a hand over her mouth in horror.

“Didn’t your mother ever teach you that it was rude to stare?” the ghost asked.

Ginny opened her mouth to reply but quickly thought better of it and shut it again. Hermione wrapped both of her arms around her girlfriend and shied away from the doorway across from them.

“You could get killed in my day for acting like that with another woman,” the ghost hissed as she slowly moved forward. “Do you want to know what I was killed for?”

“Ghosts aren’t real, this is just a prank,” Hermione whined. 

“I WAS KILLED FOR FALLING IN LOVE WITH TWO WOMEN!” the ghost screeched as she floated through the table and then lunged at them. As she moved and her anger increased, several of the objects on the table rose a few feet.

Ginny let out a defiant shout and puffed up her chest as she tried to make herself big enough to defend her girlfriend.

“We-we’re sorry that you were born in a time that didn’t allow you to be yourself,” Hermione said as she wracked her brain for ways to deal with ghosts and came up with almost nothing. 

“Maybe if we help you move on then you can be reborn in a better time,” Ginny offered as the last ghost movie that Fred and George had shown to her resurfaced.

“You two want to help me move on?” the ghost asked as she calmed down a small bit. The books and papers that had been floating moments before collapsed back down onto the table.

“Yeah,” Hermione nodded. “It’s not fair to let someone have to live in eternal torment all by themselves,” she was only half-lying. She did hope that they could help the ghost, but at the same time she just wanted to get out of the house and return back to the warm living room of the Weasley estate.

“Oh. How are you going to do that?” the ghost questioned.

“First, can you tell us what your name is?” Ginny asked.

“My name is Bellatrix Lestrange,” she replied, the mad smile slipping back onto her face.

“I feel like I know that name,” Hermione murmured as she slowly detached herself from around her girlfriend. 

“I think it was in the history project you helped me with last semester,” Ginny nodded. 

“That’s right! You were supposed to marry the local duke so that your parents could get more money but you were found in a compromising situation with the library maid and a noble woman just below your family status wise,” Hermione nodded as she snapped her fingers together.

“They were the loves of my life,” Bellatrix murmured. 

“And you were killed for loving them,” Ginny nodded. “What do you think your unfinished business is?”

“I have to get revenge on those who killed me, and take care of the library. She loved it so much,” the ghost looked around the huge collection of books with a wistful expression.

“I’m going to petition the city to let me restore this house. It’s an important part of the history in town and that way you’ll be able to move on,” Hermione said as she followed the ghost’s gaze to the lines of books. 

“Hermione, that’s a wonderful idea!” Ginny beamed.

“Hermione?” the ghost asked, her eyes shimmering with what could have been considered recognition. “That was her name too, my love’s.” Her form slowly began to shimmer, like the connection to this world was fading. She closed her eyes and for a moment she looked beautiful.

Her dress was a lovely shade of black, fitting her form wonderfully before spilling out into a full skirt at the bottom.The lace around her collarbone was back to its original glory and her skin regained a healthy hue, though she was still very pale. Her hair was pleated back in perfect braids and seemingly sewn down close to her skull. The wounds from before disappeared as she closed her eyes and vanished.

Hermione kept her promise, and wrote a lengthy and very thoroughly researched essay about why they needed to restore the house. The city was thoroughly impressed and signed over the rights to the mansion so that she would be able to do what she needed.

She got the second floor repaired, and then sent all of the furniture away so that it could be repaired. A lot of the clothing and sheets and curtains had to be scrapped due to the mold. The wallpaper also had to go and a lot of the inner walls had to be replaced. They managed to save a good portion of the original wood and the stained glass that hung above most of the windows. 

The rooms all got new wallpaper that looked exactly like what they had to take down. The floors all got to stay with the exception of the spots that had been rotted out. The kitchen hadn’t been damaged very badly, nor were the bathrooms so they had all their original tile. The plumbing throughout the house was replaced to safer pipes and recreation sinks, bathtubs, and toilets. 

She added central heating and AC, as well as electrical outlets in discrete places where they wouldn’t look too out of place. The original kerosene lamps were replaced with electric lamps that looked almost exactly like the originals had. 

She painted the siding back to the yellow that it had been in its prime and spent hours making sure that the intricate gingerbread finishes were perfectly accented.

When the actual house was finished being fixed up, Hermione got furniture that would fit it with the exception of a couple modern things like a television and computers.

She saved the library for last, since it was the most important room to her. She had to send a lot of the books away to museums and archives since they were the original victorian volumes, but she managed to get modern copies of almost every single book. She also made sure to add a pride flag next to the picture of the ghost that they had seen.

Hermione flipped open her most recent novel as she sipped her tea. Ginny was next to her, writing more into the script that they were going to use to talk about the house. Both girls had moved into it as it only seemed fitting that such a grand house have people loving it constantly instead of being turned into a museum. 

“Um,” a strangely familiar voice said. 

“Can I help you?” Hermione asked politely as she looked up.

The woman was standing in front of their table with a coffee cup clutched in her hand. She had wild, curly black hair that was barely contained in a ponytail. She was wearing a simple black dress that went down to her knees and was covered with black lace. 

“I just-something compelled me to come over here,” she smiled awkwardly.

“You know, if you’re a fan you can just say it,” Ginny laughed.

“Don’t be rude, Ginevra,” Hermione scolded playfully.

“I do actually want to tour that house. Apparently I’m descended from some of the people that lived there back in the day and I’d love to see if in person,” she flushed.

“Of course,” Hermione beamed and nodded.

The woman grinned widely. “My friend’s call me Bella, but my name’s actually Bellatrix.”



WARNINGS: Homophobia, torture, blood/gore, injuries, death scare, and polyamory

NOTE: 7/20 the rules have been updated to include limiting prompts and the three-strikes terms. Any prompts requested before this time do not apply.

Remus knew that something was going to wrong as soon as they had started off on the mission. He normally just had worries that formed a pit as big as the Hogwarts lake in his stomach, but this time he was suddenly filled with dread as they left the safehouse. 

He joined hands with Fabian and Gideon as they walked away from the safety barrier where they could actually apparate. They all focused for a moment and the dizzying feeling consumed them. They popped back into reality in the middle of the house that they were supposed to be sneaking through.

“Gideon,” Fabian hissed as his eyes widened when he finally realized where they were. 

“Sorry, I had only seen the pictures from the inside,” he hushed. 

“If you had actually read the mission file like Dumbledore said to we would have landed in a safe location outside,” the older twin poked his brother in the chest.

“You’re one to talk. You didn’t even know what we were looking for the last time that we went on a mission,” Gideon replied hostilely.

“If you two keep being so loud then someone is definitely going to find us,” Remus objected.

They all turned to face the door as footsteps cautiously echoed through the hallways. 

Remus turned and quickly looked over the room, taking in everything that was littered around. They had apparently popped into someone’s bedroom or study, because there was a bed, desk, several bookshelves, wardrobe and a plush chair in front of the huge window.

He grabbed Gideon and yanked him underneath the bed. Fabian looked at them with wide eyes before he spotted the wardrobe and flung the door open. He had just clambered inside and shut the doors when whoever was coming opened the door and walked in.

Remus took in the size of his boots and his gate, deducing that whoever it was, was male. He clamped a hand over his mouth and nose while watching the man move slowly around the bed. He flinched back as he saw the face pop up on the other side of his lover, giving them away.

“I knew it,” he growled as he reached underneath the frame and took hold of Gideon’s arm.

The redhead scrambled for his wand in his pocket but the magical stick was knocked from his hand and left in the dust under the bed with Remus. The werewolf grasped it and tucked it into his own shirt just as someone grabbed him from the other side and dragged him out from underneath the bed. 

Apparently while he had been watching the singular man, other Death Eaters had entered and were searching the room. He tried to look everywhere other than the wardrobe as the man holding him growled, “Where are the others? We know they never just send two of you.”

“It’s a recon mission, they didn’t want to draw forces too thin just in case,” Gideon lied.

“I told you that they were stupid,” a pale blond smirked as she walked through the room. She grabbed Remus’ face and brought his eyes to her and for a moment he thought that Andromeda was standing in front of him. He quickly realized that this was Narcissa, the middle sister and second least crazy. 

“Aww, the puppy has his tale in between his legs,” the man holding Remus sneered as he ripped his face out of her hands and glared darkly at her. 

“Bring them to the living room and my husband can deal with them,” Narcissa said dismissively as she hurried out of the bedroom.

Remus was shoved forward by his captor and stumbled down the hallway until they reached a large, grand room. He looked up to see the fourth and fifth member of the group of Death Eaters that were planning on hurting them. He bit back a couple of comments that popped into his mind and looked over to Gideon who was being shoved onto his knees in front of the blond haired menace. 

Remus grunted as he was pushed down with a heavy hand on his shoulder. He collapsed down, bracing himself with his hands as his knees forcibly buckled.

“Don’t hurt him,” Gideon said quickly as he heard the sickening crack as Remus hit the floor.

“Why? Is he your pet?” the non-blond Death Eater that Remus recognized as Antonin Dolohov sneered at his lover.

“Remus is one of the best wizards from our year. He’s a human and not a pet,” the redhead snarled as he lunged forward. He was hauled back by the Death Eater that had pulled him out from under the bed and a binding spell was placed on his wrists and feet. 

The younger of the two glanced down at his pocket and began to calculate a plan to get them out of the situation. He would have to do something to distract the Death Eaters, get to his wand and remember the spell that would work best to get them out of there.

“Now, what were you doing here?” Lucius hissed as he walked forward and approached Gideon.

“None of your business,” the redhead sassed.

“I think it is my business, since you’re in my house,” he growled as he pulled his wand from his robes. He stuck the wood underneath Gideon’s jaw, tilting his head up slightly. “Now I’ll ask you again, what are you doing here?”

Gideon took in a sharp breath and grinned with that mischief that Remus loved so much. All thoughts of a plan had gone from his mind as he waited with baited breath to see how his lover planned to escape. The twins had always been the ones to get them out of sticky situations. 

“None. Of. Your. Business,” he repeated, slow and patronizing.

“Fine. If you want to play it that way,” Lucius stood up and carefully pointed his wand at the younger man. 

As the magic word left his mouth Remus let out a feral, gut wrenching scream. He turned his head from the blond to his lover with just enough time to watch the spell shoot him back across the room. His head knocked back into the wall with a sickening crunch and Gideon turned to the side, retching up his lunch.

“Good, it’s my turn,” Antonin grinned wickedly as he advanced on the injured wizard. He pressed his wand to Gideon’s thigh and spoke a spell that was normally used for surgeries.

“Merlin!” the redhead swore as a gaping wound formed over his leg, the blood gushing out all over his pants.

“ Petrificus Totalus! ” Fabian shouted as he appeared at the doorway. The man behind Remus tightened up and fell over onto the ground, unable to move thanks to the binding spell.

“ Crucio !” Narcissa spat and the other twin crumpled down to the ground, screaming in pain.

“Stop!” Remus shouted as he tried to release himself from the binding spell on his arms.

Narcissa just laughed as she kept the spell going and slowly advanced on the taller of the two twins. Fabian curled in on himself, his teeth clenched together and his eyes shut so tight that the muscles all around his head ached.

Remus finally removed his arms from the ropes and grabbed his wand. He turned to the two Death Eaters behind him and cast binding spells on the both of them before he kicked Lucius in the balls for good measure. He turned back to the people hurting his lovers and watched for a moment as Antonin continued to cast spells over Gideon. 

Rage blinded him and the only thing that he could think about was getting them to safety before they died. Narcissa had switched with the other Death Eater and soon Fabian was covered in blood as well. Remus sent a message spell back to the Order, telling them that they would need immediate medical attention when they got back to the headquarters. 

He cast a binding spell on both of the remaining Death Eaters and then grabbed Antonin by his collar. He hauled him up into the air and then slammed him against the wall while growling close to his face. Luckily, the spell he had chosen to stop him from hurting his lovers just made him fall limp instead of going rigid.

“I hope you burn in hell,” he whispered as he hauled his spare hand back and punched him so hard that his nose pressed inward as it broke. He dropped the Death eater and then kicked Narcissa’s arm out of the way as he stepped around them to get to his more injured lover.

“I told him, Remus,” Gideon whispered as the werewolf bent down to assess his injuries. Just the sight of his lover that injured pushed all spells out of his mind and he had no idea how to help him.

“It doesn’t matter. Nothing matters anymore,” he whispered as he choked back sobs. He wound his arm around the redhead’s chest and placed the less bleeding arm over his shoulders as he stood up. He placed Gideon next to Fabian on the floor and grabbed both of their hands.

“Hey Remus,” Fabian called before he had a chance to apparate them. He turned to the side and coughed a couple times, showing blood stained teeth as he turned back to smile. “If I don’t make it, Gideon’s allowed to keep you all to himself.”

“You’re going to make it,” he said weakly as he closed his eyes and focused as hard as he could.

“Wretched fags,” Lucius hissed as he removed a knife from the bottom of his cane. Just as Remus had worked up enough concentration and magic to apparate them back to the safehouse, the blond crossed over and stabbed Fabian in the gut.

They disappeared from the now blood-stained room and appeared in the middle of Sirius Black’s living room. 

“They’re back!” Molly screeched as she heard the sound and rushed in from the kitchen. She had her youngest child wrapped close to her chest in a baby sling as she hurried over to them. “Oh Merlin.”

Remus gripped Gideon’s shirt tightly as he heard the redhead take in a few ragged breaths and then stop.

“I’ll get them upstairs, someone help Remus calm down,” Sirius shouted as he rushed to the other members of the order. He apparated both of them upstairs and Remus was left with nothing but puddles of blood and a sinking feeling in his stomach.

“Remus?” Molly asked shakily as she sunk down onto her knees. Her hands were still wrapped protectively over Ron, who had begun to fuss.

“I couldn’t save them. We apparated inside of the house by accident and we got caught,” he whispered, running one of his blood-soaked hands through his hair.

“Come on, let’s get you cleaned up. I can’t bear to think about my brothers dying,” she shook her head and stood up with the help of the couch. 

Remus followed her into the kitchen, his heart beating a million times a minute while also being a led stone in his chest. He washed his hands and removed his outer robes, leaving the muggle clothes he preferred. Molly made them both tea and sat with him as they both waited for news. 

The night seemed to ebb away both far too quickly and not quickly enough. The sun began to rise before Sirius and McGonagall came down from the sick room. 

Remus stood before they said anything and pushed past them. He rushed to their sides and moved the chair to sit in between their beds. He cringed as he saw the plethora of bandages coating them and the blood-soaked rags on the floor in the corner. They both looked deathly pale, which reaffirmed his worst fear.

He placed his head in his hands and began to cry. He had just lost the loves of his life. Nothing would ever be the same again.

“Why’re you crying?” Fabian asked, his voice hoarse and quiet. 

“Yeah, who died?” Gideon asked as he turned to the side and coughed.

“You’re alive. You’re both alive!” Remus cried as he wrapped his arms around Fabian first. He pulled back from the hug just enough to kiss him before he did the same to Gideon.

“Of course we’re alive. Prewett’s survive,” Fabian joked as he slowly propped himself up on the pillows behind him.

“You scared me to death! I thought that I had lost you both in one go,” Remus laughed weakly as he shook his head. 

“You can’t get rid of us that easily,” Gideon objected.

“Well Fabian had me going with all of his talk about dying and letting you have me before he got stabbed,” Remus rolled his eyes slightly.

“Speaking of Gideon, make him move over so that we can both sit with you,” Fabian complained. 

“Oh hush. I have a better solution,” Remus removed the chair from in between the beds and pushed them together to make it longer. He crawled over the end and carefully lay down in between the twins.

“We love you,” Fabian murmured as he slid closer to the heat of his lover.

“Mm. Lots and lots,” Gideon nodded in agreement as he nuzzled closer.

“I love you more,” Remus whispered. “Don’t ever do that to me again.”



WARNINGS: Heavy BDSM, Sexually explicit content, breathplay/choking, bondage, Dom/Sub relationship, pregnancy kinks, impregnation kink, birth kink, roleplay, slut shaming, inflation, and cock worship

Hermione stared at all of the toys spread out over the bed for a moment before she stripped off the shirt and pants she had been wearing that day. She deposited them into the hamper and then returned back to the bed. She sat down with her thighs pressed against her calves and her hands resting palms up on top of her thighs.

“Such a good pet, already waiting for me,” Harry smirked as he walked in. His wand was clenched in his left hand and his chest was bare. The only thing that he was wearing was a pair of boxers and some jeans from earlier that day. 

“Yes, Master. For you,” she nodded as she looked up at him through her eyelashes.

“Such a pretty gift for me to devour,” he purred. “Tell me the safeword, pet.”

“Voldemort,” she replied quickly, eager to please.

“Good. Good,” he smirked again. “Now let’s get you dressed. I want you nice and pretty for everything we’re going to do today.”

“Yes, Master,” she agreed. Harry offered her his hand and she took it, using his help to stand up. 

“Now, do you want green, red, blue, or black?” Harry asked as he gestured to the different lingerie laid out of the bed. The blue and black were both single pieces, and the green and red were two pieces. 

The green was lace with wire underneath the breasts and around the waist band to keep it up. It would have gone up to her natural waist, above her hips.  It had thick sleeves that had sheer fabric that went down to about mid forearm.

The blue was more of a nightie than actual linger. It was styled after the famous Marilyn Monroe dress, flowy while still cupping her breasts. The fabric was drawn together at the shoulders and then flowed down to  cup the breasts. 

The black one was standard lace over everywhere but the breasts. It started with the black fabric there and then underneath them turned to a lace that connected with the panties with a couple of belts.

The red lingerie was like the black put quite a bit smaller, covering less skin. 

Hermione looked over them again, before she pointed to the black ones. Harry grinned and picked them up, handing them to his sub and pushing her to the bathroom. She disappeared for a time as she put the lingerie on and then returned back to him. 

“You look delicious, my pet,” Harry praised as he grabbed the next thing in the list. “I’m going to bind your arms, turn around,” he instructed as he made a twirling motion with his fingers.

She did as she was told and turned around so that her back was facing her lover. The dominant placed the leather harness over her lingerie and then clipped his favorite leash to the front buckle. Harry grabbed her arms, bringing her wrists together behind her. He quickly wove the rope around her arms and hands so that she couldn’t move them but wouldn’t be too uncomfortable.

“Now let’s get right into this, pet,” he whispered as he brought her to the wall next to her nightstand. He pressed her into it with his hand and his shoulder, holding the leash with that hand. “Color?” he asked while his hands roamed over her hips. 

“Green, master,” she replied breathlessly. 

Harry grinned and moved his hands down to her thighs. He raked his nails over the perfect, unblemished flesh. He wrapped his hands around her left thigh and brought it into the air, holding her against the wall with it. He brought his cock out of his pants with his other hand. He ran his fingers up and down the shaft a few times before he slowly brought it to her entrance. 

As his cockhead breached her folds, he could hear his sub’s breath hitch in apprehension. The raven-haired man smirked wickedly and pressed into her fully so that his cock was entirely sheathed in her cunt. “Do you like that?” he asked as he slowly dragged it out of her and then thrust back into her all at once.

“Yes, Master!” she shrieked with pleasure as he set a raggad pace. He wound his fingers through her hair and forced her head back onto his shoulder while holding her against the wall with his other hand. 

“Do you want me to choke you?” he breathed into her ear as he made sure that her head was far back enough that she could feel herself swallow and breath.

“Yes, Master,” she whimpered. She was slowly slipping lower and lower down into her headspace.

Harry wrapped his hand around her throat after moving it out of her tangled locks. He kept up the pace that he was fucking her at, making sure that she remembered his cock was moving deep inside of her. He clamped his fingers down specifically where he knew it would cut off her breathing but wouldn’t hurt her. His thrusts slowed with his concentration. 

Hermione was dripping wet and aroused as the member moved in and out of her folds, dragging the slick against her thighs. She gasped for breath every time her lover's fingers released their hold on her neck for a moment. The loss of power and control sent her so far down into her headspace that for a moment, she was worried she would never be able to come back up, but that thought was quickly ripped away from her. 

“You’re not allowed to cum until I say, do you understand?” he swore, the dom headspace that he had fallen into also slipping to something a bit different.

“Yes, Master,” she mumbled horsley as he released her throat. Purple fingertip marks were already beginning to form where Harry’s hand had been. Her husband thrust up into her a few more times before she could feel his cum spilling deep inside of her. 

Harry reached the nightstand and grabbed his wand, casting a charm on her so that none of the cum could spill out of her until he wanted it to. “Now that you’re warmed up, the real fun can begin,” he murmured into her ear.

“What are you going to do to me, Master?” she asked as she followed wordlessly after him.

“I’m going to get you pregnant, and stuff you so full of my cum that your fertile little womb feels like it’s going to burst. And then I have a surprise,” Harry reached into his bedside drawer and pulled out a sizable recreation of the egg he had gotten back in their fourth year. 

Hermione’s eyes widened as she put the pieces together in her head and then clambered onto the bed, flipping herself over so that Harry would have access to her cunt. Harry placed the egg against the pillows and then got up behind her. His cock was already rock hard thanks to the potions that they both ingested with dinner so that they could make the scene go on for as long as they wanted.

The raven-haired man grabbed the base of his cock and pressed his head into her. He buried himself up to the sheath and then leaned above her. He grasped the leash connected to her harness and wrapped it a few times around his palm and knuckles. He brought his cock slowly out of her and then slammed back in as hard as he could. 

“Master!” Hermione moaned as her eyes screwed shut intensely.

“Fucking take me, you bitch,” he muttered into her ear as he kept slamming into her. 

She collapsed down onto her forearms, using them to try and proper herself up. She tossed her head to the side and looked underneath her so she saw the cock slamming into her tight, wet cunt. 

“I own you, do you understand that? No one else gets to take you like this, even if I let you be used by someone else,” Harry hissed.

“Yes, Master, only you,” she nodded as she tried to focus on something other than the arousing images flashing through her mind and her building orgasm.

“That’s fucking right. I could let anyone take you if I wanted because I own you. You’re nothing more than a fuck toy and a broodmare,” his hips stopped their rhythmic movements as he slammed into her and orgasmed deep inside of her once more. 

He slowly pulled out of her once his orgasm had run its course and watched as the pearly whie cum stopped following after his cock when it got to her entrance.

“Color?” he asked breathlessly.

“Green, Master,” Hermione replied immediately.

He flipped her over so that she was laying on her back and then pressed inside of her again. He pulled the leash on her harness tight and brought her close to his face. As he used her, he bit hard on her neck. It was just enough to break the skin and leave a mark. He repeated the process all over her neck, collarbone and the bits of her breasts that were exposed from the lingerie.

When she had been thoroughly marked so that everyone would know she was owned, he orgasmed inside of her again. He smirked and watched as her lower belly pudged out slightly, making it look like she had eaten just a little too much.

“Look at that, you already look pregnant,” Harry whispered as he ran a hand over her stomach.

“I want it, Master,” she whispered as she closed her eyes.

“What do you want, my pet?” he asked as he brought his hand up and trailed over the marks he had left over her skin. 

“I want to be your broodmare. I want to be able to be so fat and swollen with your children that I can only stay in the bed and wait for Master to come back and fuck me like he wishes. I want to be so big that no one can mistake how owned I am,” she rambled.

“Such pretty words from a pretty mouth,” Harry whispered as he leaned down and kissed her there. “I’ll make your wish come true, my pet.”

He stroked his cock a few times and pressed it against the silky fabric of the lingerie that lay over her lower stomach. He moaned slightly as he felt the fabric rub against his sensitive member. Once he knew he was close to cumming, he pressed his head against her entrance and pushed only the head to empty another load into her. 

“Now why don’t we practice what will happen when you’re big and swollen with my babies?” Harry asked as he grabbed the egg. “Color?”

“Green, Master,” she breathed as her eyes stayed locked onto the egg.

Harry pressed three fingers into her, spreading her cunt wider than his cock had. Hermione moaned and spread her legs as wide as she could.  He continued to stretch her with three fingers until she was so loose that his fourth could fit in there.

“You’re such a slut. Look at how open you are,” he whispered. His hand was slick with her fluids, but not with the cum he had dumped into her earlier thanks to his spell. 

“You’re slut,” she whispered. “Your babies,” she touched her bulging stomach and rubbed over it like a protective mother. 

“You are my fucking slut. I let you carry my kids, and now you’re going to prove to me that you can birth them,” Harry muttered as he jammed his entire fist into her. “But, as a reward for carrying them so well, you can cum. Don’t touch your clit, just let Master make you orgasm.”

“Yes, Master. Thank you,” she whimpered.

Harry had his first balled up and slowly widened it inside of her. He could feel her fluids and his cum mixing around his hand and pressing flush against her walls. He turned his hand around so that he was pressing against her stomach and searched for the most sensitive part inside of her. When he found it, he began to drag his hands over her cervix.

“I’m cumming, Master! I’m cumming!” Hermione nearly squealed as she arched up. Squirt shot out of her, decorating the bed and her own stomach with her fluids as her orgasm shook over her.

“I made you squirt, how cute,” he purred as he slowly pulled his hand out of her and sent echoes of pleasure through her while he did so. “Color?”

“Green, Master, I want more of you, please! I want more!” she whimpered as she bucked her hips up against nothing.

“Such a greey cumslut. You’re my cum dumpster,” Harry whispered as he grabbed a smaller egg from his bedside drawer. It was just a bit larger than his fist and would do really well in stretching her out so she could take the largest one. 

He pressed it to her entrance and slowly pushed the slimmer end into her until the entire thing was inside of her. 

“Need more, want to feel stuffed full,” she closed her eyes and rolled her hips. Harry grasped his cock and watched as the egg peaked out of her for a moment before disappearing inside her cunt again. 

“Birth it into my hand, come on,” Harry encouraged as he placed his hand at her entrance. “Prove to me that you’re good enough to be stuffed full,” he growled.

“Yes, Master. I am, I promise!” she whined as she pushed weakly and let the egg slide out of her into his waiting palm. 

Harry grabbed one that was two sizes larger and pressed it to her gaping entrance. He slid it in until it reached the max wideness, keeping it there to watch her stretch and clamp over it. He let go of it and watched as her greedy cunt sucked it deep into her.

“I think you’re ready for the big egg. Give that back to me now, slave,” Harry instructed as he placed his hand at her entrance again.

Hermione whimpered at the loss as she pushed it out into his hand. He placed it next to the other smaller one and then grabbed the large egg he had gotten just for this scene. He pressed it into her, going slow enough that he could watch her cunt clamp down around every inch. Her slick was pouring out of her with her arousal, slipping down her legs and staining the sheets.

Harry let out a small moan of arousal as she keened eagerly while the egg slipped fully into her. She arched up and clamped down around nothing as the elasticity of her cunt came into play and shrank the stretching already. She bit down on her lower lip as she squeezed her legs shut and pressed a hand to her belly. 

“Oh!” Hermione moaned, spreading her legs as she squirt again, all over her master and the bed. 

“You’re a very naughty pet,” Harry chastised. “You cummed without my permission.”

“I-I’m sorry master,” she panted as she pressed a hand to her belly.

“You’re going to get a punishment for that,” Harry informed her. He grabbed her hand and brought her to the edge of the bed. “Color?” he asked.

“Green, Master. So, so green,” she whispered. 

Harry smirked wildly as he grasped the panties on the lingerie. He tugged them down after undoing all the buckles attaching it to the upper piece. He then moved to her top and tugged it off, revealing the lower half of her perky breasts. “Only good girls get to be dressed up. You’re back to being a slave,” he growled as he threw the lingerie off to the side. He placed the harness to the side and grabbed the collar, locking it over her neck. 

“I’m sorry, Master,” she whispered as a tear rushed down her face.

“You should be,” he growled as he sat down on the bed. He raised his knee up, pressing it to the edge of the mattress before he grabbed her leash and tugged her over his knee. He used the ties around her arms for leverage to press her stomach onto his knee. 

He raised his hand into the ass and slapped her left cheek. “You’re going to count out twenty spankings for cumming without permission.”

“Yes, Master,” she whimpered out.

“Count,” he growled as he slapped the meat of the other one.

“O-one!” she squeaked out. Tears were rolling down her face but slick was gushing out of her entrance. Every so often her folds would throb open and he could see the glistening of the gold egg deep inside of her cunt.

When they got to five, he asked for a color. “Green, Master,” she replied immediately. He did the same for every interval of five until they were finally over.

“You did very well for your punishment, my pet. Would you like to be dressed up?” Harry asked, raising his eyebrow. 

“I-I would like to be tied up in the air, Master,” she said slowly.

“I can do that,” he grinned wickedly. He grasped the ropes around her arms and quickly removed them. He left them on the ground as he brought her over to the metal stand in the corner. It was about two feet off of the ground and looked similar to a clothing rack. 

He grabbed the waist support and placed it around her, tipping her so that she was lying in the air on her back. He grabbed another rope and bound her wrists together before he tied them to the metal rack. The second rope wrapped around one of her ankles and suspended it from the rack above while the right leg dangled from a different bind.

Harry grabbed a piece of silky cloth and wrapped it around her head. He tied it behind her head and then brought her lips to his cock. “First, what do you do if you’re overwhelmed with Master’s cock in your mouth?” he asked.

She tapped three times on the bar with her hand, paused for two beats and then tapped three more times. “Good. Now begin,” Harry instructed.

She opened her mouth, placing her tongue on his head. She licked up the member and pressed her tongue into the slit to taste the precum her master bestowed upon her. She licked around the head twice and then licked a stripe up the shaft while making sure to run her against the vein just on the side of his cock. When Hermione reached the head again, she took it into her mouth. She took as much of it into her as she could without gagging or deep throating and sucked so hard that her cheeks hallowed. 

“Such a good cockslut,” Harry praised as he braced himself on the bar above her. It was enchanted so that it wouldn’t bend, break, or fall over no matter how much force or weight was put on it. 

Hermione let out a small moan and opened the back of her throat, taking a bit more into her mouth. When she felt her nose touch the pubic hair on her husband’s crotch she swallowed hard. She took her head back to the head and then swirled her tongue around the shaft as she lowered her head back down to the hair.

“Fuck,” Harry moaned, his cockhead twitching as salty cum sprayed all over her tongue. He pulled out when he had finished cumming and watched her lick up the little bits that had strayed to her lips, swallowing it all like a good sub. 

“Such a good pet,” he praised as he brushed a hand over her forehead. “Color?”

“Yellow,” she said hoarsely.

“Why?” he worried.

“I need to cum. I’m starting to cramp, Master,” she whimpered.

“You did such a good job sucking Master off that I’m going to make you cum by eating you out,” Harry said. He moved down to her legs and kneeled in front of her. He grasped at her legs and pressed them against his shoulders and he leaned close to her cunt. He could smell cum, slick, and the lavender scented egg she was holding inside her.

Harry leaned forward and pressed his tongue hard and firm as he licked a stripe up her cunt. He relished the taste of someone that was so firmly his and dove his tongue into her pussy. He licked there for only a moment before he went to her clit. He latched his lips onto it and sucked hard. Hermione bucked her hips up slightly and clamped down around nothing as she let out a screaming moan.

“Good pet,” he praised as he pulled back. “Pregnant mommy orgasms are my favorite,” he pushed down on her stomach as if to remind her of the egg functioning as their child.

“I’m going to take you down from here and we’re going to go have a break,” he whispered as he grasped her leg and undid the ropes there. He dropped them to the ground and then removed the blindfold, ropes on her arms, and the brace around her waist.

“Master, what are we going to be doing?” Hermione asked, her lips swollen and her eyes half-lidded with pleasure and intensity. 

“I want to have a roleplay. You get to be Mommy, and tell me all about our baby. And I get to be Daddy. Then you get to give birth,” Harry beamed.

“I want to be your maid, not your wife,” she said. “Pregnant maid you knocked up instead of your infertile wife.”

“I love it,” he brought her in for a kiss, wrapping his arms tightly around her. When they broke from the kiss, he brought her to the bathroom and let her shower while leaving the outfit for her on the toilet. There was also a water bottle and some pumpkin pasties to try and help her keep her strength up. 

Harry cleaned up all the things that were littered over their bed and the floor before knocking over a lamp carefully, so it didn’t break, and messing up the bed. He slipped out of the room and pressed his door to the wood so that he could listen for when she got out of the shower and was ready for him.

Hermione quickly got dressed and cast a spell over her hair so that it was up in a bun and not damp from the water. She drank half the water bottle and ate the food she had been given. She had gotten herself a ways out of the submissive headspace and was now more into the roleplay that she had her husband had just discussed.

She quickly exited the bathroom, her work heals clacking on the ground and she moved to the lamp.

“Ah, the maid’s here,” Harry said as he opened the door and then closed it.

“Master,” she turned and clasped her hands in front of her while bowing. Harry had dressed himself in one of his suits and looked every bit the Muggle business man. “I was just tidying the bed.

“Don’t bother. We’re just going to make it messy again,” he smirked as he advanced on her. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed their lips together in a passionate kiss. 

“W-wait, Master,” she whispered as his lips began to move down her neck.

“What is it? I don’t pay you this much to clean. You have to service me as well,” Harry objected as one hand trailed up her thigh and underneath the skirt she was wearing.

“That’s just it,” she looked away from him and forced a blush. “I-I…”

“Well spit it out,” he huffed as he yanked her close to him. “You’re not even wearing panties and I’m hard.”

“You know last time when you said that you wished your wife could give you an heir? You were so busy thinking about getting someone pregnant that you forgot to wear a condom,” she blinked prettily and forced a single tear down her cheek.

“You mean to tell me,” Harry asked. “You’re pregnant?”

“Yes, Master,” she nodded slowly.

“How do you even know it’s mine? You probably sleep with all of your employers to get that raise in your pay,” he sneered.

“I only sleep with you. I’ve slept with my other employers once, but none of them had a cock that I could actually want,” she whispered as she palmed his cock through his pants.

“I see,” he nodded. His hand continued up her skirt and then brushed against her clit. “How pregnant are you?”

“Almost 38 weeks, sir,” she whispered. She dropped her hands over her dress to reveal the illusion of a very, very pregnant belly that she had magicked up while changing. 

He pulled away and looked her up and down twice. “I want you to strip and get on the bed. You’re going to tell me all the ways that pregnancy has changed your body.”

Hermione nodded and took off the maid dress without question. She clambered onto the bed, her heels still carefully on her feet. She leaned back against the pillows and trailed her nimble fingers up and down the belly. 

Harry got onto the bed and sat patiently in front of her. He removed the suit jacket and then unbuttoned his cuffs, rolling them halfway up his arms as he waited.

“Well,” she flushed prettily and turned her head to the side in her desperation to be seen as cute and innocent. “M-my breasts have enlarged almost two cupsizes. My hips and thighs are bigger too.”

“Your breasts?” Harry asked eagerly, latching onto the subject.

“Yes, they ache so much. The baby can’t get here fast enough to eat all the milk,” she whimpered cutely.

“Perhaps I can alleviate some of the discomfort,” he offered. “I should know that my heir is going to have the very best, even if you are some commoner.”

“I’m happy to be a commoner if it means I get to carry Master’s children,” she beamed.

“You look ravishing. If you can still bounce like you are supposed to, then you can carry all the children you like,” Harry whispered. He grasped her breast and rolled one of her nipples in between his fingers. “Big and healthy,” he whispered. He leaned forward and put the nipple into his mouth. He clamped down enough to keep it there and began to suck as his other hand moved to her left breast.

“Master,” she flushed with pleasure. “T-that feels so nice, please,” she purred eagerly as she spread her legs for him.

Harry looked up at her, a plan clear in his eyes. He moved his hand away from her other breast to the one he was sucking on. He grasped the flesh in between his hands and began to massage it slowly, sending two bursts of pleasure through her.

Hermione brought her hand to her mouth and moaned as her other hand moved down to the bottom of the illusioned bump. She clenched her legs together and moved her hips up. She had made the bump large enough that she could press her clit against the flesh.

The woman gasped after a moment as she orgasmed with her hips stilled by Harry’s hand. She had only pleasured herself with her clit once and the cumming had been caused by Harry’s lips on her nipple.

“I think that breast is satisfactory, at least,” he mused as he released it and then did the same on the other side. He worked and worked until she had cum without being touched anywhere other than her nipple and left breast.

“Now let’s see if you’re worth keeping around to carry my children,” Harry said. He leaned back against the pillows and removed his cock from his pants. 

Hermione hauled herself onto her knees and then tossed a leg over his hips. She grasped underneath her with some difficulty from the newfound weight of her magic stomach. She pressed the head of his cock to her entrance and then slowly slid down onto him. 

She gasped as the egg inside her cunt moved around to touch her cervix even more than it had before. Pleasure filled her at the feeling of being stuffed full of so much cum and cock.

“Now bounce, maid,” Harry said as he placed his hand behind his head and let her do all the work.

She nodded slowly and then began to raise her hips up and down. When she had reached the tip of his head, the egg shifted inside her again and she let out a loud moan. She sunk down on his again and rolled her hips, pressing the egg against her cervix and moving against her walls. 

Hermione repeated the process until she was close to cumming, but she didn’t have to worry too much as Harry groaned and thrust into her. The egg hit her cervix in just the right way as another load of cum was unleashed inside of her. She orgasmed, shaking slightly as she gripped her belly with both hands.

She pulled herself off of him when he had finished cumming and then whimpered in pain. “I-I think you triggered labor,” she said unsteadily.

“You’re giving birth?” he asked, raising an eyebrow at her. “Good thing I’ve decided you’re a worthy broodmare. I’ll keep you locked up in one of the rooms just like this.”

“Yes, Master,” she said before she faked another pain.

She moved so that she was leaning against the pillows and gripped the sheets beneath her. “I need to push!”

“Then push,” he said. He moved so that he was sitting on the pillows of the bed and motioned for her to give him a show. Hermione moved so that she was laying with her head facing the end of the bed and spread her legs.

She grasped at the sheets and let out a small scream as she pushed and moved the egg lower inside of her. 

“Mm, I can see it peaking out of you already,” Harry grasped at his cock and began to stroke slowly as he watched her.

Hermione gripped the sheets and pushed again. She could feel her cunt throbbing below her as pleasure, both new and old, echoed through her body. She took in a breath and then pushed again, bringing the egg to the point where it was crowning at her entrance. Apparently it had flipped over during the fucking so the narrow end was sliding out of her which made it easier.

“You like that, I can tell,” Harry whispered as he bucked his hips up into his hand. “I can see how wet you are, giving birth. How dirty.”

Hermione did say anything as she kept pushing. She got an inch of the egg out and moaned at the stretched feeling of her cunt. She paused and let herself clamp down around it. Harry pressed his toe against the egg and pushed it back inside of her. 

“No, please,” she panted as pleasure from the monstrous object touching her cervix rushed from her cunt.

She pushed again and got the inch out once more. It took nearly five minutes to get the huge egg out of her halfway and then she let out a huge moan and orgasmed as Harry pushed it all the way back inside of her. 

“Try pushing it all out at once,” he whispered as pre-cum burst out of his tip. She pushed again and got it halfway out with one go before Harry entered her and orgasmed deep inside of her, adding to all the other loads inside of her. 

“I need to get the baby out, Master,” she whispered as she looked at him.

“What if I want to fuck you while you’re giving brith?” he asked.

“Oh god yes please,” she moaned. Harry thrust inside of her and then let her push. Each time she got the egg to begin crowning he pushed it back into her with his cock. 

It felt like it went on for hours before he orgasmed and she bucked her hips up, squirting slick and fluids over him and her large belly. He gave her a moment before instructing her to push again. When the egg was three-fourths of the way out, he grasped the tip and pushed it back in a little bit. He did this repeatedly until he could tell she was on the brink of an orgasm and let her push it out all the way.

“FUCK!” she screamed as her most powerful orgasm yet washed over her and she collapsed.

“You’ve done so well, the scene is over now,” Harry whispered when she was able to get past the pleasure and back into somewhat the right mind. 

“I want a bath,” she whispered. 

“You’re going to get everything you want for months. You did so well,” Harry whispered as he picked her up. He carried her to the bathroom bridal style and placed her down on the toilet. He grabbed his wand and muttered the countercurse to the potion they had taken. He picked her up for a moment and then placed her over to the toilet, removing the spell from her cunt. 

He let her hold his hand as the cum dribbled out of her and down into the toilet. He pressed her knuckles to his lips and whispered praises to her.

When she had finished emptying out, Harry helped her stand underneath the warm stream of the shower to clean off all the cum and sweat stuck to them both. He then filled up the bath and helped her lay down. He brought his hand up to her hair and washed it with gentle care and love. He washed her body as well, making sure to be delicate over the areas that he had bruised during their scene.

“What pajamas would you like, my love?” he asked as he picked her up and set her on the edge of the tub. He wrapped her up in a big, fluffy blanket with a warm smile. He dried off quickly and put on a big sleep shirt and some sweatpants.

“Could you get me the pink sleep pants and red top?” she asked with a tired yawn. He nodded and then returned back quickly with the requested items. 

He kneeled in front of ehr and dried her off while rubbing the healing and soothing balm into every inch of muscle that could hurt in the future. He helped her dress and then carried her to the bed. He set her down on the edge and magicked away all the toys and other equipment that they had used.

“What would you like to eat? Any specific tea you want?” he asked worriedly. He didn’t want to have hurt her beyond what they were both okay with in the scenes and he felt bad for all the words he had said to her.

“Ginger tea and a grilled cheese with an apple would be lovely,” she purred.

 Harry beamed and handed her the book she had been reading before he rushed to the kitchen. He made the food with quickness and efficiency before he returned back to her. He cuddled up next to her on the bed with his own food and tossed an arm over her shoulders.

“I think that was the most intense scene that we’ve ever done,” she yawned. “Certainly the longest.”

“Maybe we should use that potion more often,” he chuckled. He took their plates and glasses when they had finished and placed them on his nightstand.

“Mm. I might need months between those kinds of sessions though,” she yawned and tucked herself up against his chest.

“For you, I would have vanilla sex for the rest of my life,” Harry chuckled. He gently petted her hair as she fell asleep. 



WARNINGS: Mentioned/implied bullying

“Have fun in there!” George called as he pulled out his and wand locked the door. He knew very well that Fred didn’t have any way of getting out other than him.

“This isn’t funny anymore!” Fred called as he grasped the door handle and banged against the door.

“Was it funny to begin with?” a voice from the other side of the room asked. 

The redhead turned and felt his heart sink into his gut with disappointment. He had been half hoping that his brother would have locked him in the room with someone that he would have actually enjoyed the company of, but he should have known how cruel his twin was. This was his punishment for screwing up the prank that they had been planning for years. He hadn’t meant to do it, but he had stumbled in the hallway and alerted the prefects that they were out of the dormitory. Thus, they had been caught and hadn’t been able to set up the second half of the prank. 

“No, getting locked in a closet with Loony Lovegood wasn’t ever funny,” he hissed under his breath as he glared at her. 

She was sitting on one of the spare desks that was kept in the storage room underneath the window. Her long, silvery blond hair hung down her back and caught the light in an angelic glow. She was still wearing her school uniform and had her legs crossed over each other. Her fingers were woven together delicately and she was holding her knee.

“I never really understood that nickname,” she said. Her voice was soft, delicate, and wistful. She turned and stared out of the window, the moon and stars illuminating her pale skin.

“Oh?” he asked as he slowly moved closer to her. He had no idea how long he would be locked in the storage room and so he might as well strike up a conversation. Fred lowered himself onto another one of the desks and looked over her. 

“I only ever talked about magic and the kinds of creatures that I can see, but people think I’m mad. What makes my magic so different from yours?” she asked.

“Because you believe in things that don’t exist,” he snorted before he was able to filter himself.

“How do you know that? Muggles think that real magic doesn’t exist, and if they do believe in magic they don’t know the extent of the magic,” she said. 

“I-I guess. But we do know that magic exists and the extent of it,” Fred shifted uncomfortably in his chair.

“We don’t. New magic potions and spells are discovered everyday without fail,” she said softly. She had begun to twiddle her thumbs together as she stared out of the window with fierce intensity. 

“So why do you know more magic than the teachers?” he asked.

“My mum,” she replied, as if it explained everything.

“How would your mum be able to tell you more magic than the teachers know?” Fred questioned. The tension in his shoulders slowly slipped away and he was beginning to get actually interested in what she had to say.

“My mum often said that our family wasn’t completely human. We had types of magic that were only found in specific breeds of magical, humanoid creatures. When I was little, I remembered her telling me stories about my great-grandmother. She never looked quite human and acted a bit like I did, apparently,” Luna explained.

“I don’t think I’ve ever heard of a Wizard marrying a magical creature,” Fred hummed.

“It’s actually quite common, the creatures are just good at hiding themselves. Father says that’s one of the main reasons that Muggle families suddenly have magical children,” she smiled softly. She turned and looked him over inquisitively.

“Can you tell if someone has a magical creature in their family?” he asked.

“Sometimes. I can feel it when it’s a situation like my great-grandmother. The further back the magical creature the harder it is to sense,” she sighed.

“Do I?” Fred asked.

“Hmm?”

“Do I have a magical creature in my family?” he inquired excitedly.

“Can I touch you?” she asked, turning on the desk so that she was looking at him.

“Huh?” he flushed with embarrassment and surprise. 

“I need contact with flesh to really be able to tell,” she explained as she held her hand out to him, palm up.

“Oh,” he nodded. He removed his hand from where he had been gripping the desk and let her take hold of it. Her hands were ice-cold, like she had been washing them in the lake for her entire life.

She closed her eyes and let out a breath before she slowly took one in. Her mesmerising blue orbs flashed up to his eyes as she said, “I don't think you have a magical creature in your family close enough for me to be able to feel it.”

“Oh,” he said eloquently. She placed his hand on her lap and smiled at him sadly. Fred opened his mouth and spoke before thinking again, “Why are your hands so cold?”

“I-I don’t know. I’m sorry if it was unpleasant,” she turned away from him, making a few wisps of hair fall in front of her face.

“No, it wasn’t,” he quickly shook his head. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”

“You didn’t?” she asked as she turned to look at him. Her eyes flitted over his face, searching for any kind of incenserity, “No, you really didn’t.”

“I know that George and I play a lot of pranks, but I never meant to be cruel,” Fred rubbed his arm self-consciously.

“You’ve never been cruel to me, but I thought for a moment that you were going to start acting like everyone else,” she sighed.

“How does everyone else act?” he asked cautiously.

Luna was dead silent for a moment as she turned her face away from him. Normally she looked slightly happy or like she was off in her own world, but he could tell that something was wrong based only on her eyes. Her blond brows furrowed together for a moment as she pursed her lips. It felt like an eternity before she spoke up again.

“People will pretend to be my friends just to get rid of me,” she said carefully and slowly.

“But aren’t you friends with Harry and his lot?” Fred asked as his heart ached. He hadn’t even been speaking with her for longer than fifteen minutes and he could already see that she was one of the sweetest people he had ever encountered.

“They’re just as uncomfortable around me as everyone else is. The first time that Hermione ever encountered me in person she called my Loony Lovegood,” she smiled tightly. 

“Like I did. I’m sorry,” Fred apologized quickly. He reached out and placed a hand on her knee to try and be comforting but not intrusive.

“Thank you for that,” she smiled softly and then blinked away a few tears.

He let them sit in silence for a few minutes before he took a deep breath, “So you don’t have any friends, at all?”

“Well, I do consider Neville Longbottom one of my dearest friends. I know that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would probably prefer it if I left them alone,” she cast her gaze down at her twiddling thumbs.

“I’m going to change that,” Fred said firmly.

“What?” she asked as she looked up and at him.

“I’m going to make it so that you have more friends,” he said. “You’re a really sweet person and the stuff you talk about is interesting. I’m sure you would be a good help when George and I need some help with a prank, too.”

“Are you serious?” she asked. Fred only nodded and gave her one of his wide, mischievous smiles. 

Luna squealed and threw her arms around his neck. She kicked the desk behind her by accident and sent it into a couple other storage items. 

Fred sat there for a moment, unsure of what to do before he wrapped his arms around her. He placed his head near her neck and took in the allspice and lavender scent of her hair. 

When they separated she flushed a bright red and cleared her throat. “Sorry for jumping on you like that. I should have asked.”

“No, it’s alright. Ginny’s my little sister and she never asks. Her hugs are more like tackles,” he smirked with amusement.

“I wish that I had people that hugged me more often,” she sighed.

“Maybe I can be that person,” he offered. His heart was beating a million miles a minute as the words left his mouth. 

“I would like that,” her cheeks flushed pink and she shyly smiled.

“All right, you can come out now!” George called as the door clicked unlocked behind them. 

“Thank God,” the redhead groaned as he got up and rushed to the door. He opened it with one swing and then pushed his twin brother into the hall. He grabbed his wand and tucked it back into his own robes.

“Thank you for talking with me, Fred. It was nice to have someone for a little while,” Luna said sadly.

“Don’t think you can get rid of me that easily! You and I should go down to Hogsmeade this weekend,” he beamed as he slung an arm over her shoulder and hugged her.

“Really?” she asked, big blue eyes sparkling eagerly.

He grinned, the sight of her so happy making his own heart feel like it was going to burst. “Really.”



WARNINGS: None

The bitter and resentful feeling sitting in Harry’s stomach ebbed away along with some of the anger and frustration as he saw a familiar face walk over the hill. He was standing underneath the weeping willow tree planted close to the lake. He was bundled up in his thick winter cloak and all of the parts of his uniform to try and keep warm. 

“How long have you been waiting for me?” Cedric asked as he approached his lover. His breath was warmer than the air around them leaving puffs of white steam whenever he spoke.

“Not long,” he shrugged.

“Which means you got in another fight with Weasley and you’ve been out here for… an hour? Maybe two?” he sighed. He reached down and threaded their fingers together before he tugged his lover back towards the school. 

“How do you know that?” Harry asked.

“Because, Harry,” he sighed. “You and Weasley have been fighting since your name got pulled out of the goblet. I know that you made up after the first task, but anyone can see that you’re not as close as you were before.”

“He thinks that I’m doing this to get more attention,” Harry scowled. His cloak fell over their hands and hid the fact that they were intertwined so romantically from everyone else as they crossed a few students looking at the lake from the rickety bridge.

“My dad doesn’t like you because he thinks that you’re taking away from my fame. Imagine if I told him that we were dating,” Cedric laughed as soon as they were out of earshot from any of the other students. 

“Imagine the articles that Rita Skeeter would write. She already sensationalized Hermione and I hugging each other before the first task,” he wrinkled his nose. 

“Isn’t Granger together with the Durmstrang champion?” he asked, moving them closer and closer to the extra storage closet they spent a lot of time in when they wanted to be alone.

“I don’t know. I’m not really interested in hearing her stutter and blush and Ron make angry noises,” he replied with a shrug.

“Those two need to open their eyes and see that they love each other,” he chuckled as he opened the door. Harry entered in and took in the familiar room.

It had been used as a storage room for extra supplies for what must have been at least a century. There were desks pressed up against one wall and stacked halfway to the ceiling. On the other wall there were bookshelves stacked with old parchment, books, quills and other school supplies that had collected a mountain of dust over the years. 

“Our spot is still here,” Cedric murmured as his hand grasped Harry’s hip and his arm pressed into the other’s back.

“It always is. I think even the teachers have forgotten about this room,” Harry chuckled. They had laid out a few blankets and cloaks behind the rows of unusable desks to make a place for them to be hidden away even if they were found. He removed his cloak and outer robes, bunching them up to be like pillows as he sat down. Cedric followed suit.

They sat in silence for a moment before the older boy grasped at his hips and brought his lover into his lap. “What’s on your mind?” he asked calmly as his lips pressed to Harry’s chin.

“Nothing,” he lied.

“I know that there’s something knocking around up there and you won’t let me cuddle you properly until we’ve talked about it,” he replied simply as he placed his chin on his boyfriend’s shoulder.

“It’s nothing, Cedric, really. We can still have our date without talking about such unpleasant things,” Harry shook his head.

“No, we can’t. We tried to do that before the Yule Ball and you were so upset that we wouldn’t be able to go together since we wanted to keep it a secret that you went stiff the entire time. I don’t like cuddling with a board,” he huffed.

“I didn’t go stiff!” the raven-haired teenager scoffed indignantly.

“You did,” Cedric said seriously. “Your back was all tight and I swear I could hear the knots forming.”

“You’re ridiculous,” a small smile slipped onto his face and his worries began to disperse a little bit.

“I know. Now are you going to tell me what’s bothering you or am I going to have to interrogate you?” he asked.

“All right, all right,” Harry sighed. He looked away from his lover and stared uselessly at the wall while he tried to get his thoughts to form into words. “I’m worried about the next task.”

“Really?” Cedric’s arms wrapped around his boyfriend’s hips and he brought him even closer. “Why? We got the message from the eggs.”

“That’s just it. How am I supposed to breath underwater? I don’t know the spells that you and the others know because I’m so much younger. I have no idea how I’m supposed to do this and some of the lines are worrying me.”

“You should talk to your friends about doing some research on other methods of breathing underwater. I can’t help you with the spells or someone might think that we’re working together and the other schools could claim we were cheating,” he rambled. “What lines are concerning you?”

“It’s about what they took. Apparently isn’t something that will rot. That means that it was alive at some point. What would they have to take?” he worried.

“I don’t know. Maybe a pet?” Cedric shrugged.

“It seems really cruel to force animals to go underwater and stay there forever if we can’t get to them fast enough. And the visiting schools didn’t bring their pets with them, or the champions could have not brought a pet,” Harry shook his head.

“Maybe a person of importance,” he suggested instead.

“I’m not sure. The person that means the most to me right now is you, and they wouldn’t make their real champion sit a match out just to be rescued by me,” he sighed.

“If they viewed me as the real champion, maybe they would make you wait,” he replied with a small snort.

“Maybe they’re going to chain up who we took to the Yule Ball. So you would have Cho, Krum would have Hermione and I would have Padma Patil. But I didn’t really care of her, I just needed a date,” Harry grumbled.

“I think that you’re reading too much into this. Whatever they take from us, a pet or a friend, we’ll be able to get them back. We also have loads of time to think about it and riddle down who we think they’ll take,” Cedric soothed.

“I suppose so. I don’t like the idea of putting anyone in danger if I can’t get to them in time,” he sighed.

“I highly doubt that they could allow any of the champions or the people that they use for the second task to die. This is supposed to strengthen international ties, and I think death just loosens them. Imagine if Krum didn’t save Granger in time. Hogwarts would be furious and Durmstrange and it would cause issues,” he reasoned.

“That…” Harry trialed off and sighed. “Makes sense, and makes me feel better.”

“I knew it would. You should talk to me about things like this more often. We’re in this together, Harry,” Cedric pressed a kiss to his lover’s cheek.

“I know,” Harry smiled. He turned slightly and kissed him on the lips instead.


For drownmeinthemoon on Tumblr

“Harry, I don’t understand why this is something that I want to be doing on our night off. I would much prefer drinking in the comfort of our own home,” Draco complained. Harry had their arms locked firmly together so that they couldn’t be separated by the swarming crowd of Muggles around them.

“Hermione said that she was obsessed with this band when she was younger, and she’s now old enough to buy her own tickets. She wanted us to come with her,” he shouted over the noise being made by the other concert patrons. 

It took them another five minutes before they were able to get to the blanket that Hermione had spread out over the grass for them. “Why did you do this to me?” Draco complained childishly as he collapsed down onto the blanket.

“It would do you some good to adjust to Muggle customs if Harry wants to move to London for his job. And, you owe me,” she grinned and tied her bushy hair back in a ponytail.

“You could have brought that new girlfriend of yours,” he tutted.

“Sh-she’s not my girlfriend,” Hermione turned her face away from them and turned a pretty shade of pink. 

“She’s totally your girlfriend,” Harry cackled. “That’s why I found the two of you snogging after your lunch break the other day.”

“Alright, fine! I am interested in her, but I’m not really looking for a relationship after what happened with the last girl,” she rolled her eyes at the memory.

“She didn’t deserve you,” Harry scowled.

“We’ve already established that fact with more alcohol than I’d like to admit. Now will one of you please explain in terms I can understand what this is?” Draco asked as he gestured his hand vaguely at the stage.

“Well, there was once this band called One Direction. When I was younger, before I even went to Hogwarts, I thought that they were the best thing ever. They’ve since split up and now several of them have come out with their own solo music. I got tickets to this member because I was interested in him the most.”

“So we’re here so that you can feel nostalgic?” Draco drawled.

“Yes,” she nodded firmly. Draco smiled slightly and chuckled while Harry ended holding his belly with how hard he was laughing. 

The light from the sky above them dimmed as the sun set behind the hall. Soon the stage lights went out as well and the opening act hurried to get their stuff out. They were decent, especially for a small band that no one had ever heard of. When the lights went out again and the actual band got their things out for the performance the noise from before returned and magnified. 

“This is them!” Hermione shouted before everyone began screaming. 

The crowd quieted down for a time as the band played a couple soothing, softer songs and then hyped back up as the music crescendoed to more sexual and energetix songs. Hermione got up and had Harry dance with her for a bit, both of them acting more awkward than Draco had seen them in their entire lives. Hermione was able to sing along to a lot of the lyrics as well and when Draco teased her about it she flushed and giggled so hard that she snorted.

The last song of the concert had finally arisen, and instead of just launching into it, the main singer stopped and started speaking when the crowd had quieted down. “Now, I’m going to be playing my new release, but you won’t be hearing my voice on the vocals. Ladies and gentlemen! Please welcome Ronald!”

The cameras on the stage panned over to the side and showed someone that was strikingly familiar to the trio of wizards on the blanket in the back. The face shape was the same and there was still an awkward splattering of freckles over his nose and cheeks. The eyes were the same glittering, happy blue that they had been the last day that they had seen him. The only thing that had changed was the color of his hair, which had gone from the fiery red he shared with his family to a near fluorescent pink. 

“Thank you, thank you,” Ron waved to the audience as they all screamed and cheered. “Would you like to sing along?”

The audience screamed back affirmations and Harry could have sworn that someone a couple blankets behind them screamed that they loved him.

“Is that?” Hermione shouted over the noise, almost too nervous to say his name.

“It is!” Harry beamed widely. “You know we’re going to have to confront him after the show is over.”

“You can. I’m not breaking any more laws, you know that,” Hermione quickly shook her head.

Draco chuckled and rolled his eyes, “What, the break into Gringotts was the end of it?”

“Shut up,” she hit his shoulder playfully.

They all snapped to watch the stage as Ron opened his mouth and began to sing. 

“Tastes like strawberries on a summer evenin',

And it sounds just like a song,

I want more berries and that summer feelin',

It's so wonderful and warm,

Breathe me in, breathe me out,

I don't know if I could ever go without,

I'm just thinking out loud,

I don't know if I could ever go without,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar,

Strawberries on a summer evenin',

Baby, you're the end of June,

I want your belly and that summer feelin',

Getting washed away in you,

Breathe me in, breathe me out,

I don't know if I could ever go without,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

I just wanna taste it, I just wanna taste it,

Watermelon sugar high,

Tastes like strawberries on a summer evenin',

And it sounds just like a song,

I want your belly and that summer feelin',

I don't know if I could ever go without,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar high,

I just wanna taste it, I just wanna taste it,

Watermelon sugar high,

I just wanna taste it, I just wanna taste it,

Watermelon sugar high,

Watermelon sugar…”

As Ron sang, the entire audience seemed to be lulled into a sort of trance, fixed on him. There was a good half of the crowd singing along with him, but even the people that shouted at the singers to get attention during serious, quiet songs had shut up. 

Harry felt the breath in his lungs be stolen by the melodious sound of his best friend’s voice. He seemed to be so intertwined with the music, grasping at the microphone. Ron let his crystal-blue eyes fall shut as he sang his heart out and beamed whenever he got closer to the innuendos that were smacked throughout the song. 

“He looks lovely,” Draco whispered after the crowds around them had fled the stadium at the end of the concert.

“For all these years, I worried that he could have been killed. The clock in the Weasley household was the only thing that ever gave me hope,” Harry stood up and helped Hermione fold the blanket.

“You want to see him,” Draco said. He wasn’t asking, since he knew his boyfriend too well. “And I’m coming with you to make sure that we don’t run into any trouble.”

“Be safe, you two. You know my number if you need bail money, right Harry?” she asked as she wrapped her arms around her slightly damp blanket and looked seriously at him.

“I don’t think we will need bail money, but yes,” he nodded. He hugged her softly and then threaded his fingers together with Draco’s. They slipped into a part of the theater where no one could see them. 

“You’re sure that you want to do this?” Draco checked.

“Yes,” Harry nodded. With an ear-splitting pop they disappeared from the hidden alcove and found themselves backstage in someone’s dressing room.

“He’s much better off than he was when he left,” Harry whispered as he looked over all of the things hanging from the walls. There were posters of all sorts of famous guest singers and actors and comedians that had visited the theater, and Ron’s poster was hanging right next to them.

“You don’t know that. He could miss you and Hermione,” Draco touched his lover’s arm reassuringly.

“Or he could be happier than ever with fame and money. You saw the way that he looked when he sang. And that wasn’t even one of his songs,” Harry sat heavily on the couch pressed to one corner of the dressing room.

“Thanks!” Ron called to someone as he opened the door and walked in. As soon as he saw Draco and Harry he tensed, “I don’t know how you got in here but you need to get out before I call security.”

“Ron, it’s us,” Harry whispered as he stood up. It felt unreal, to have his best friend standing in front of him again.

“Harry?” he whispered. One hand moved from his side and he grabbed his best friend’s arm before he tugged him into a tight hug.

“I missed you so much, mate,” he whispered as he hugged the other back. 

“I missed you too,” he pulled back and smiled so hard that his cheeks ached.

“Why did you leave?” Draco asked when the boys had been staring at each other for longer than a minute and he got fed up.

“I didn’t fit in there. None of the wizarding jobs really made me happy and so I decided I wanted to try something new. I didn’t know if it would work and I knew that some people either wouldn’t let me do it or would have made fun of me, so I cut ties with my old life. I don’t practice any magic anymore,” Ron explained as he leaned against the makeup counter on the wall.

“I understand why you did that, but I was so scared that you had died for years,” Harry murmured as he pressed his hand underneath his glasses against his eye.

“Well, I’m not dead,” he smiled awkwardly.

“And you’re rich and famous,” he chuckled.

“With pink hair,” Draco snorted.

“I thought that pink was the best choice since no other color really matched my complexion without making me look like a goth,” Ron chuckled.

“You’d be a hot goth,” Harry ventured. That spark of arousal that he two held for each other was still there, and they could both feel it.

“Thanks, but that’s not the brand that I’m going for,” he flushed a darker pink that his hair. 

“What is the brand that you’re going for?” Draco questioned. He pushed himself off of the couch and moved to stand next to Harry and closer to the once-redheaded wizard. 

“The type of brand that’s cheery and happy on stage but kind of a secret bad-boy. My producer probably thinks that we’re having sex right now,” the blush intensified.

“What if we were having sex?” Harry asked.

“Are you serious?” Ron gasped.

“Yes. You know that the fooling around we did in the fifth year wasn’t just because I needed to get over Cho,” he ignored the scoff coming from his blond lover.

“I always just thought that you wanted to experiment with boys,” Ron whispered. 

The trio were slowly moving closer and closer to each other. Harry surged forward and grasped Ron’s cheeks with both of his hands as he clashed their lips together. The taller of the two quickly responded by wrapping his arms around Harry’s waist and shoving his tongue down his old friend’s throat. 

When they pulled apart they were both flushed and their lips were kiss-swollen. Draco grasped the front of Ron’s shirt and brought him in for a kiss of his own. Harry’s hands moved over the taller wizard, quickly moving to the bulge in his pants that revealed just how aroused he was.

“Wait, are you two sure that you want to do this?” Ron asked when he had to break free of the kiss with Draco.

“You’re clean, aren’t you?” the blond asked with a single raised eyebrow.

“Of course I am. I don’t let muggles shag me without condoms,” he snorted. “Consent is just a big deal in the music industry since a lot of musicians end up assaulting young girls who don’t know better.”

“Ron, we both want this so much,” Harry said as his lover nodded furiously.

“You should both take me at the same time,” he murmured after he had kissed both of them just as fiercely as he had before. 

“I’ll take his mouth if you take his ass,” Draco said. He pulled away from the other two men and began to unbutton the dress shirt he was wearing.

“Sounds like a plan,” Harry grinned as he removed his own shirt. When Ron was naked, he grabbed his wand from the clothing pile and cast a spell to clean the taller wizard out.

“I don’t want you to finger me like a muggle, just use a spell to get me open so you can be in me faster,” Ron complained as he heard Harry begin to spread lube over his fingers.

“Someone’s a little eager,” Draco whispered as he kneeled down in front of the singer. He grasped his cock with one hand, placing it in front of Ron’s kiss-swollen lips. He let out a small moan when the other man wrapped his lips around the hug and swirled his tongue perfectly.

“Look at that face,” Harry whispered as he cast the specific spells he needed to on Ron and then grasped his own cock. Just before he pushed in, he realized that anyone could walk in and see the three of them naked and fucking each other since the door wasn’t locked. He flicked the lock so that no one would intrude with barely a second thought about it. 

Ron was taking more of Draco’s cock into his mouth as Harry pushed into the wizard from the other end. He heard the singer let out a long moan as he was filled. Draco let out a small gasp and bucked his hips forward so that Ron took another two inches into his mouth all at once. 

“Taking us so well,” Harry made sure to push his hips up when he pulled out so that his member would drag against Ron’s prostate while he pulled out.

When Ron had taken Draco fully into his mouth, he began to move his head back and forth in short little bursts. Draco’s hands moved to his bubblegum colored locks and held them tightly while he did so.

Harry arched his hips in just the right way and was able to find his prostate. Ron moaned around the cock in his mouth and clenched the member buried in his ass. The Chosen One hissed with pleasure and grasped his old friend’s hips as he began to pound into the spot he had just hit like it was going out of style.

“Harry,” Ron gargled out as Draco shot his load down the singer’s throat. He swallowed the cum easily as he pulled off, leaving only a few stripes along the flaccid cock. Harry grasped his hips and brought him against him a bit more, pushing further into him than he had before.

Soon, they both felt the tight coils of an impending orgasm build up inside of them. Harry cummed inside of his old friend and Ron sent spurts of pearly white cum all over his chest and the floor.

“Well that was certainly an experience,” Draco murmured as he cleaned himself up with magic and redressed.

“I think the magic makes sex better. Or it could just be you two,” he smiled slightly. Harry moved the singer off of him and magicked away the cum on the floor, inside and outside of both of them. 

“Maybe we should do some experiments and find out,” Harry grinned as he tugged his pants back on. The trio fell silent as they worked on getting their clothes back on and their hair straightened out.

“Here, my number,” Ron handed Harry a slip of paper with a small smile. “Even if we don’t do this again, we should talk some time.”

“But not in public. I don’t think I want to deal with all your fans,” he chuckled. Ron hurriedly shook his head. He waved and left his dressing room. It was deserted within seconds after that as Harry and Draco apparated home.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content

The second empty bottle hit the coffee table in front of James with a thud. The burning liquid inside of it now sat heavy in his stomach, flowing through his mind and clouding his judgement. His lips turned down in a scowl as the reason for his drinking crossed his mind.

He had been in love with Edward Remus Lupin for nearly three years now and the other wizard didn’t even seem to know that he existed. It was heartbreaking and the number one reason that he found him absolutely shit-faced most nights that he wasn’t working.

He fell over on the couch as his brain began to list every single reason that he found the other man attractive, from his natural ability at Quidditch to the way that his eyes crinkled when he smiled. James flopped his arms over his head and let out a frustrated sigh just as the fireplace behind him roared to life with green flames.

“James? I came to check on you and bring some of my grandmother’s-” Teddy stopped short just as he stepped out of the fireplace and saw the state of his friend.

“Teddy!” James grinned as he recognized the other man’s voice. He removed his hands from his face and sat up on the couch, or at least tried to. He ended up toppling off because he hadn’t been sitting on it quite right and slipped onto the floor. His left leg was still draped over the soft fabric while the empty firewhiskey bottles toppled to the ground as he tried to grasp anything for leverage.

“How much alcohol have you had? The entire place wreaks,” Teddy wrinkled his nose. He placed the covered brownie container down on the kitchen island and the only available eating area in the small house.

“Enough to make the pain go away,” the raven-haired man bemoaned.

“Pain? You didn’t injure yourself again, did you?” Teddy asked. He hurried around the couch and scooted the coffee table away from the raven-haired man so he had actual room to sit up.

“Emotion pain, Tedders,” James sighed dramatically.

“Why are you in emotional pain?” Teddy chuckled. He grasped both of the firewhiskey bottles and quickly threw them away in the kitchen garbage. He made a mental note to go through James’ kitchen and clean out all the food that had gone bad.

James went eerily silent for a moment, sending a worried shock throughout the blue-haired male. He went back to the living room and grabbed James’ left arm, using it to haul the shorter of the two over his shoulder.

They were both standing and Teddy took a deep breath as he expected he was going to have to drag James to his bedroom. Instead, the younger turned to the side and grabbed the side of Teddy’s face. He brought the lips together in an uncoordinated, messy kiss.

“Um, excuse me?” Teddy asked when they separated, completely breathless.

“I love you,” he whined. James draped his arms over the other man’s shoulder and buried his face into his neck. Teddy reached into his pocket and grasped his wand before he cast a sobering charm on the other wizard.

“Ow, my head,” the raven-haired man whined as he pressed the palm heel of his left hand to his skull. “What did I just do?”

“You said that you loved me and gave me the world least arousing kiss,” he replied with a small chuckle. His stomach flipped a few times as he desperately hoped that it was real, and not just a drunken projection.

“I-I did? I’m sorry for kissing you without consent, Tedders,” he smiled sheepishly.

“You can make it up to me by telling me if that was true or not,” he whispered.

“Every word. I do love you,” he mumbled as he looked at Teddy, he had to blink furiously and look away as the light from his dining room fixture increased the pain from his hangover tenfold.

“Here, let me take care of that,” Teddy pressed the tip of his wand to James’ forehead and cured the hangover with a simple charm. 

“Thanks,” he smiled. They stayed close together for a split second, breathing in sharp, anticipating breaths before their lips clashed together. They were in such a rush to get their tongues down the other’s throat that they ended up clashing teeth and pulled away with a small laugh. 

“I don’t want to sleep with you if I don’t know what this is going to be,” Teddy said carefully when the giggles had subsided. “I don’t want things to get awkward between us.”

“I’ve wanted to be your boyfriend for three years,” James admitted.

The blue-haired man took in a shaky breath. It had only been two years since he broke up with his first ever girlfriend and he hadn’t thought about dating since her. However, he felt just as strongly for James as he had for her, so maybe he could make it work. “Then maybe we should try being boyfriends,” Teddy said after another moment of deliberation. 

“Now will you sleep with me?” James joked as he took a step back in the direction of his bedroom. 

“I think you have to take responsibility for this,” he gestured vaguely at his pants and continued to the bedroom with the other man tugging him along. As soon as they were inside of the room, James shut the door with his foot. He grasped Teddy’s shirt and slammed him back into the wooden door behind him. He brought their lips together in a passionate kiss as his knee moved up to Teddy’s crotch. 

“Oh fuck,” Teddy moaned as he felt pleasure from the small amount of friction shoot through his nerves. “James!”

“Teddy?” he teased with a wicked smirk. The other man managed to overpower him and used the leverage that James had on his wrist to push him back onto the bed a few feet away from them. “You gonna bottom from there, Tedders?”

“Who said I was bottoming?” he asked. He twisted his wrists to get them free and then shed the vest and button up that he had been wearing. His hat was still resting on the brownies in the kitchen. 

“I did. I thought that you would like to bottom since you probably topped with Vicky,” James reasoned, rolling his hips up. He was wearing a pair of loose sweatpants for sleep and nothing else.

“On second thought, bottoming sounds better than I originally thought,” Teddy whispered. He leaned down and kissed the other man again while working on getting his pants off. All of their clothing was soon thrown down onto the floor next to the bed as their lips stayed suction-cupped to the newly exposed skin.

James held the back of Teddy’s head as he sucked a prominent hickey onto the joint between his shoulder and his neck. “Gimme my wand,” he whispered when he pulled back and studied his work.

“You’re not casting the charms on me. I’ve seen your NEWT scores,” he snorted. He moved away from his newfound lover and grabbed his own wand. It was kind of difficult to cast the charms on himself since the tip of the wand had to be pointed toward him, but he made it work.

“Shit, that’s hot,” James whispered as he watched the magic take effect. Teddy moaned slightly at the feeling of his opening being stretched and lubed magically. 

The younger wizard moved so that he was sitting behind Teddy with his legs dangling off of the mattress. He reached forward and grasped his boyfriend’s hips as he brought him closer. James gripped the head of his cock and placed it at his entrance, letting the other slip down at his own pace.

“How is it possible to feel this full?” he murmured as he fully sheathed the member.

“Bet that Vicky felt like that with this massive member,” James whispered. His lips kissed up and down Teddy’s shoulder and neck as his arm wrapped around his waist. He began to thrust his hips up and jerk Teddy off at the same time.

“Holy Merlin!” The blue-haired man almost screamed as pleasure shot through him in so many different ways. He could feel the coils echoing through him from the way that James’ cock was pressed against his prostate and the way that his hand wrapped around Teddy’s cock.

“You like that?” James asked. He wrapped his other arm around Teddy to hold him up as he moved them forward. In the new position, he was able to pull out a bit further and really pound into his boyfriend. 

“Yes, gods, yes!” Teddy shouted. It had barely been eight minutes before he was shooting his cum all over their clothing and James’ hand.

“Shit, I’m going to cum inside you,” James whispered before his cock twitched as he wasn’t able to stop his orgasm. He was shaking and moaned through the entire thing as he collapsed back against the bed. 

Teddy leaned into the touch of his lover as they both tried to catch their breath and come down from the orgasm-high. 

“You should probably cast a charm to clean up the messes we made,” James mumbled tiredly as he slipped out of his boyfriend.

“I don’t want to sleep in cum, so I probably should,” he grabbed his wand from where it had clattered to the floor during his mind-blowing sex. He cast the charms, having to repeat them a couple times as he couldn’t get the pronunciation perfect with how tired he was. When the mess had finally been cleaned up and the preparation charms removed from him, he collapsed onto the bed.

James wrapped his arms around Teddy, bringing the other man in so that the head of blue hair was resting just under his collarbone. Their legs wove together and there was soon leveled, matched breaths coming from the boyfriends.



The rules of the world have since changed since the other prompt was written, so things may not a very good continuity.


Many springs had come and passed since the twins had been born into the family. While their parents hadn’t been actively avoiding giving them siblings, they also hadn’t been trying. For nearly four years, there had been no sign of a second pregnancy from the omega. Two weeks before Cleo and Annabelle turned five, they began to notice that something was off.

“Hey, hey,” Cleo whispered as she stood on the ladder to her sister’s bed. Annabelle always got the top because she had acquired her father’s grace in the air tenfold, so it edged into her normal movements. “Hey, wake up!”

“What?” Annabelle whined as she rolled over and pulled her large comforter over her face. 

“I think something’s wrong with Mommy,” she whispered. She pulled herself up the rest of the ladder, kneeling on the edge of her sister’s mattress.

“Nothing’s wrong with Mommy,” Cleo objected as she wiggled herself further into the warmth of her blanket.

“No, I heard him puking this morning like when we got the stomach flu,” she insisted. She flopped down onto the bed and flung her arms out to the side, spread over her sister.

“Get off! I’m sleeping,” Annabelle objected. She pushed her feet into her twin sister’s back and edged her closer to the railing. 

“I don’t wanna get off, I want you to help me investigate,” she grumbled. “I’m gonna be a reporter like Uncle Teddy!”

“Be a reporter when breakfast is ready,” Annabelle objected.

“But we haveta get up now so that we can find things before Daddy and Papa are up,” she wiggled away from her sister. She flipped around, kneeling on the bed before she threw herself on top of her sister.

“Get off!” Annabelle shouted as she flung her sister to the side. 

“Ow! Annabelle, that hurts,” Cleo screeched.

“What is going on in here?” Harry demanded as he rushed into the girl’s bedroom. 

“I was trying to get Annabelle to help me and she started hurting me,” Cleo sobbed.

At the same time, Annabelle yelled over her, “Cleo threw herself on me while I was trying to sleep!”

“You know better than to wake your sister up, dear,” Draco said as he walked to the doorway. Cleo blinked past her tears enough to see that the shirt he was wearing was baggier than the normal outfit he wore to work. 

“Mommy, she hurted me,” she sniffled while cradling her wrist close to her chest. 

“Come here and let me have a look at it,” Draco pushed himself off the doorway. He walked further into the room just as Cleo lifted her arms up as she expected to be lifted off the bed.

“Mommy can’t pick you up right now,” Harry objected, lifting her from her sister’s bed instead. 

“Why not? I like it when Mommy carries me,” she pouted as tears bubbled up in her eyes.

“Don’t cry,” Draco crooned sweetly. He kneeled in front of Harry and Cleo as Harry sat down on the younger twin’s bed. “Mommy can still hug and cuddle you. And it won’t be forever.”

“Then how long will it be for?” she complained. She let her mother take her arm as Draco pulled his wand from his back pocket and charmed away the bruise. 

He then leaned down and kissed it sweetly, “Almost a year, but you can still have all the cuddles you want from me.”

“Annabelle, wake up. You have to get ready for school,” Ron shook his daughter awake. 

“We haveta go to school today?” Cleo complained. This morning was just getting worse and worse.

“Yes, love, I’m afraid you do. Go change into your uniform and then bring me your brush in the living room,” Draco stood with some help from the closer alpha and placed a hand on his aching back. Ron placed his hand on the small of his back and kissed his cheek. He steered the omega to the living room, sitting him down on the couch before the alpha himself went to make the kids breakfast and their packed lunches.

“Someone’s really grumpy,” Harry chuckled as he walked out of the bedroom with Annabelle on his hip.

“Cleo woke me up early,” she complained. She stuffed her face into her father’s neck and took a deep breath to get his licorice scent.

“Can you get her dressed so I can brush her hair?” Draco asked. Cleo basically skipped out of the bedroom and sat down in front of her mother. Her back was facing the other omega so that her tangled locks could get sorted.

“Yes,” Harry sighed. He walked back into the bedroom to begin the long struggle of getting the young girl to get into her school uniform.

“Why can’t you pick me up anymore, Mommy?” Cleo asked curiously.

“It was something that your fathers and I wanted to talk to you about during dinner, but it appears that you’ve been sleuthing,” he chuckled. He took the bright pink hairbrush from her uncoordinated fingers, slowly brushing it through long white locks. Cleo looked incredibly close to her mother while Annabelle looked closer to her biological father.

“So are you gonna tell me now?” she asked hopefully.

“I’m going to tell you and your sister at the same time, so you have to wait for her to wake up fully,” he replied. His nose wrinkled in distaste as he could smell the cooking pancakes from the kitchen. “Harry! You’re going to have to take over hair duty!” he called as he abruptly stood and rushed out of the room.

“Mommy?” Cleo asked. She stood and made a move to follow her mother, but she was scooped up by Harry. 

“Mommy’s not feeling too hot right now, cupcake. Come on, let’s finish brushing your hair,” Harry sat her down on the couch and finished tugging the comb through her snarled locks. He wasn’t able to do anything fancy like Draco, but having two daughters had allowed him to learn how to do a decent ponytail.

As soon as both girls were sitting at the table with their breakfast on their plates, Harry went to see his omega. Ron watched over them and washed everything that smelled like cooking.

“Why is Mommy sick? Did he catch a bug?” Annabelle asked. She was always more chipper in the mornings once she had gotten in some calories.

“No, he didn’t catch a bug. It’s a little complicated, kitty,” he sighed. 

“Sorry,” Draco apologized when he finally managed to keep down the contents of his stomach. He sat across from the girls and scowled at the pancakes.

“So?” Cleo prompted eagerly.

“You’re just as eager as Teddy was as a kid,” Harry chuckled as he sat down at the breakfast table.

“You’re going to be an older sister. The both of you are,” Draco said with a kind smile.

“What?” Cleo asked, suddenly startled.

“I’m not going to be the only older one anymore!” Annabelle beamed. “Is he going to look like Aunt Ginny’s baby did? Is he? Is he?”

“I don’t want a baby! They smell bad and look funny,” Cleo complained.

“Don’t say that,” Draco chastised. “A baby is something that you’re supposed to protect and care for. Being a big sister will be good for you.”

“When’s the baby going to get here?” Annabelle grinned. She shoved the rest of her pancake into her mouth with her excitement.

“In about six months,” Draco reached for Ron’s hand and gave it a sharp squeeze. 

“What does that have to do with why you can’t pick me up?” Cleo demanded.

At the same time, her twin asked: “Who’s going to bring him?” 

“I can answer both of those questions at once. No one is going to bring the baby because your sibling is going to live inside me until they’re strong enough to be in the world,” Draco placed a hand on his already bulging stomach. “I can’t pick you up or stand certain smells anymore because the baby needs specific things.”

“I don’t want a baby,” Cleo growled. She folded her arms over her chair and glared at her half-eaten breakfast. She was trying her hardest to look upset, but all three of her parents could see the tears welling up in her eyes. 

“Why not?” Draco asked. Ron got the twins school bags ready and they were nearly out of the door before Cleo answered.

“I don’t want to have to share you,” she sniffled.

“You already share me with Annabelle, and I’ll just have more love to give. You won’t have to give up any of your cuddles or special Mommy time,” he soothed.

She wrenched herself away from his touch and marched out of the door with Ron following behind her. Draco released a frantic whimper and reached for her but she was already gone.

Cleo’s opinion on the baby didn’t change as the pregnancy progressed. She threw her biggest fit when the study furniture was in the living room and nearly the entire Weasley family came over to decorate the nursery and hold a baby shower. 

Bill and Charlie moved all of the furniture into the basement for storage. Annabelle had the best time riding around on top of the desk as they carried it down the steps, despite their mother’s concern. When they had finished with that, she helped decorate the living room and kitchen with the streamers and balloons. The kids were all shunted out to the backyard if they were old enough to be unsupervised while the adults talked.

Cleo stayed up in her room the entire time, only coming down when she was called. She glared at her mother and his behind Ron’s legs throughout lunch. She was yelled at twice for her actions and finally planted herself in the corner behind the fridge so that she could say she had been there without actually having to watch all of her family fawn over the new baby as they felt kicks.

“Hey Patra,” Teddy’s soft voice said as the beta sat down on the edge of her hideaway. He had called her the end of ‘Cleopatra’ for as long as she could remember, even though her name was Cleo.

“I don’t wanna come out so don’t even try,” she said stubbornly.

“I think I’m gonna try anyway. Do you want to go on a walk with me?” Teddy asked. He extended his hand to her and after a moment she finally accepted.

“Come on,” he grinned as he led her out of the cramped space and walked with her down the green street. “So, how is school going?”

“Bad. I can’t do maths right and my teacher doesn’t like me,” Cleo pouted slightly. 

“Who could dislike a kid as cute as you, Patra?” Teddy asked.

“She doesn’t like me cause I bit someone cause he knocked Annabelle over,” she replied matter-of-factly. 

“Well. You were just defending your sister like a good sibling should. Now do you want to tell me why you refuse to treat your brother like a human?” he asked.

“He’s not even borned yet. I don’t wanna talk about it,” she grouched.

“Would you talk to me about it if I let you go to the park and played with you for a bit?” Teddy reasoned.

“Really?” she whispered. “Mommy hasn’t spent time with me since he told us about the baby…”

“You haven’t really been nice to him recently, Patra,” Teddy said. He stopped walking and got down on one knee in front of her, tucking a long lock of white hair behind her ear. “Why is that?”

“He doesn’t love me anymore,” she finally exploded. She tossed her head back and began to cry big, fat tears while sobbing.

Teddy wrapped her up in a hug and pet her head as he let her cry. “Shh, shh, I’ve got you,” he whispered. Teddy had always been her favorite uncle, because he put up with her mood swings and was always there to talk to her instead of yelling at her for not being like her sister. The lectures had only increased when she began to throw fits about her baby brother.

“Why do you think that he doesn’t love you anymore?” Teddy began to walk with her hand in his as they got closer to the park.

“‘Cause all he ever talks about is the baby. He and Papa argue about names during dinner. He doesn’t even get up in the morning to send me to school,” she sniffled and rubbed her cheek.

“Draco told me that you refuse to hug him anymore or let him brush your hair,” Teddy said cautiously. 

“I don’t want him to ‘cause-’cause he keeps trying to get me to touch the bump and feel the baby moving. No one even knows I exist anymore,” she whispered.

“That’s not true, Patra,” he whispered. He scooped her up and carried her on his hip the rest of the way. When they got to the park he sat her down on the highest step of the jungle gym and then hoped up next to her. “Your parents love you very, very much. You mom just wants to spend time with you and wants you to be excited about the baby too.”

“Why? They smell bad and cry all the time,” she kicked her legs against the back of the step. 

“Yeah, they do. Vicky has been trying to get me to have a baby with her for a year,” he chuckled.

“Are you?” she asked, moving away from him a little bit. 

“Yeah, but not because I want to replace you. Babies are just more to love,” he tried.

“I’m not enough for Mommy and Daddy and Papa?” she asked in a small voice.

“No, you are. You should have seen the way that they looked when you were a baby. Your mommy almost never put you down because he wanted you to be safe all the time. Your papa and daddy would get up in the middle of the night just to take care of you,” Teddy smiled. “Now, they want to have another baby so that they can do that again. The older that you get, the less that they can do and the less that they can love you.”

“So it’s my fault,” she brought her knees up to her chest and stared at the woodchips.

“No. It’s hard to explain, Patra,” he sighed. “Their love for you won’t decrease. It’s like they have a special place in their heart for you, and another one for Annabelle. The baby will get his own special little place, but your place won’t shrink and neither will Annabelle’s.”

“But why do they want me to love the baby?” Cleo asked.

“Because they want you to be a family. Families love each other, but it’s okay if you can’t. Just try,” Teddy smiled. They spent the next half hour playing with each other and then he went home with her.

Nearly half of the people that had attended the baby shower were gone and there were gifts for the unborn infant on every surface of the house. Molly was folding little outfits to be put in the nursery while Harry and Ron were still upstairs trying to get everything put together.

“Cleo, you’re back,” Draco smiled as he saw his daughter.

“Hi Mommy,” she mumbled. She released Teddy’s hand and made her way over to them, looking over all of the presents. She hadn’t even gotten this much when she turned five a few months ago.

“You weren’t here when we were opening gifts. This one's for you,” Draco hauled himself up and had her sit on the chair he had been on. He kneeled down next to her and gently slid a heavy box into her lap.

“Why?” she asked, glaring at the pretty bow over the shining wrapping paper.

“Because. Why should the baby get everything when I love all of you?” he rubbed her leg and kissed her on the forehead.

She sniffed a bit and then opened the gift. Inside there was a picture book called ‘Waiting for Baby’ and a shirt that read ‘Protective Big Sister’. Cleo sighed but tried to smile anyway. These weren’t presents for her because her parents loved her, these were presents to try and get her to like her baby brother.

“Thanks Mommy,” she tried.

“That’s not everything in the box, sweetheart,” he whispered as his hand rested on her knee. He had a sad kind of smile on his face but his eyes still shone with the love that she had gotten used to being directed at her. 

She placed the gifts by her side and then picked up the poster that she had been wanting since before her fifth birthday. She unfolded it and squealed as unbridled joy filled her face. “I wanted this one so bad!” she grinned.

“I know you did, baby. We thought that you deserved it since you’ve been having such a hard time at school,” Draco pressed a kiss to his forehead, but he almost didn’t reach since he couldn’t quite stretch with the baby bump.

“Draco, you shouldn’t be on the floor,” Harry chastised as he came downstairs. Molly began to move the excessive amounts of diapers and clothing upstairs to them away.

“I was letting Cleo sit in the spotlight chair,” he replied as he reached for help from his alpha.

“I gotted a poster, Daddy,” she grinned as she hoped down from the chair. She rushed upstairs and got the poster stuck to the wall with some magic that she didn’t realize was there and tape that wasn’t stuck to the wall in the slightest.

“Why did Cleo get a poster when I didn’t?” Annabelle asked as Cleo bounded down the stairs and into the living room.

“Because you got a coloring book and she’s been struggling more than you,” Draco informed her with a kiss to her forehead. “No more cupcakes, I can smell the sugar leaking out of you.”

“Cannot!” she laughed. Annabelle and Cleo went out the backyard and played with the other kids for the remainder of the baby shower. When everyone had left, Annabelle’s sugar high wore off and she was left with a stomach ache and the strong need for a nap.

“Mommy?” Cleo asked from the doorway of the living room.

“Yes, sweetie?” he asked as he turned to her. He had one hand on the top of his large baby bump and the other holding a book open.

“Could we, um, cuddle? Please?” she asked. Her voice was small in the back of her throat and she had tears threatening to spill down her face.

“Of course! Let me move to the couch and I can read to you,” Draco beamed wider than he had all day. He got up and situated himself on the couch. 

Cleo rushed to him and nuzzled into his side with her book clutched in between her hands. She released her nutmeg and cloves scent as she listened to her mother’s soothing voice and got to nuzzle into his warmth. The baby kicked her cheek and she let out a small whimper. “Does he know I do-didn’t like him?”

“No, he’s just getting cramped in my belly since there’s not a lot of room,” Draco soothed. “You and your sister moved more since there were two of you in here.”

She nodded and calmed down. Her little hands touched the bump and felt the baby move as Draco finished the story. By the end of the collection, she was dead asleep.

When it was time for their baby brother to be born into the world, Ron woke them up in the middle of the night. “Papa?” Cleo asked as she blinked furiously at him.

“Wha’s going on?” she yawned while Annabelle made a series of furious growls.

“Mommy’s going to have the baby, so you’re going to stay with Uncle Teddy and Aunt Vicky. Does that sound like fun?” he asked. He grabbed their backpacks and put some pajamas, day clothes, and toiletries into them.

“Why are we going in the middle of the night?” Annabelle grouched as she slid down the ladder and let him put her shoes on.

“Because Mommy doesn’t get to decide on when your baby brother comes, he just comes,” Ron chuckled. Down the hall, they heard their mother release a pained scream.

“Is Mommy going to be okay?” Annabelle asked, a thousand times more awake than she had been moments before.

“He’ll be fine. He did this with both of you,” Ron smiled tensely. His omega was already getting close to active labor and he didn’t want to be away for longer than he had to. “Come on, we’re going to use the floo network.”

“I don’t like flooing, it tastes bad,” Cleo complained. She slid off her bed and followed her sister as they got to the big fireplace in the living room. The three of them stepped into it and held tight to their father’s legs as he threw the sooty substance in and announced where he wanted to go.

“Baby’s coming?” Victorie asked with a yawn as she walked into the living room. She was wearing a skimpy tanktop and long pants underneath a silky bathrobe.

“Yes, I have to go,” Ron leaned down and kissed them both on the forehead before he stepped back into the fire and left.

“Is Mommy going to be okay?” Annabelle asked.

“Of course he is,” the alpha smiled kindly.

“Hey kiddos!” Teddy grinned as he walked in after his wife.

“Uncle Teddy!” Cleo cheered. She launched herself at the beta and hugged him tightly when he caught her. 

Annabelle sat on the couch and whimpered as she tried hard not to cry. Victorie wrapped her up in a hug to help sooth her. They ended up making a nest on the guest bedroom bed to help sooth the omegas and get them to sleep.

The next morning, the twins woke up to the smell of something strange and eggy. Their honorary aunt had made them german pancakes, which they eagerly wolfed down with as much whipped cream as possible. They played with each other and went to school when the time came, hearing nothing about their parents or baby brother.

“Do you think that Uncle Teddy is going to come get us or Daddy?” Cleo asked as they waited outside of their school.

“I don’t know. I just want to know that Mommy’s okay,” Annabelle scowled. She had been frowning like that all day and making little worried noises. Both girls had actually sat in the office crying during their recess because another one of the kids had talked about their aunt dying during childbirth.

“Hey kids!” Harry grinned as he saw the twins. He wrapped them up in a hug and squeezed. “Your baby brother is here and your mommy wants to see you. He says that he doesn’t trust Uncle Teddy to take good enough care of his kids.”

“Uncle Teddy is the best and Aunt Vicky let us have all the whipped cream we wanted,” Cleo boasted. Harry let them talk to him about their days as they made the way back to the house. Once they got there, they used the floo powder again and went to the hospital where they had visited their Grandpa Arthur when he broke his hip.

“Mommy’s okay?” Annabelle asked worriedly as they made their way through the hallways.

“He’s just fine, and your baby brother is healthy too,” he grinned. “But bigger than you two were when you were born.”

When they reached the hospital room, Cleo rushed in and was caught from climbing onto the bed by Ron’s arm. “Papa!” she growled in frustration.

“Mommy has been through a lot and doesn’t need an energetic puppy wrecking havoc,” he chuckled. He sat down on a chair with Cleo in his lap.

“I wouldn’t have minded. I missed you two so much,” Draco smiled brightly. He had a bundle of cloth in his arms and looked absolutely exhausted.

“Can I sit next to Mommy?” Annabelle asked.

“Yes,” Draco nodded. The little omega clambered onto his bed and then sat against the pillows while leaning on him a bit.

“He looks squashed,” she commented.

“Yes, he does,” Draco laughed. “Would you like to hold him?”

Annabelle nodded eagerly and listened to every word that her mother told her as she got to hold her baby brother. After five minutes he started to cry and Draco had to take him back and sooth him. Annabelle and Cleo switched places and Cleo got to hold her brother once he had been fed and burped.

“He doesn’t smell as bad as Uncle George’s baby did,” she said softly. As much as she had anticipated the resentment and anger returned, she actually felt love flow through her. 

“He was just washed,” Draco yawned. “His name is Horace.”



WARNINGS: Murder, torture, abuse, unhealthy relationships, and unhealthy coping mechanisms

At the beginning of this journey, Molly couldn’t bear the thought of the things that she was prepared to do. Now that she was here, she knew that this was something she was more than capable of. 

Not long after Fred’s death, the anger inside of her stewed and intensified which made her snappish with the rest of her family. Soon, all of the kids that had been living in their large home before fled to all corners of the world. Arthur was the only one that didn’t have the excuse to move out and a year after their son’s death, all of his things were gone and the only trace he had ever been there was his dent on the bed and the divorce papers on the table. 

Molly didn’t mind much because with them gone she didn’t have anyone that could stop her from working to get revenge for her son’s death. She figured that the others shouldn’t have been surprised, since she had killed Bellatrix Lestrange without a moment’s hesitation for just threatening her daughter.

She worked on finding out who had killed her son by visiting the Death Eaters that had either turned themselves to the good side just early enough to avoid going to Azkaban and those that had been caught. Molly found out rather quickly the exact spell that had killed her son and just who had cast it.

It may have been a bit of a shock to some, to see just a maternal and loving woman now constantly robed in black and scoping out the most wretched places in the world. No one had seen the Carrows since the battle at Hogwarts, and there was only speculation on where they were very so often.

Molly met Antonin four years after Fred had passed away when she finally reverted to using two of the three unforgivable curses to get what she wanted. He taught her wonderful things, such as the best way to drag information out of someone without them ever realizing that she was there. She knew that she had fallen in love with him when he started teaching her the most accurate way to inflict pain on those that had wronged her. 

When he finally admitted that he loved her, they spent the night and the following day tangled around each other. He worshipped her body as though she were a walking goddess and it only took one look at him to tell that he was going to be more pleasing than her ex-husband had ever been. 

Their relationship pushed and shoved at the line between infatuated and abusive. They screamed at each other and then made love. They were almost never seen apart from each other, but not because they loved each other but because they didn’t want the other to betray them. Their intimate nights were spent with teeth and nails breaking the other’s skin. Despite the bad parts, they held each other when the other had a nightmare and kept the other company. They made sure that neither of them were caught by the authorities and helped the other with their vengeance.

Such as now, when Molly finally had the Carrows knelt in front of her. She gripped her wand strong in her hand and took another step forward. “Give me one good reason why I should make your death quick.”

“Because when we killed your son, he was laughing,” the sister hissed as she tried to fight the binding spell on her arms.

“And you shot him behind the head when he was distracted!” she screamed. She raised her wand and shouted a few short words. 

The sister fell to the ground and began to convulse while a frothy blood mix spilled out of her mouth and onto the ground below. She opened her mouth like she was trying to scream but no sound came out. She turned to the side and then her hips radically twisted, breaking her back into two. 

“You killed her,” the brother screeched as he reached for his wand in his back pocket.

“And you killed my son. Now you know the pain of losing someone close to you. You get to know this pain for the rest of time,” she advanced on him again and pressed her wand under his chin. She cast the spell with a murmur.

His eyes rolled back into his head until the only thing that could be seen were the whites. He fell back against the ground and stopped moving. A thin magical veil encased his frame as the spell took effect and locked him in a timeless repeating loop. 

“I do have to say, darling,” Antonin murmured as he took a step forward. His hands wrapped around her waist and brought him closer to her. “You look lovelier than you ever had using the spells I taught you.”



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, and hate sex

This is my second ever song-fic, and the first one that I have actually tried to make the story adhere to the lyrics for, so this may not be the best. That being said, I hope you can still enjoy. Stay sissy and bitchy everyone! <3

The song that this is inspired after: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixw_bLVUL34

Got a big plan, this mindset maybe it's right

Minerva could feel her blood boiling as she looked over to the toad-woman who had driven her one and only friend out of the school. The students were miserable and she was trying to take over something that wasn’t rightfully hers. Just the thought of her thinking that she could torture and belittle the students that were just trying to get an education and be themselves made her seeth with rage. Suddenly, the cat-like woman smirked as an idea slowly formed.

At the right place and right time, maybe tonight

If Deloras thought that she could rule the school, then Minerva would rule her. It wasn’t the first time that she had that kind of a relationship with someone, and there wouldn’t be anything romantic involved. She just wanted to be able to put her into her place. Sex did that with most women since their society already used it as a way to put them ‘into their place.’ She’d have to do it soon, since Minerva couldn’t bear the thought of the other woman thinking she had power where she didn’t for longer than necessary. 

And the whisper or handshake sending a sign

“Deloras,” Minerva spoke up as she put her fork carefully down next to her plate. “If you would meet me in the hall,” she said carefully as she stood up and left.

Wanna make out and kiss hard, wait never mind

“What is so important that you couldn’t just tell me during dinner?” the shrill voice of the woman she despised asked as she walked into the hallway. She licked her lips and nervously took a step back as Minerva took a step towards her. Deloras’ heart was beating quickly in her ears as her stomach flipped with anticipation, but she pushed it away. 

Late night, and passing, mention it flipped her

“We can’t keep hating each other like this. The fight yesterday in front of the students was unprofessional and is going to stress them more than they already are,” Minerva began. “I propose that we work out our issues on each other in an adult manner.”

Best friend, who knows saying maybe it slipped

“Are you proposing that we should have sex together?” she asked, her cheeks turning a bright pink that matched her outfit.

But the slip turns to terror and a crush to light

“If that’s what it takes to get you to stop acting like you own everything, then yes, I am willing to put you in your place,” Minerva snarled as she took another step forward. Her eyes drifted over the woman in front of her and she took in every detail of the body language. Deloras was clasping and unclasping her hands and her cheeks remained pink. It wasn’t the normal flush or stammering that happened when she was being humiliated, as Minerva would well know. No, this was something different. She turned and left quickly, allowing the other woman to stew in her feelings. 

When she walked in, she froze up, believe it's the fright

The next day, Minerva was a little late for dinner as she had spent the past three hours grading homework. She looked over the panel of teachers until her eyes latched onto Dolores and saw how the other teacher was tensed and unmoving. 

It’s cute in a way, till you cannot speak

The dom side of her saw it as cute, to see a submissive type person panic whenever they saw the object of their affection. The human side of her was repulsed at the mere idea of the toad-like woman holding any sort of adoration for her. 

And you leave to have a cigarette, your knees get weak

Throughout dinner, she could feel the other woman’s eyes flit over to her every now and again. When Minerva had finally eaten her fill, she stood and walked out to get any kind of an escape. She found herself on the balcony in her rooms. She grabbed a cigarette, just a bad habit she hadn’t been able to break. She lit it and took a couple drags before letting her mind wander. While the idea of Deloras having feelings for her was repulsive, the idea of being able to put her down on her knees was wonderful. 

An escape is just a nod and a casual wave

Meanwhile, Delores began to pour over any of the news about the other woman to find a way against her. She hated the feelings that brewed inside of her and wanted to be able to vanquish them with a quick shag or firing of the other teacher. She quickly found an old paper that detailed an interview that Minerva gave to a small-town paper about the BDSM den that she ran. According to her, control like that could increase magic and other natural abilities.

Obsessed about it, heavy for the next two days

Neither woman could get their minds off of each other for the next two days straight. Lessons were still taught, papers were still graded, and detentions were still held and given. However, both of them seemed to be rather distracted whenever the other one was in sight. They could get things from each other, and now they both knew it. 

It's only just a crush, it'll go away

At the end of the second day, Deloras knew what her feelings were. She was incapable of love and always would be. She hated people and they hated her, just as the universe had intended. She wasn’t in love with Minerva, she didn’t even like the other woman. What she did like was the power that she held and the way that she could overpower even her. 

It's just like all the others it'll go away

Despite knowing what these feelings were, she knew that they would pass. She could be attracted to someone’s power until the end of time without ever acting on anything. She would be able to hold the power over Minerva, not the other way around. 

Or maybe this is danger and she just don't know

As the end of the third night approached, a looming sense of dread poured over her. It was like being watched or a ghost walking through you. Something just sat in the back of her mind, like she had forgotten something or needed to do something. She couldn’t put her finger on it no matter what she did. 

You pray it all away but it continues to grow

By the time that she was walking through the halls after dinner to get to her chambers she felt as though she were being stalked by a murderer. She turned and looked, but didn’t see anything following her in the hallways. She burst into her rooms and then shut the door behind her with a heaving chest. 

Then she walked up and told her, thinking that she'd passed

“Took you long enough to get here,” Minerva said from where she was perched on the atrocious pink bed. “I know that you want me, and now you’re going to get me.”

And they talked and looked away a lot, doing the dance

“Want you? Wherever did you get that idea?” Deloras asked, ignoring the way that her loins burned with want. She wanted to see the other woman on her knees. She wanted to bite and scratch against the perfect milky skin. 

Her hand brushed up against hers, she left it there

Minerva reached forward and grabbed her hand. She twisted Deloras’ arm around and pressed her into the wall. She released her after a moment, satisfied that the shock factor had been done correctly. 

Told her how she felt and then they locked in a stare

“I saw you staring at me during dinner for the last three nights, you pink toad,” she seethed as her eyes narrowed dangerously. Her eyes looked surprisingly like a cat’s even while she was in human form. Neither of them dared to tear their eyes away from each other lest the other one get the upper hand. 

They took a step back, thought about it, what should they do

Neither of them moved and the air of the rooms seemed to go stale with how shallowly they were breathing. Both had thoughts racing, and yet their bodies were locked.

'Cause there's always repercussions when you're dating in school

Despite Dumbledore being gone and inter-staff relationships being perfectly allowed, they both knew that there would be repercussions. Neither liked each other and this was a power game, so whoever ended up winning would be the one that got that power. If anyone were to find out, it was possible the Delores would lose her job at the ministry or Minerva would become the laughing stalk of the school. 

But their lips met, and reservations started to pass

Minutes seemed to pass like eons as they stared at each other, but then suddenly Minerva was gripping the other woman’s face and their lips mashed together. Delores wove her hand through the other’s hair and brought her closer while pushing against her. Their lips moved together and there was a biting of lips, and tongue.

Whether this was just an evening or a thing that would last

Minerva tugged them back to the bed that was pressed against the wall. She turned them around and shoved the other teacher onto it before she clambered onto her waist. She leaned down and bit her neck hard enough to break the skin. “I’m going to own you,” she seethed through her clenched teeth when she pulled back.

Either way she wanted her and this was bad

“I’d like to see you try,” Delores wrenched herself out of the other woman’s hold. She stripped off the hideous outfit that she always adorned and threw it to the ground. Minerva was reaching behind her and removing the lacing of her dress behind her. 

She wanted to do things to her it was making her crazy

As soon as they were both naked, Deloras grabbed her hips and began to bite over her breasts. She sunk her nails into the other teacher’s back hard enough to leave crescent shaped marks in the flesh. Minerva raised her knee and pressed it into the other’s clit to make pain out of pleasure.

Now a little crush turned into a like

Both women were dripping with arousal and it was obvious that they wanted this. Minerva brought two fingers up and shoved them into Dolores, not pausing to make sure that the other was okay as she began to pump them in and out of her.

And now she wants to grab her by the hair and tell her

The toad-like woman gripped Minerva’s long locks that had long since fallen out of their normal neat bun. Three of her own fingers plunged into the wet heat of the older woman and began to curl against the walls. She tugged on the hair and brought Minerva’s head back and away from the pillows at the same time. 

I want to hold you close

Their bodies pressed impossibly close to each other and they continued to pump in an out of each other with two of their hands. Minerva spread her fingers as she pulled them out once, making the stretch a bit uncomfortable.

Skin pressed against me tight

“I hate having you this close,” she hissed as her teeth began to redo their work of creating marks and scratches all over the other.

Lie still, and close your eyes girl

“Stop moving, you impossible woman,” Deloras hissed as she wrenched the other woman’s hands away from her cunt. She threw the arm against her bed and then pressed one of Minerva’s legs against her clit. She leaned down and began to lap at the other witch’s entrance with her tongue. She made sure to bite the folds very so often to send a shock of hateful pain throughout her.

So lovely, it feels so right

Minerva moaned, long and hard as she felt her orgasm building up. She clenched her folds around the tongue inside of her. She exploded as teeth bit her folds again, pleasure shooting throughout her entire form. Her muscles tightened and then relaxed as the orgasm took over her entire body.

I want to hold you close

When she had finished she reached down and pulled the other woman closer to her. She pressed Delores against her own skin and moved to flip them over. Once she had she continued to move her thigh and knee against the other woman’s clit.

Soft breasts, beating heart

She pressed her hand to Delores’ chest and began to squeeze and run her nails down the flesh of her breasts. She could feel the other’s heart beating heavy underneath her ribcage.

As I whisper in your ear

Delores tightened and moaned as she orgasmed, her folds throbbing against Minerva’s thigh as she leaned down close to her ear, already reaching for her wand that had been discarded on the end table

I want to fucking tear you apart

“I want to fucking tear you apart,” she whispered. A moment later, she was gone and there was no sign that she had ever been there. The only thing that convinced the other woman that the occasion had been real were the massive bruises and scratches she was left with. 



WARNINGS: CGL, and age-play

Sirius glanced up from his book to the little that was playing on the ground. Severus had always been quiet, whether that was in or out of little space. The caregiver smiled fondly as he watched his lover, around five or six mentally, search for the missing piece of the puzzle that was actually in his other hand.

He turned and looked at the clock, seeing that it was already ten, which is when he put Severus to bed when he was little. He would come and join his lover an hour later when he’d already be asleep. He glanced back to his little and then to his book, deciding to let his lover have five more minutes of play time.

“Daddy, I finished,” Severus said in a quiet voice. Because of the trauma that his childhood, when in headspace, the little was always cautious about talking to Sirius without being prompted.

“That looks amazing,” he grinned as he shut his book. He placed it on the end table between his chair and the couch. He scooted off of his chair and onto the ground next to the other man. “Look at you, you’re so smart!”

“S’just a puzzle, Daddy,” Severus flushed a bright red color.

“Nonsense. Anything my little snake does is amazing,” he pulled the smaller man into his lap and kissed his cheek. “Now, it’s ten. Do you know what that means?”

“Bedtime,” he whined, sinking down in the other’s lap so that his head was against Sirius’ stomach.

“Yup! See? I said you were smart,” he chuckled. He wrapped around his little and stood up so that Severus was on his feet. “What do you want for your bedtime snack?”

“Can I have peanut butter bread and a banana?” he asked. He held Sirius’ hand with his four fingers in between the caregiver’s thumb and pointer finger. He grasped at his shirt and brought it up to his face to suck on it.

“Hey, we’re getting you food, no need to eat your shirt,” the caregiver chuckled as he removed the fabric from his face and sat him down on the barstools against the island in their kitchen. He pulled the bread from the breadbox and put it on the island.

“Can I have a paci for bed, Daddy?” Severus asked. 

“Yeah, but you have to brush your teeth really well. You know how peanut butter gets everywhere when you eat it,” he grabbed the jar out of one of the cupboards and grasped in the silverware drawer for a butter knife.

“Okay,” he nodded seriously. 

The caregiver chuckled and spread the peanut butter over the bread. When it had an even coat, he placed it on a plate and handed it over to his little.

“Thank you,” Severus chirped as he picked the snack up and began munching on it. 

“No problem, sweetheart,” he smiled happily. He grabbed the banana from the counter next to the paper towel stand and put it on the edge of the plate. While the little ate, his caregiver worked on putting the food back where it belonged.

“All done,” Severus said as he slid off of the tall barstool and onto the ground. 

“Let’s go and choose the pajamas you want to wear,” he grabbed his little’s hand and brought him to their bedroom. He opened the drawer where they kept the little pajamas and outfits for their playtime. “Which ones?” he asked.

“Can I wear the green ones?” he asked curiously.

“Of course!” Sirius grinned. He pulled the outfit out and placed it on the covers of their bed. He shut the drawer and then turned to his lover. “Arms up, babycakes!”

Severus giggled as he put his arms up in the air and wiggled as Sirius took off his top. The caregiver discarded the item of clothing on the edge of the bed as he grabbed the pajama top. He put the soft sleeves over his arms and then began to do up the buttons.

“Daddy,” Severus called. “Daddy!”

“What is it baby?” he asked as he looked into the pretty, dark eyes of his lover.

“You did the buttons wrong,” he giggled.

Sirius looked from his face down to the shirt in his hand, his brows furrowed together, The cloth was bunched in the middle as he had missed one of the button holes when doing the shirt up. “So I have,” he chuckled. He quickly undid the whole thing and then did them back up. When he had finished, he poked his lover in the side and caused a giggle to erupt from him.

“That tickles!” he shrieked.

“Tickles? What?” he asked, pretending to be shocked. “Never!”

“Yes, Daddy! It tickles,” he insisted. 

“No tickles, only trousers,” he handed the pajama pants to his lover and stood up. Severus tugged the rest of his day clothes off and then finished putting on his pajamas.

When Severus was in his pajamas, Sirius led him to the master suite bathroom. He got the toothbrush wet and put the toothpaste on it. He watched his lover scrub at his teeth for a bit before he was satisfied that he’d do a good job. He returned to the bedroom and put the clothes in the hamper. He got out a book for the bedtime story and the requested pacifier, placing them on his side of the bed.

“All done!” the little announced as he walked out of the bathroom.

“Did you rinse your toothbrush?” Sirius asked with an affectionate smile.

“Yup, all clean,” he nodded. He got onto the bed at the end and crawled to his pillows. He tossed the blankets into the air and dove under them, giggling madly. 

“Are you ready for a bedtime story, cutie?” Sirius asked as he got onto the bed overtop of the covers.

“Mhm,” he nodded. His dark hair was just peeking out of the covers.

“Does Daddy get to have cuddles while he reads to you?” Sirius asked.

“Yup!” Severus replied as he got out of the covers so they were just over his lap. He wiggled underneath the blankets until he was pressed right against his lover and caregiver. He leaned his head on Sirius’ shoulder and watched the picturebook the taller man was holding with intent.

Sirius chuckled lightly and grasped the pacifier next to him. “Open up,” he requested. When it had been filled, he gently pressed the binkie into Severus’ mouth. The little released a contented noise and nuzzled closer into him. He listened silently as his caregiver read the bedtime story. 

“Look at you, you can barely keep your eyes open,” Sirius chuckled as he lay his boyfriend down on the bed. He kissed his cheek and pressed their foreheads together for a moment. “Goodnight, sleep tight,” he whispered. He cast the nightlight charm and turned all other lights out as he slipped out of the room.

“Night, night,” he heard Severus murmur. He smiled slightly and went downstairs to clean up the mess the little had left.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content and impregnation

Harry slowly walked down the empty halls of the castle that he had once called home. He had since had to move on, but he returned to interview for a teaching position upon discovering that he had enough adventures for one lifetime and didn’t want to be an Auror. The students had gone to bed and he was allowed to stay overnight, so he took the opportunity to walk around and remember things.

“You,” a startlingly quiet voice asked from behind him.

Harry whirled around and saw the Grey Lady slowly slip through the wall to the corridor that he was walking through.

“Me,” he replied with a small nod.

“You drove that man’s sould out of my mother’s diadem,” she whispered. 

“Yes, I suppose that I did,” he nodded. “I wouldn’t lie to you, Helena.”

“I must repay you,” she slowly drifted closer to her, almost as if she had found a substantial form and was walking to him. 

“How would you do that? I thought that finding the diadem and getting the Horcrux out of it was payment for the knowledge of where it was,” he replied. His heart was beating heavy in his chest, and his lungs seemed to be slowly forgetting how to work.

“I want to give you more of a reward for not lying to me like the Tom boy did,” she whispered. Her hands reached for him and Harry braced for the cold sense of chills but it never came. Instead, he could feel nimble, ice-cold fingers ghosting over his shoulders.

He glanced down at his hand and then back up to her. He raised up his own hand and found that whenever he expected to go through her, Helena’s body acted as though she were alive. “How is this possible?” Harry asked. Thoughts and possibilities were running through his mind as he had a beautiful woman willing to do Merlin knows what with him.

“You are the Master of Death. You had all three of the brother’s gifts for besting him, and now you control him,” she explained softly. 

“So that means that I can touch ghosts? Seems like a rather unequal gift for all the work I went to,” he complained a bit.

“Yes, but that’s most likely not all. Now may I give you the reward?” Helena asked. 

Harry nodded and she surged forward. Her ice-cold lips pressed over his as her hands moved around to the back of his head. He moved his hands up to her hips and brought her closer to him as he pressed back into the kiss. Their lips moved together in perfect synchronicity. 

“Is that all I get?” he asked when they separated because he needed to breathe.

“If you allow me, I plan to give you a lot more,” she whispered. Her lips pressed to his cheek and then moved down to his jaw and neck.

“I would love more from you, Helena,” he whispered. His cock strained against its confines and leaked with arousal already.

She moved him against one of the walls and then back away. Her hands moved behind her and she began to undo the ties behind her back. When she had finished, she tugged at the sleeves until they peeled from her shoulders and the silky fabric crumbled to the ground. Her body was the same ghostly grey that her clothing had been, but she was more beautiful than anything Harry had ever seen.

He glanced up her form and forced his mind to register the way that her hips and thighs perfectly balanced out her breasts. He longed to trial his hands up and down her hips to her waist.

“What do you think?” she asked nervously when he hadn’t said anything in a while.

“I think that you are the most beautiful woman that ever roamed this earth,” he replied immediately. He tugged off his shirt and threw it down to the ground next to him. He smiled reassuringly at her as he began to work on his pants, “And I’m going to make sure that we both enjoy this.”

“You truly are a good man, Harry Potter,” she beamed. She grasped her left wrist with her right hand, which pressed her b-cup breasts together and turned her perky nipples upward.

“Get against the wall,” he said as he backed away.

She did as she was told and pressed herself against the wall. The only reason that she didn’t slip through was Harry’s hand against her back as he brought her to the right place. He let the other one roam over her stomach before he brought his hands up to her breasts. “These are gorgeous,” he murmured, massaging them in a way that would be pleasurable for her. 

“Please, do not tease me so,” she murmured as she released a little moan.

“I won’t, not if you don’t ask me to,” he mumbled in reply. He let his right hand move down to her thigh, lifting it and bringing it around his hips. Now that she was wrapped around him he could use both of his hands for other things. He held her up with one hand and grasped his cock with the other. 

“Are you ready?” he asked as he prepared to enter her.

“Yes, please,” she begged, spreading her legs a bit so that he could access her dripping cunt easier. 

Harry nodded and slowly let his cock breach the chilly entrance in front of him. She seemed to warm the further he pressed into her until she was nearly a human temperature. He glanced down and moaned loudly as he saw his cock buried deep inside of her, dripping precum against her walls.

“You like what you see?” She whispered. One of her hands moved behind his head and brought her lips against his again.

Harry slowly removed his cock and shoved back into her as their lips fought another battle. He began to set a pace of pulling almost all the way out of Helena before moving his cock all the way inside of her. She moaned and whined against his mouth each time that his cock found the sensitive spots against her walls. 

“I can see the trails of my precum inside of you,” he whispered when they separated from the kiss. He began to stare at the image of his cock slipping in and out of her. It was the most arousing thing that he had ever seen, his cock shoving the precum deep inside of her and smearing it against her walls.

“I’m going to finish,” she whispered, flushing a deeper grey at the words that tumbled out of her mouth.

“Me too,” Harry whispered, the old-fashioned language not killing the mood at all. He thrust into her one more time and moaned as her walls clamped down around his cock. The hot spiral in his gut unfurled and he shot his load deep inside of her cunt, painting it a swirling white.

“Oh,” she moaned. Her walls clamped down around him and began to milk every drop of cum out of him as she could. He could see the swirling white mass of his orgasm painting her walls and eating deep inside of her to her cervix and womb. “I have long forgotten what that feels like,” she whispered.

Harry pulled out of her and continued to marvel at the sight for a moment. He quickly got dressed and handed her clothing to her. “Thank you, for being willing to accept my reward and let me feel the touch of a lover one more time.”

“Of course,” he smiled happily. “You hold a very special place in my heart, Helena,” he whispered.

Harry ended up taking the job as Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, and found it very enjoyable. He was able to model his lessons after the teacher that he had really idolized and the students were very willing to listen to him. He taught the same way that Remus had, and how he had taught when he ran Dumbledore’s Army.

Now, he was sitting in his office while grading the last semester’s final exams. He glanced up as he saw the headmistress knock on the door to his rooms. “Yes?” he asked, his brows furrowed together worriedly.

“Potter. I would like you to do me a favor,” the elderly woman gracefully moved across the floor like she was forty years spryer. 

“What would that be, professor?” he asked. His stomach flipped as he worried that it might have something to do with the Dark Arts, which he had no interest in dabling in if it wasn’t for teaching purposes.

“One of the ghosts has locked herself away and is requesting that you be the only person that she is apparently willing to let past the locked door,” McGongall replied shortly.

“Which ghost is it and where is she?” Harry asked. He was thankful for a break from grading.

“The Grey Lady in the trophy room. Report to my office once you have resolved the issue,” she said as she turned and quickly left.

Harry beamed as he thought about getting to see the ghost again. He hadn’t seen her at meals or in the halls since they had shared their night together. It wasn’t abnormal for her to disappear for good periods of time, since she and the Bloody Baron had such a conflict and she kept to herself even on good days.

His brows furrowed together as he stood for his desk. Thoughts rushed through his head while he walked down the hallways to try and get to the trophy room. Luckily, the students had been cleared away and told to avoid the hallway lest they face their headmistress’ wrath. 

“Helena? You asked for me?” Harry asked as he tried to open the door to get to the ghost. It didn’t seem to be locked and he was able to get in before it slammed shut behind him. “What is this about?”

“I am harboring a life inside me,” she whispered. It was obvious that she had been crying and her eyes were with fear. She stood up from where she was crouched in the corner and turned to ace him.

“So you are,” he whispered as he saw the tiny fetus hidden in the placenta attached to the walls of her womb. “How is this possible?”

“You are the Master of Death, so you can make life where there should be none,” she murmured.

“I’ll take responsibility for this. I’ll stay with you everyday and I’ll take care of the child once they are born, I promise,” Harry said as he grasped her hands. 

“Why are you so sweet?” she whispered. She leaned forward and pressed her lips to his forehead.

“You deserve someone to love you after all you’ve been through. And I thought that after Ginny and I went our separate ways that I would never find another,” he grinned. 

“You think that I can be that person for you?” she asked.

“Yes, I do. Now you have our child and we can be together,” he beamed. “If you want this.”

“I do, I really do,” she threw her arms around him and began to cry into his neck. Harry didn’t mind the ice-water rolling down onto his robes as he held her. He pressed a hand to her stomach and could feel the life growing within her.




Harry and Draco worked well together in almost everything. They were like soulmates with how much they loved each other, so their relationship barely had any issues. When they were teaching they bounced off of each other so easily that the students prefered to have them together than apart, even if potions and DADA only overlapped every so often. They did almost everything together when they were home, except cooking. Draco had never shown much of an interest in it so it was never something that they had tried. Until now, of course.

“So what are we making tonight?” the blond asked.

“I was thinking about making chicken tikka masala,” Harry grabbed his apron off the wall and tied it around his waist. He stuck his head through the hole and brushed it down to remove wrinkles.

“That can’t be too hard, the actual prep work only takes you half an hour,” Draco smiled.

“We can do something easier for your first time cooking. Something like steak or macaroni?” Harry offered nervously.

“I don’t need to be treated like a child just because I don’t cook. It can’t be that much different than potions,” he huffed.

“It’s very different from potions,” Harry laughed. He grasped his mate by his hips and pecked his forehead. “There’s no magic involved and you taste things a lot more.”

“Well, the students always claim you’re an amazing teacher, so why don’t you show me how well you teach,” he replied curtly.

“Yessir, Professor Malfoy,” he snorted.

“Harry!” his lover nearly seethed.

“Alright, alright. Wash your hands thoroughly,” Harry reached into the fridge and got out the chicken breast and small peppers that they would need. 

“Now what?” Draco asked.

“Now, you’re going to cut the tops off of the peppers and de-seed them. They cut them into halves or fourths depending on how big they are,” Harry grabbed a knife off of the magnetic rack on the wall and a cutting board out of the drawer. He placed the knife and board down on the counter next to the stove and moved the peppers from one counter to the other.

He grasped at the knife and pulled a pepper out of the bag, showing his lover how to do it. He moved the seeds to one side of the cutting board with the top and then put the pieces they would actually use for the dish on the other side. 

“I don’t need to be shown, I can follow rules,” Draco grumbled. He grasped the knife and nudged Harry out of the way with his hip. The raven-haired male just chuckled and got another cutting board and knife out. He cut the chicken breast into stripes and then cubed it off so that the meat was in bite sized chunks. He placed the board by his lover and got the rice cooker out of the cupboard. 

“When you’re finished with the vegetables, coat the chicken in flour so that it can cook better,” Harry said. He measured out the rice into the bowl and then began to wash it so that it would be properly sticky. 

They all worked in silence for a bit, Harry checking to make sure that his lover was doing everything correctly and not struggling. He had just gotten the water in the rice set up and the cooker turned on when he turned around and felt his eyes widen. “What are you doing?” Harry asked suddenly.

“I’m putting the cut up pieces of chicken in the flour like you told me to,” he replied with an edge to his voice. 

“Draco, that’s baking flour,” Harry whispered. “I use it to make the cookies and breads that Molly sends me recipes for,” he bit back a small laugh as he saw the disappointment on his lover’s face.

“It doesn’t matter much, will it?” he asked.

“The baking flour is finer and tastes a little different,” he sighed.

“Just because the flour tastes different doesn’t mean that I’ve completely messed everything up!” Draco sighed.

“No, I think that it should be okay,” Harry nodded. “Do you want to make some pudding mixture for the extra rice?” he asked as she took over the chicken. He got the curry type solution into the pan after he had fried up the meet and then added the peppers in. 

“You don’t have any surprises in the milk, do you?” he sassed as he pulled the carton out of the fridge. He set it on the counter and got the other things he needed from the cupboard. 

“There, now it just needs to simmer. How’s this coming along?” Harry asked. He washed his hands and dumped the extra flour in the trash from the tupperware. 

“I think that it should be good,” Draco said. He dipped his finger into the milky mixture and then stuck it in his mouth. He grimaced and gagged as soon as the taste hit his tongue. “That tastes awful.”

“Maybe one of the ingredients went bad,” Harry said as he tasted it himself. He grimaced and clicked his tongue as the taste of milk, vanilla, and salt rushed over his tongue. “What the Hell?” he asked. He grabbed the recipe that Draco had been following and skimmed over it to see what could have gone wrong.

“I followed it exactly,” he grumbled.

“Draco, how much salt did you put in this?” he asked. He felt a sigh escape his lips as his lover told him that he had put in as much salt as he should have put in sugar. “Love, nothing’s wrong with the recipe or the ingredients. You just messed up the measurements.”

“I give up,” Draco hissed, nearly ripping the apron he was wearing off as he stormed to the living room. 

Harry sighed and got the mixture made correctly. He made sure that all of the dishes were being washed and their leftovers were put away. He mixed the deserts and left them in the fridge to chill as the rice always heated the milk and made it less than desirable.

“Are you still hungry?” he asked softly as he walked in.

“Not particularly. It probably tastes awful since I made it,” he seethed, turning away to glare at their wall of photos.

“You’re just inexperienced,” Harry shrugged. “I have a lot of confusing ingredients and I made a lot of the same mistakes as you when I was cooking as a kid,” Harry sat on the couch next to his lover and offered him a bowl of food.

“You did?” Draco asked. He hesitantly took the dinner and then spooned the mixture together so that everything was mixed up. 

“I once used cyan pepper instead of paprika when I was eight and my aunt had to go be presented at the party. No one was able to finish the deviled eggs,” he laughed.

Draco stayed silent as he ate. Slowly, he moved closer and closer to his lover on the couch. Harry tossed his legs over the blond’s lap and threw an arm around his shoulders to bring him closer. Draco placed his head on the other man’s chest and settled on eating in silence. Maybe he would try cooking again one day.



WARNINGS: Mentions of explicit scenarios

The eighth year students had no idea what to make out of the scene before them. For as long as they had all been attending the greatest wizarding school in Britain, the two men in front of them had been mortal enemies. There had been countless plots against each other, numerous fights, billions of new insults, and hundreds of attempts at getting the other expelled.

Despite all logical reason, Harry Potter, the Chosen One who had defeated Voldemort a dozen times, and Draco Malfoy, the man who had been coerced into being one of his most loyal followers since he was born, were cuddled together in one of the common room chairs.

“I told you that they would end up shagging,” Seamus smirked as he held his hand out to Dean.

“We don’t know if they shagged,” the other man retorted as he put a hand over his Hogsmeade spending money.

“Yeah, I mean, they could have just knocked each other out,” Ron said, the hope a bit too evident in his voice.

“Yeah, and just mysteriously fell into the same chair and started cuddling?” Terry laughed.

“Shut it, you massive prick,” Anthony said into his hands.

“What’s his problem?” Wayne asked as he took a step away from the two Raveclaws.

“Anthony is still mad that Terry cost us points by mouthing off at a teacher,” Lisa said. She and Padma Patil were the only two out of the three surviving Ravenclaw girls to return to Hogwarts for their eighth year redo. 

“That’s besides the point,” Hermione said, bringing them all back to the situation at hand.

“We could just wake them up and ask them,” Eloise suggested. She hadn’t quite been the same since Lavender had passed away, staying quiet and acting as a peacemaker. 

“I don’t think that’s nearly as much fun,” Seamus shook his head. 

“So if they aren’t together, then why are they in the chair together?” Millicent piped up. She and Draco had been the only ones that were allowed to come back to Hogwarts as the rest of the Slytherins had either died, been taken into hiding with their parents, so refused to repent for their actions. It was clear that she and Draco had both been forced into serving Voldemort and neither of them wanted to go down that kind of path of their own free will.

“It could have been like that time in fifth year when Seamus and Ginny wanted the same chair so they tried to sit on top of each other for an hour,” Neville suggested weakly.

“This is stupid, I have classes,” Anthony rolled his eyes and left to go back to his room and change.

“Wayne, you can’t be that mad,” Terry called after him with a sad desperation laced into his words.

The remaining ten or so students fell into a silence as Harry began to stir. He turned away from Draco and rubbed his eyes with one hand. His glasses had been pushed against his face in such a way that they left a mark on his cheek.

“I’m out,” Parvati shook her head and tugged Eloise after her as they quickly left. 

“What’s going on?” Harry yawned.

“We could ask you the same thing, mate,” Ron said.

“Did you two shag?” Seamus blurted.

“Seamus!” Hermione cried.

“Don’t be crude,” Lisa wrinkled her nose and Padma quickly left to go investigate what her sister was doing. 

“What?” Harry removed his glasses and cleaned them while squinting at the peers crowded around him.

“Come on, Harry. I have money on this and I want to be able to gloat over Dean,” Seamus complained. 

“I still don’t understand what’s going on,” Harry said as he put his glasses back on. He had obviously been up very late last night and wasn’t entirely awake. 

“Harry, shut the Hell up,” Draco mumbled. His long, skinny arms snaked their way around the Gryffindor’s waist and tugged him back into him.

“So you two are together?” Ron gasped, his eyes filling with confusion.

“Erm,” Harry flushed a bright red. He elbowed the blond in the side and got him to wake up. 

“What?” Draco snapped as his eyes flew open. 

“We’ve been found out, love,” he giggled nervously.

“What do you mean, we’ve been found- oh gods,” Draco rolled his eyes as he saw the crowd standing in front of him. “I’m not a circus act, piss off,” he snarled.

The blond’s bad morning attitude managed to scare the Hufflepuffs back upstairs with the excuse that they needed to get down to breakfast before classes began. The Ravenclaws weren’t in the mood for his sass and left to go to breakfast as well, leaving just the Gryffindors and Millicent.

“Well, Harry? I want my Galleons,” Seamus pressed.

“I’m not going to tell you if I’ve shagged my boyfriend or not so that you can win a bet,” the raven-haired boy shook his head and stood up. Draco did the same, glaring at all of the members of the crowd like they had each personally offended him.

“Why didn’t you tell us? We’re your best friend’s,” Ron hissed. He seemed to have come to grips with the fact that his best friend was dating a man they had once all hated, but the fact that he hadn’t been the second to know at least pissed him off.

“Well, we hadn’t planned on telling anyone. Things are still so unstable in the world and we don’t know if Draco will get sent to Azkaban with his parents for what they made him do,” Harry explained.

“That is a real possibility. I’ve heard a couple of the teachers saying that they were going to get my Muggle mother involved as well,” Millicent said sadly.

“And it was something that was just supposed to be between the two of us for now. Relationships are generally fragile in their first stages,” Draco’s nimble fingers reached forward and looped around Harry’s. “Unless, of course, you’ve been trying not to snog each other senseless since you were fourteen,” he shot a look at Hermione and Ron.

“I want my money, Dean,” Seamus said.

“No. You don’t know if you won the bet yet and Harry’s right, that is kind of sensitive information. Come on, Millicent, Neville, we’re going to breakfast,” Dean announced.

“I don’t have to listen to you,” the Slytherin girl narrowed her eyes at the much-taller teenager but followed the little ground anyway.

“I want you to know that I support you, Harry. I want you to be happy,” Hermione smiled.

“I’m happy if you’re not dating my sister since that makes things a lot less awkward,” Ron said as he came down from the anger. 

“Thanks, mate,” Harry smiled.

“I’m going to go change, seeing as I slept in these robes,” Draco gave them a timid smile and then rushed to his room.

“I should probably go change too. See you at breakfast?” Harry asked.

“Of course,” Hermione waved after their friend and she threaded her fingers through Ron’s and led him to the entrance of the common room.




Draco’s blood boiled as he stomped through the barely dewy grass. The sun was beginning to peak over the mountains and shine little rainbows against the small green blades thanks to the water, and he was more than happy to trample that small bit of happiness out of the world as well. 

The words that his supposed friends had said were still ringing around in his head as he tried to get down to the edge of the woods. He needed to blow off some steam if he was going to be expected to be civil with them for a moment longer than absolutely necessary. 

As the blond reached the edge of the Forbidden Forest, he paused and squared his shoulders. He reached into his pocket, removing the wand from the depths of the rooms. He gripped it tightly as he walked further through the crowded trees and mossy ground. He stepped into the small clearing a fourth of a mile into the forest that he always went to when he needed an escape. 

He grasped the wand in his hand and turned to the side, shouting a curse. It sputtered out of his wand, wrapping around the subject of the spell. Draco turned to speak another couple of spells after his anger was beginning to fade, but was stopped by a too familiar face.

“No wonder the trees here are so scared,” Harry snorted. He was sitting cross-legged on a checkered blanket with a large guitar resting on his lap. 

“I always knew that you were that kind of bloke, Potter,” Draco sneered.

“What kind of bloke? The type of bloke that takes his anger out on trees?” Harry sniped back. 

“I’m not damaging nature and I always repair any lasting damage that might be done. I’d be a complete fool if I thought that the forest itself or any of the creatures that live in it would let me get away with hurting a part of it,” Draco drawled. “I meant that you’re the type of bloke that’s so smug and cocky just because you can play a stupid instrumenet.”

“I thought that was an American stereotype,” Harry replied thoughtfully. “Douchebag with a guitar also doesn’t seem to be something that you find often in Wizard society.”

“You’d be surprised,” the blond rolled his eyes. “A lot of blokes like you think that you’re the most desirable thing in the world just because they can play an instrument.”

“I don’t think that I’m the most desirable thing in the world because I play the guitar,” Harry deadpanned.

“No, I suppose that you think you are because you’re the Chosen One,” he mused with another smeer.

“I don’t think that I’m desirable whatsoever, Malfoy,” Harry glared at the blond. 

“Well, you certainly act like it.”

“At least I don’t act like I’m better than everyone else just because I got sorted into the house with people that don’t try to make me think outside of my own tiny worldview,” Harry mumbled. He moved his fingers around a bit on the guitar and he strummed a simple cord.

“You do realize that people are sorted into houses based on how they think and act, thus everyone is surrounded by people that have similar if not the same world views,” Draco blinked a few times at the other student.

“Maybe it would do us both some good to be around people from other houses, then,” Harry looked up at him shyly.

“What is that supposed to mean?” the blond took a semi-frightened step back. He had been trying to bury the feelings he had for the other teenager for almost as long as he could remember since his parents would never accept his interest in another man, especially if said man was from another house and a mixed magical family. 

Harry stood up and slung his guitar around his back. He grabbed the blanket from below him and began to fold it up. When he had finished, he draped the blanket over his arm and looked right at Draco, “It’s supposed to mean that you should meet me at the Three Broomsticks tomorrow and you can learn just what kind of bloke I am. And maybe we can talk about our worldviews and what’s bothering you so much. Have fun hurting nature!” Harry waved a hand behind him as he took the trail that Draco had just been on and disappeared from view.

The blond turned around, in a fit of anger, tossing several curses and jinxes at the trees around him. The emotions that he had tried so hard to stamp out through cruel words and selfish impulses were returning full force. He was going to have to meet Potter and take him up on his offer, there was no question about it.



WARNINGS: A/B/O dynamics, mpreg, pregnancy, and mentioned birth


Harry ran his finger over the small beads of moisture forming on the outside of the glass. It was summer, so the weather was slowly getting hotter and hotter. His heart hung low in his stomach with the nerves dancing through him about what he was going to do. The spring had passed, which meant another failed pregnancy attempt for him and his mate. 

He glanced up as he heard the voice of his best friend, “Hey Harry!”

“Ron, you made it!” he grinned, standing up. He wrapped his arms around the other omega, when they separated he motioned to the chair across from him and sat back down. 

“Of course I did. Sorry about being late, Hugo decided that this morning was going to be the perfect time to through a fit,” he rolled his eyes slightly.

“He thinks that every second of every day is the perfect time to through a fit,” Harry chuckled lightly.

“He’s just at that age. What did you want to talk to me about?” Ron asked. He stole one of the cookies from Harry’s plate and bit the edge off.

“Well, it does kind of have to do with your kids,” he sighed, gripping the cup a bit tighter.

“Oh?” Ron asked, his eyes narrowing with maternal protectiveness.

“I know that you can carry a pregnancy to term, seeing as you’ve done it almost six times now. I, erm, found out that I will never be able to do that. We got it checked out at a Muggle hospital as well. Apparently some of the damage that I sustained during the Battle of Hogwarts means that I will never be able to carry a child to term,” he explained.

“Oh, Harry,” Ron reached across the table and grabbed his friend’s hand to comfort him. “Have you and Draco thought about adopting?”

“We did, but we decided that we really wanted a baby of our own. That’s, um, where you come in,” Harry couldn’t look up from the steaming tea in front of him. 

“What do you mean?” Ron asked, obviously confused.

“Draco and I have been looking into surrogates. Apparently there’s a new spell that can make an embryo from the mother and father with some of their DNA. We just need someone to carry the baby to term,” he said with a shy look.

“How do I- oh,” the gears suddenly clicked in his mind and he nodded with understanding. “You want me to carry your baby, really?”

“Yes, please,” Harry murmured as he reached across the table and squeezed his best friend’s arm again. “I trust you. I’ve seen you when you’re pregnant and you’re always so careful not to overdo it and protect the kids. I know that he wouldn’t be your baby, but I know that you would do the same if you were carrying someone else’s child.”

“Wouldn’t you be worried about feraling? I don’t want to do anything if it risks my own children Harry, I’m sorry,” Ron winced.

“No, apparently the process creates a child from a mated mother and father, and the surrogate has a normal pregnancy with all of the hormones and instincts basically placed on a lower setting. There would be almost no risk of feraling,” Harry grinned.

“What would cause feraling with that, then?” Ron furrowed his eyebrows together in thought.

“A miscarriage, either on purpose or accidental,” Harry explained.

“I’ll do it!” Ron exclaimed after a moment of thinking.

The other omega gasped, his eyes lighting up with excitement. “Really? You really mean that?”

“I mean, I’ll have to talk to Blaize to make sure that he’s okay with me carry your child, but of course I will,” Ron nodded eagerly.

Harry stood up and made his way around the table in a moment, wrapping his arms tightly around the redhead. “You’re the best mate in the whole world.”

It was a few months since the omegas had had that conversation. All of the parties had agreed to the process and had gone through it. The spell had taken less than an hour and only two wizards to finish it. They took the DNA from Harry and Draco, creating the embryo before they implanted it in Ron. Since the spell was still new, it took them a couple weeks to find out if it had actually taken.

Ron was now sitting in the living room of his best friend and mate, waiting for them to begin the charm.

“What are we going to do if it comes back negative?” Harry asked, turning his wand over and over again in his hand. 

“We’re going to try again, or we’ll find another way. We could always do it the muggle way that Hermione suggested,” Draco replied. He touched his mate’s cheek to sooth him, giving the omega a tender smile.

Harry nodded, taking a deep breath to fully calm down. “You ready, Ron?” 

“More than ready. Let’s find out if you two are going to be parents in the next forty weeks,” the redhead nodded. 

He laid back on the couch, pulling his shirt up to expose his flat stomach to the others. Harry waved his wand over the other omega’s stomach and mumbled the words that he had said so many times when trying to determine his own pregnancy status.  When the charm was fully cast, he reached over to his lover and wove their fingers together.

They watched with bated breath as the flesh of the redheaded omega’s stomach slowly began to glow and then a pink mist puffed out into the air.

“Merlin!” Harry beamed brightly. He turned to his lover and threw his arms around the alpha’s neck. “We’re going to be parents, Draco. This is finally happening!”

“I thought for a moment it wasn’t going to have worked,” Draco whispered into his mate’s neck. “I was so used to black smoke.”

“You guys are going to have an omega!” Ron cheered as he tugged the shirt back over his stomach. 

“I know, I know,” Harry let go of his mate and then hugged his best friend tightly. “Thank you so much for doing this for us. You have no idea how much it means.”

“I think I do, mate. If Blaize and I had difficulty with kids we would probably be just as happy as the two of you when we found out we were going to be parents,” Ron grinned. He sat up and his shirt slipped back over his stomach. 

As time passed, Ron slowly began to grow. Other than that and the occasional weak craving, the redheaded omega wouldn’t have shown any other signs of being pregnant. He didn’t have morning sickness or cravings. His body was swollen and aching in places due to the added weight, but not nearly as bad as when he had carried his own children. 

Harry and Draco threw themselves into preparation for the baby. They cleared out one of the spare bedrooms and painted it a pleasant green color. There were flower decals scattered around the shelves that they set up above the changing table for miscellaneous objects that weren’t diapers. They got a crib ready with more stuffed animals and blankets than any one child would use in a lifetime. 

Ron visited them often with his hoard of children, who were more than happy to spend time with their favorite uncles. Harry and Ron grew closer and closer as their friendship bonded over the pregnancy and the impending arrival of the baby. Whenever the redhead was over after the six month had begun, Harry couldn’t keep his hands off of the bump. He adored getting to feel his baby kicking and had the impulses that Ron might have had if the child was his. 

Now, Harry and Draco were waiting impatiently to meet their child. The omega clung to his alpha like his life depended on it, worrying about every little thing that could go wrong.

“I don’t know what you’re so worried about. Ron has done this six times before and there has never been an issue,” Draco sighed. His hand moved to pet the unruly locks of his lover.

“Yes, but that was with his own children. Who knows what could happen now that he’s giving birth to a baby that’s not his,” Harry mumbled.

“Harry,” Draco said. He turned the other man’s face to look into his eyes. “We have come this far, and our child is within reach. We can’t believe that anything bad will happen to him now.”

“Okay,” Harry nodded slowly. 

Neither of them had to wait much longer as the nurse walked out from the delivery room. She had a small bundle of white blankets in her arms, with a tiny baby tucked within them. 

The omega stood and gasped as every omega and motherly instinct that his body had took over him. As soon as the nurse placed his baby into his arms, he was purring loud enough to bring the building down. His scent poured out of him and wrapped around the baby. Tears welled in his eyes as he pushed back the blanket to expose the cherubic cheeks of his little omega son. 

The blond alpha rose slowly from his chair. He moved almost trance-like to behind his mate. He placed a hand on the small of Harry’s back while looking over his husband’s shoulder to the tiny face of their son. “Harry, he’s perfect,” Draco murmured. 

“I know,” he whispered. The baby woke up and wiggled in the wrappings that surrounded him. Big, blue eyes opened and blinked at his parents a few times.

“Hi sweetie,” Harry whispered, rubbing the side of his thumb over the downy hair of his baby. “I’m your mommy. It’s so nice to finally be able to meet you.” Draco reached over the shoulder of his lover, letting the baby wrap one of his small  hands around his thumb. 

“What are you going to name him?” the nurse asked politely.

The two new parents looked at each, having a silent debate for a moment. They had been fighting about what they were going to name their child for almost as long as they knew that he was going to come into their lives. Harry desperately wanted to name his child after one or both of his parents or some of the other people that had meant a lot to him in life. Draco argued that naming a child after a previously living person just creatures unrealistic expectations that they had to live up to. The alpha wanted to keep up the tradition of his family and name his firstborn after one of the constellations in the sky.

“Scorpius Lily Malfoy-Potter,” Harry said finally as he turned back to the nurse.

“Got it,” she chirped, writing the name down on the birth certificate. “The surrogate is pumping, for when he wants some food.”

“Thank you. Can we go and see him?” Harry asked. She nodded, and soon the little family was carrying down the hallway to find him. Draco pressed the door to the little recovery room open, holding it for his omega.

Ron was propped up on the bed with Blaize sitting next to him. The omega looked exhausted, but still awake and happy. He had a spell drawing the milk from his tits to the bottle that would allow it to get to Scorpius. “How do you feel?” he asked Harry instead.

“Like I’m on top of the world. I’m a mother now. I get to have a baby,” he beamed, sitting down on one of the chairs next to Ron’s bed.

“That’s how it feels, every time you get to hold the little one in your arms for the first time,” the redhead nodded.

“How are you doing? You seemed to be in labor forever,” Harry whispered.

“They have to break my water and speed it up every time. I don’t know why they don’t listen to me and just break it in the first place,” Ron rolled his eyes. 

Scorpius began to fuss, and the conversation stopped for a moment. Ron finished pumping enough for one bottle and handed it to the new mother. Harry rearranged the baby for a moment before he managed to situate Scorpius in such a way that he could also hold the bottle. The newborn latched on and began to eat eagerly. “Thank you for doing this for us,” Harry said. 

“Of course I did this for you,” Ron beamed. “And I would do it again, because you’re my best mate in the whole world.”



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, breath play, and BDSM

It started with gentle kisses down his neck, making sure to add several extra nips and bites on his Adam’s apple. He could feel the stubble from the other man rubbing up against his own, causing a bit of burn. He was sure that there were already a half dozen marks coating his skin, but there would definitely be more before their session ended. 

Sirius was on top of him and James was sitting next to them patiently, as was the pattern that they often fell into. James had his hands running up and down the other man’s chest as he watched Sirius’ mouth with a fascination. The aforementioned Gryffindor had his cock pressed against Severus leg’s reminding him just how big his lover was. The Slytherin could feel his pants tightening as his cock hardened. 

“Look at him, he’s already so eager for us,” James smirked as he looked at the other’s member.

“He always is,” Sirius murmured. He caught a bit of the skin underneath Severus’ earlobe in between his teeth. He worried it for a moment to leave a mark before he released it. 

James pulled away from where his hands had been ghosting all over his lover’s body. He stripped off the shirt and jumper he had adorned earlier that day, leaving his chest bare. Sirius worked on getting Severus stripped as James removed his pants and boxers.

When the three of them were completely naked, James moved the smaller of the three against the wall. He sat next to Severus, pressing his hand over his lover’s neck. He made sure to keep his fingers exactly where they should be and focused on allowing him a small amount of air every now and again.

Sirius grasped his hand, using it to clean their lover out. He grabbed the lube from beside them. He spread it over his fingers, making sure they were well-coated. He slipped his entire middle finger into the Slytherin in one go before he stopped and let Severus adjust.

“Please,” the dark-haired man croaked as James let him get a little bit of air.

“Look at you,” Sirius murmured. His finger dragged against Severus’ prostate each and every time that he brought it out of the smaller man. “You’re going to have bruises that look just like his hands, and everyone will know that we own you.”

“Please,” Severus tried to nod, but he was stopped by the hand around his throat. 

Sirius continued the brutal pace with his finger, slowly stopping the pleasure as he had a mission. When he was sure that his lover was stretched enough he added the second finger. He kept up the pace with the added stretch, though he separated them a little bit more each time he brought his hand away from his lover.

When he had finally stretched Severus to a healthy width, he removed his hand and magicked it clean. “You want me to fuck you? Fuck you while you’re being choked so that you know that we own you. We control even your breathing,” Sirius murmured. He spread the lube quickly over his cock and then slipped easily into the body below him. 

James released his hand from Severus for a moment so that he could recover from the short session and answer their boyfriend. “Yes, I like knowing who owns me,” Severus’ eyes fell shut as pleasure filled him with the entrance of Sirius’ cock.

“That’s it, no more talking,” James cooed as his hand slipped back over the man’s neck. His own cock was rock hard just by the feeling of the other man’s Adam’s apple against his hand. He adored the feeling of stubble against his thumb and forefinger, and the little gasps that his lover took whenever his grip loosened a small bit. He adored knowing that he was fully in control of the other, that Severus trusted him enough to let him be in that much control over his life.

Sirius was slowly pulling out of Severus and then slamming back into him. The Slytherin’s eyes would close to pleasure each time he was slammed into. The Gryffindor above him made sure to aim his cock into the other’s prostate with each chance that he got.

Every so often, James would remove his hand and let Severus catch his breath and moan loudly. Sirius grabbed their boyfriend’s hips and held them as tightly as he could while he began to pound into him. James had just put his hand back where it belonged by the time that Sirius was emptying himself into the man beneath him.

“You didn’t even get him to cum, Sirius,” James tutted weakly. 

“I’ll leave that for you to do,” Sirius pulled out slowly, dragging some of the cum that he had painted the other man’s walls with.

“Please, I need to cum,” Severus whispered as James slowly released his throat from the hold.

“You’ll cum, but we’re not done playing with your breath,” James tutted with a smirk.

Sirius slipped off of the bed and disappeared into the bathroom to get things ready for the impending aftercare. 

James focused on their lover, who was spread out in front of him. He grasped the smaller wizard’s jaw and tugged him down in front of his cock. The Gryffindor squeezed his cheeks to get his mouth open and then placed the head of his cock on the Slytherin’s tongue. Severus immediately understood what was happening and opened his mouth entirely.

James fucked in so that his cock was all the way inside of his lover’s mouth. He brought it out and then thrust back in. He was careful of where he aimed and how deep he allowed his cock to go. Every so often he would gag his lover or cut off his air supply, but never long enough to hurt him. 

Sirius returned and leaned over their lover, stroking his cock slowly. Severus let out a little moan as his member twitched, shooting cum down onto the sheets below him. James let out a louder moan, shooting his load deep down Severus’ throat. 

Severus swallowed all of the cum that he could, though some of it dribbled out of his mouth and onto the ruined sheets when his lover removed his member. The Slytherin remained weak in Sirius’ arms as he was carted away for aftercare.



WARNINGS:Sexually explicit scenarios, voyeurism, public-sex, and consensual infidelity

Petunia lifted the spread of cookies and teacups from the counter in the kitchen. She brought them into the parlor gracefully, setting them down. She let out a small squeak as James’ hands immediately found her hips and tugged her down onto his lap. She was well aware of what the scene of today was going to be, but that didn’t stop her from muttering, “This is improper.”

“You can’t tell me that you don’t like it,” he murmured. His hand wrapped around her hips and brought her up further on his lap. He moved one of his hands down to cup her vulva just for a split second. 

“So how did the two of you meet?” one of the participants, a crowd of women that all had voyeurism kinks, asked. She had a broad brimmed yellow hat and was sitting very tall.

“He’s my sister’s husband, so I met him when Lily brought him home from school one summer,” Petunia said. 

“How scandalous. Does she know that he does things like that with you?” another one of the women asked. This one was wearing a lovely pink dress that barely went past mid-thigh.

James was moving the hand back down to cup her vulva through her pretty green dress. Her cheeks turned a bright shade of pink as she had to work through the embarrassment and pleasure to answer. “She does, yes. She’s fine with it. We share him, like we share everything.”

“It’s so nice to know that you have a good relationship with your sister,” one of the women smiled. She was wearing the same shade of pink as the last, but her dress went all the way down to her ankles.

Petunia offered her a small smile as James moved his hands down to her thighs. He gripped at them for a moment before his hands dipped underneath her skirt. The hem of the dress rose and rose with his hand as he moved his digits closer to her cunt. He moved her soaked panties to the side, slipping a finger into her.

“Oh dear,” she bit back a moan at the small amount of pleasure that gave her already. Her cunt ached with desperate want. She needed him to do something, or else she might explode. 

“You said that you have a husband, didn’t you?” another one of the women, one that hadn’t spoken yet asked as she sipped her tea. This one was wearing sky blue and a pair of American jeans.

“Yes, I do. He doesn’t please me like my sister’s husband. I allowed her to marry him and in turn she allows me to use him whenever I wish,” Petunia smiled wolfishly.

James wasn’t moving his hand in the slightest, just allowing it to sit deep inside of her. She rolled her hips and found that he had anticipated this. His middle finger was buried deep inside of her, and he had positioned his thumb just in front of her clitoral hood so that he could pleasure her when she bucked forward. 

“What a wonderful relationship, I completely agree. Does he get to see the way that your gentlemen here pleasures you?” another one of the women asked. It was like they were all letting the others have a chance to speak before they spoke again themselves. She was the last one and wearing a large emerald cape. 

“He only ever gets to watch when he’s been good,” Petunia replied. She didn’t want to think of her ugly, unsatisfying husband at the moment. All she wanted to think about was James’ finger as he slowly pulled it from her. 

The man she was sitting on top of made sure to drag the digit against her back wall, which was the most sensitive. He leaned forward, placing his chin on her shoulder. He leaned his head up and caught her earlobe in between his teeth for a split second. “Already so wet for me, Petunia. Makes me want to bend you over the coffee table and fuck you,” James murmured to her.

“Why don’t you?” she snarked back.

Before she really understood what was happening, James had both of his arms wrapped tightly around her waist. He lurched her forward and put her top half on the table so that her legs and hips were in the air. 

The women all gasped and began to whisper to each other. 

James held her hips tightly in his hands. He moved one of his hands down so that he was pressing his palm to her belly button, which is what was keeping her supported. He moved the other hand back down to her thighs. He rubbed the silky material of her dress against her legs for a moment before he slowly pulled it up and over her ass. The skirt slid forward and pooled against the edges of her shoulder blades.

“Just as I thought. I could tell how soaking wet you were for me without even looking,” James smirked. He grasped her ass with his spare hand, squeezing it roughly. He then quickly tugged his cock out of his pants.

“He’s just as big as you said!” the woman in the emerald cloak gasped. All of the women were now staring at them like they were the main event, which Petunia supposed they were.

She placed her hands on the table in front of her. She flipped some of her lengthy blond hair behind her so that she could really see what was going on around her. They were all gawking and gasping at the two of them. Soon Petunia’s expression matched them as James moved her panties aside and pressed his head to her entrance.

“Once you’re in her you’ll pull her up so we can all get a good look, won’t you?” the woman in the gaudy hat asked.

“Of course,” James thrust his hips fully into her, sinking his cock deep into her depths. Petunia let out a strangled moan and nearly collapsed down onto the table in front of her. 

As soon as he was inside of her, the man wrapped his arms around her hips and brought her upward again. He sat down on the chair behind them and spread her legs. One hand held her chest underneath her sizable bosom and the other lifted up the skirt of her dress so that the women could all see his cock deep inside of her.

“Now if only I could do a little spell to let them see how deep I really am inside of you,” James whispered quiet enough that no one else could hear. Petunia let out a small moan, leaning back on her lover so that his chest was flush against her back.

“Hold this,” James said, louder. He bundled her dress up and forced it into her hand. She did as she was told and clenched the folds of her dress close to her breasts so that James could use both of his hands. He held her hips tightly, raising her up a few inches before letting her drop back down. He repeated the process again and again, hitting a different part of her each time he did it as he searched for her pleasure point.

The women around the room were beginning to palm themselves over their dresses. The woman in jeans had her hand down her pants and was obviously fingering herself, based on the loud squelches emitting from her each time she moved her hand. A few of them had their other hands on their breasts, massaging the soft tissue to pleasure themselves that way as well. None of them were receiving as much pleasure as Petunia, however.

James had managed to get his cock pointed right at her cervix, so the tip of his cock breached the tight opening each time he dropped her down. His hands were holding her hips tighter and tighter as he neared his orgasm. Petunia tightened around him, feeling the coil grow in her gut and cunt, warning her. 

“I’m going to cum,” she squeaked out. Each of her muscles tightened in anticipation and her eyes squeezed tightly shut. Her thighs gripped James’ for a moment before the coil sprung loose. Pleasure ran throughout her every being and she fell back on him as her cunt began to milk his cock of all the cum.

He had thrust up into her especially hard when he reached his own orgasm after she reached hers. His cock emptied all of the cum into her cervical opening, painting her cunt white.

“That was a very impressive show,” the woman with the jeans smiled. She grabbed one of the napkins from the tea set and cleaned her fingers off. The voyeuristic crowd had already finished themselves, and were beginning to finish tea and biscuits.

Petunia pulled herself off of James and slipped her panties back into place. She then brushed her dress back to where it was supposed to be. She grasped her phone, checking that the video had been running before she sent it to her husband.

A small smirk formed on her face as images of the prune’s sputtering face flashed through her mind. She did love Vernon, but he never could pleasure her the way that she liked.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, polyamory, older woman/younger man, and older man/younger man

The children had all cleared out of their home for nearly six months when someone knocked at the door suddenly.  Molly and Arthur were sitting next to the cozy fire with tea and their favorite books, cuddling close to each other. They had already finished the dishes and the rest of the chores, so they were just waiting until it got late enough for them to go to bed.

“I’ll get that,” Arthur said. He kissed his wife’s cheek as he stood from the couch and walked to the door. “Can I help you?”

“Are you Mr. and Mrs. Weasley?” a calm, collected voice asked from the doorway. Standing there was a man that looked remarkably like Draco Malfoy, but he seemed to be less put together and more haggard.

“Yes, and who are you?” Arthur asked, glancing behind him to see that his wife was standing from the couch. 

“I’m Draco Malfoy. I know I don’t look like myself, but I don’t exactly have the amenities that I have grown accustomed to. May I come in?” he asked politely.

“Why would we let you in after everything that you have done to our family?” Molly demanded, her hands firmly on her hips.

“My parents forced me to do a lot of things that I didn’t want to. I admit that I was arrogant, cruel, and misguided. I just want to be able to repent for my sins,” he replied, bowing his head.

“I suppose that we could be telling the truth,” Molly murmured to her husband. “Yes alright, let him in Arthur,” the old witch quickly busied herself in the kitchen with making another cup of tea.

Arthur moved aside so that the blond could walk into their small home. “If you make one wrong move then you are going to be thrown out of this house with half a dozen curses on your hair alone,” the man warned. He stalked back to the couch and sat down with a gruff noise.

Draco turned his head around so that he could take in everything around him. He smiled slightly as he saw all the pictures and personal touches that lined the walls and the furniture. In his home, the only personal touches that were allowed were the portraits of the famous Malfoys that had owned the manor before them. 

Molly bustled over to him, handing him a steaming mug of Earl grey tea. She grasped her arm as tight as a mother trying to keep her toddler from running into the street as she steered him to the couch. She sat down next to her husband after gently pushing him to sit down in a well-worn armchair.“Now, if you really want us to believe that you’re here to make up for your past deeds you better tell us the whole story,” the witch took a sip of her tea and stared at him expectantly.

“Ah,” the blond nodded. He swallowed harshly, staring down at the swirling tea leaves in his mug. He took a moment to collect his thoughts before he began, “When I was very young, my parents began to tell me the difference between right and wrong. I found out later in life when I went to Hogwarts that they were telling me backwards. They told me how I should treat people that were supposedly below me, and the kinds of horrible things that they thought were acceptable. I realized that what they wanted me to do was wrong when I was in my fifth year, and they made sure that I wouldn’t be able to rebel against them by using their power over the Crabbe and Goyle families to make the sons control me. 

“I was pressured into having the Dark Mark placed on my skin and into trying to kill Dumbledore. I started to fight back in small ways that they couldn’t really blame on me when the war started. I conveniently ‘forgot’ to tell Death eaters when I had seen students in the woods, out of bed, or working against them,” he took a ragged breath as he remembered some of the things that had been done to him when they found out. “The biggest was letting your son and Harry Potter go after they got captured and brought to my manor.”

Arthur sneered and turned to the side in disbelief. “If you think that some sob story is going to make up for everything that you’ve done,” he tutted again.

“Arthur,” Molly scolded, hitting his leg with a small glare. “It was his family. You should know more than anyone that you are not your family.”

“No, you’re right. A simple apology and explanation isn’t enough to make up for what I’ve done. I could have fought against my parents harder and I didn’t. If I still had access to the Malfoy fortune I would be willing to try and pay to compensate, but part of my agreement with the Ministry is that I will have no contact with my family, which unfortunately includes money,” Draco rambled.

“Then how are you going to make it up to us?” Molly asked, quirking an eyebrow.

“Sexually. If you’ll allow me,” Draco explained. In old wizarding families, there was a tradition of sexual favors done to the offended family to make up for any wrongdoings. No one had practiced it for many years, but Draco knew of it and he had no idea what else to do.

The couple looked at each other and then back to the young blond. They seemed to be having a silent conversation before Arthur spoke up, “I suppose that will do, yes.”

Draco slid out of the chair and onto his knees. He placed the mug of tea carefully onto the coffee table. He walked on his knees over to the other man, bringing his fingers to the buttons on Arthur’s sleep pants. He undid them easily and freed the cock within. 

The young wizard reached forward and wrapped his nimble fingers around the member that was already half-hard. He stroked up a few times, causing the blood to flush through the member and got it to harden. He only stroked a few times before he brought the head into his mouth. He swirled his tongue around it a few times before he licked into the slit, tasting the small big of precum leaking from the cock already. 

“Been such a long time since I’ve had this done,” Arthur moaned. 

Draco responded by taking the cock all the way into his mouth. Luckily, the redheaded wizard wasn’t large enough to hit the back of his throat. He swallowed and sucked around it. He swirled his tongue around the whole shaft as he pulled his head back and then pushed back down. 

Arthur’s hands wove through his short cropped white locks, pulling them up and then thrusting up into his mouth. He let out a long moan and thrust his cock all the way into Draco’s mouth as his member twitched and sent out long stripes of hot, white cum.

Draco resisted the urge to gag as he swallowed it, having nothing else to do. He pulled back and accepted the handkerchief that Molly offered him. “I won’t ask you to eat me out, love. These folds aren’t what they used to be before seven children,” she chuckled.

“Perhaps he can just fuck you instead. I haven’t had someone else pound into you while I fucked them before,” Arthur said smugly.

Draco stood from the floor and removed his robes. He had just shed his boxers when Arthur tapped his lower back and said two spells, cleaning him out and preparing him. Molly stood from the couch as well, removed her nightgown and panties, letting them drop to the floor. She laid down on the couch, spreading her legs expectantly.

The blond moved in between her legs, stroking himself to hardness as he did so. He pressed into her easily, making sure that his cock filled her all the way. He waited with bated breath as Arthur moved behind him, standing on the other side of the arm of the couch. The old wizard grasped his hips with one hand and his cock with the other. He pressed his head into Draco and then thrust in to get his entire member inside of him.

“I missed seeing you like this, dear. Inside someone else,” Molly winked at her husband over the blond’s shoulder. Draco was kneeling in between her legs with his hands on either side of her chest to brace himself. 

He didn’t even have to move as whenever Arthur pulled out of him, it moved his hips back enough to pull out of Molly. When the redhead would thrust into his ass, it would make his own cock thrust into the other man’s wife. 

Both sides of the married couple were moaning with each thrust, though Draco was as quiet as he always was during sex. He moved his hips back and forth to pleasure both of them at the same time as well as he could. He let a small moan bubble up from his chest as he felt the other man’s small cock hit his prostate a few times. 

“I think you’re large enough to hit my cervix, dear,” Molly whispered as she bucked her hips upward.

“He is a bit longer than I am, which is perfect for my wife,” Arthur replied. His grip tightened on Draco’s hips as he got closer to his orgasm. He began to pull out and thrust into him faster, which caused the younger wizard to do the same to his wife.

“Are you going to cum soon, Arthur? I don’t think that I can resist it for much longer,” Molly moaned. Her cunt throbbed and tightened around the massive member inside of her. 

“Cum, my dear,” he replied. His thrusts stuttered to a stop as he cummed for the second time inside of their guest.

Draco, against all beliefs he had about himself, thrust further into him and orgasmed harder than he had in a long time. The feeling of being filled so fully with cum made him tap into some unknown pleasurably part in his mind. It certainly didn’t help that he had a cunt squeezing around his cock, milking the cum from him.

Arthur pulled out and cleaned him up, undoing the preparation charm in the process. Draco pulled out slowly and grabbed the same handkerchief from before, using it to clean off his member. Molly sat up slowly, out of breath and flushed. “Arthur and I are going to have a shower. Feel free to stay in the guest room until morning, it’s the first door in the hallway.”

Draco nodded, and stayed silent. As soon as they were gone, he cleaned himself off with magic and then put his clothes back on. He didn’t stay, as he had more sins to repent for that night.



PROMPT CONTINUED: Where once inside [n a spectacularly and specially asked for romantic setting Cormac proceeds to show Harry just how much he loves him and and loves being a sexy submissive omega to her dominant alpha lover and be a hot sexy pretty girl for her daddy. Ably assisted by tools provided by ROR he has Harry seductively strip and having once again assessed and ogled his beauty, seduces, persuades and moulded, fucked Harry into being his sexily feminised cross dressing sissy bitch, who is the now the avatar of feminine beauty and love, called Helene with a double DD rack, curves, functioning pussy and the works and a shrunken down to one inch clit cocklette and balls, tailored to his exact desires and specifications. Who does as her alpha and daddy commands and eagerly willingly pleases him with both her mouth and boi pussy, whenever he wishes and desires, whenever they are alone. Plus as the Keeper for gryfinndor and newly appointed co captain, who has regular private meetings with his captain to supposedly discuss strategy, but allow for Cormac to fuck his sexy feminised cross dressing sissy bitch in ROR on a regular basis in which the first meeting in which Helene dress up as a seductively hot cheerleader outfit seduces him first and then after having their fun, drinks a fertility potion and comes back erotically dressed as a hot princess Jasmine lingerie begs him to knock her up and make her his forever. Which he eagerly and naturally does and knocks her up with triplets into the bargain.

WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, A/B/O dynamics, impregnation, feminization, and BDSM elements


Harry made sure to stay after the first practice session had finished when he saw who was glowering at his team in the stands. He lied to his teammates and told them that he was going to plan their strategy for the next Quidditch game, but he was really waiting for that certain someone to come and find him.

And find him he did. 

Cormac burst through the doors into the small room that the Gryffindor Quidditch captain was allowed to use for when he needed to strategize or talk with certain members of the team. He stormed to the front of the desk and slammed his hands down on the table. He was able to several lines of an obviously thought-out rant out before he stopped, “I saw the way that your new keeper is handling the position, and I can assure you with the utmost certainty that your Granger friend helped him get his place on the team. He wouldn’t have been able to get there without her screwing with my tryout and since we were the only two trying out for the team, and she’s currently trying to get him to realize that she wants to shove her tongue down… down his…” 

Normally, Harry made sure to wear as much of his uniform as he could so that people wouldn’t see him like this. He wore his robes, the vest, the shirt, and the tie. The robe hid everything, but when it got too hot for that the straight shirt and vest hid his hips. The tie drew attention away from the rack that he was supporting as well. Even when he was practicing Quidditch or playing one of the games he found ways to hide the femininity of his body so that people would still respect him as their captain. 

However, he was currently wearing just the barest parts of his Quidditch uniform. The dark maroon denim pants clung to his hips and ass, drawing the attention down to the way that they clung to his thighs as well. He had the scarlet robes discarded on the chair behind him at the desk, leaving him in only the thin shirt they were supposed to wear underneath the larger, heavier jumper. The thin white t-shirt clung to his hips where the pants did not and stretched over his breasts. The fabric was thin enough that the lacey bra he had chosen that day showed though.

“I was hoping that you would be coming here to discuss more than just Quidditch,” Harry sighed. He had seen the way that the alpha over on a broomstick, and he carried the grace with him on the ground. He loved the stereotypical muscular alpha build that the man carried without overdoing it. He had also taken to watching Cormac during their classes, which only added to the list of things that the omega liked about him.

“How long have you looked like this?” the alpha asked stupidly instead.

Harry sighed and felt his shoulders sag with exasperation. “I’ve always looked like this, I’m just good at hiding it.”

“Why would you ever want to hide this magnificence?” Cormac questioned. He was already walking around the desk and his eyes never once left Harry.

“People tend to not respect omegas, and even less if they’re feminine. I’m lucky enough that I can use male pronouns, but I don’t want to risk looking too feminine and losing my position as the Quidditch captain,” he replied easily. He stood up from the chair and let his eyes rake over Cormac as well. 

“If I was your alpha I would make sure that everyone respected you and you got everything you wanted,” he replied immediately when Harry had finished. 

The omega smirked a small bit, “is that your way of asking me to court you?” He moved a bit closer to the alpha. He could feel Cormac’s breath against his face as he looked up into the handsome face of his crush. 

“Perhaps,” he whispered. 

Before either of them really knew what was going on, their lips were on top of each other. Cormac sat back on the desk, pulling Harry onto his lap as he devoured his mouth. His hands squeezed the huge ass that the omega hid beneath his hands, using the excuse of holding him up to keep his hands there.

Harry moved his own hand down the alpha’s chest, feeling the pecs and then the abs that caressed his stomach. He moaned slightly and he finally reached the other teenager’s pants. Cormac was larger than Harry could have believed, with his cock reaching about seven or eight inches when half-flaccid.

“Like what you feel, omega?” Cormac asked with a smirk.

“I could ask you the same thing,” Harry moaned in reply. “But the answer is yes, I love what I feel. And I want it inside of me.”

“As you wish,” Cormac whispered. He flipped them over so that Harry’s chest was pressed against the desk. His hands quickly worked on undoing the omegas pants, bringing the jeans and underwear down to his legs and off of him. The alpha removed his cock from his pants. He lifted Harry’s leg up and set it against the desk so that his glistening folds were exposed easily.

“I like this,” the smirked slightly. He ran his thumb through the omega’s folds, spreading them slightly. He paused when he got to Harry’s clit, pressing the digit against the bundle of nerves. Cormac’s smile increased as he heard a loud moan emit from the body beneath him. He kept his thumb there and used his other hand to guide his cock into the omega, slipping fully into him. 

Harry let out a low moan. He grasped the desk beneath him to help ground him with the amount of pleasure that was racing through him from being filled like that. He brought his knee up a little further on the desk to give Cormac more room behind him. He rolled his hips down and found that the alpha continued to press his thumb to Harry’s clit as he moved his hips.

“I’m going to move, alright?” Cormac warned. He slowly moved his hips back, which removed his cock just a few inches from the omega body beneath him. 

Harry nodded and clenched the desk even tighter. He moaned each time he felt the member pound into him. He lurched forward, helping the desk move closer the closer to the door, which was now only a few inches away. He began to rock his hips up and down to get pleasure from his clit and cunt as his orgasm drew closer and closer. 

They both unraveled together, with Cormac painting the innermost walls of the Chosen One white with his cum after the aforementioned omega cummed around his cock. Just before he came, however, the alpha leaned down and bit into the scent gland of the omega. Harry let out a long whine as his body easily accepted the strong alpha’s mating mark.

“Sorry for mating you so suddenly,” Cormac murmured as he slowly removed himself from the omega.

“You can make it up to me by letting me mark you,” Harry smirked. He grabbed his pants and underwear, sliding them back on with two graceful movements.

“Are you sure? That would make the mark last for upwards of a year,” Cormac’s brows furrowed together.

“I can’t think of any alpha that I would rather have marked me. I want to mark you and I want us to be mates,” Harry replied stubbornly. The alpha didn’t say anything in reply, just exposed his neck. The omega licked a stripe, getting the smell of wood varnish invading his nostrils. He bit down on top of the scent gland, marking the alpha as his mate.

“Back to the matter that I came to speak with you about before you distracted me,” Cormac murmured as his body came down from the mating-high.

“I’ll hold tryouts for the keeper position again and talk to Hermione,” he replied. “Erm, Cormac, please don’t mention our relationship to anyone just yet. I think that it would put you in a lot of danger,” Harry glanced down.

“I can handle myself, but if it would make you feel better, we could keep the relationship a secret our entire lives,” Cormac tilted the omegas chin up and kissed his lips sweetly.

Harry was a little disappointed in himself and the alpha to see that Cormac really took the words a little too closely to heart. He barely looked at the omega and only ever waved at him when they crossed paths in the hall. Harry knew that it was the omega instincts thanks to the mating, but he wanted nothing more than to be smothered in affection at all hours of the day by his alpha.

The omega had already done a rerun of the tryouts for the keeper position, this time keeping all spectators out of the stadium. He found that his lover did just have more natural talent than his best friend, which made him extremely happy. He appointed Cormac his co-captain instead of Ginny after running a few tests for them too. 

He was a bit more surprised than he should have been when he found the note slipped inside of his bag after lunch. He pulled it out and beamed as he saw his mate’s messy handwriting scrawled all over the page. It spoke about how much Cormac adored him and missed the feeling of Harry’s body against his.

Late that night, he snuck out of the Gryffindor common room and down the halls underneath his invisibility cloak. He was met with empty halls and ringing silence as he got to the Room of Requirement. He pushed the door open and gasped at what he saw.

The room had transformed itself into the most romantic date location that Harry had ever seen. There was a four poster bed with ivy and roses wrapped around each of the posts and banisters. The covers were a silvery gold with plenty of pillows and quilts in the corner for nesting if the need arose. There was a huge rug spread out underneath the bed that reached almost to the doorway that he had just come through. Rose petals scattered across the floor in a path from him to the bed. He also took note of the two large armchairs next to the roaring fire.

“What do you think?” Cormac asked as he walked forward, moving closer to his mate.

“I think that it’s wonderful,” Harry replied. He let his alpha take his hands and continued to look around at the fairy lights strung from the ceiling. 

“Only the best for my baby,” Cormac used his lover’s hands to bring Harry in close. He wrapped one arm around the omega’s waist to hold him as close as possible. He pressed their lips together in a searing kiss.

“What was that for?” Harry breathed as soon as they separated from each other.

“It was a thank you for making me co-captain on top holding the tryouts again,” he replied easily. He pressed their foreheads together as he walked them closer to the bed, step by step.

Harry laughed slightly, “You don’t have to thank me for that. What Hermione did was illegal, and it managed to get her and Ron together after all. You should have seen the look on his face when he found out what she had done for him.”

“Good,” Cormac nodded. He sat down on the bed and brought his omega onto his lap, “That means I won't have to worry about either of them trying to steal you away from me.”

“You don’t have to worry about anyone stealing me away because I want to be with you,” Harry said seriously. The alpha caught his lips in another kiss. 

Cormac threaded his fingers into his omega’s hair, using the arm around his waist and the hand behind his head to tip him forward. He placed the smaller teenager down on the bed and then crawled in between his legs. He kissed his lover again, using the time that their mouths were locked together to remove his pants. 

As soon as they pulled apart from each other, Harry slipped off to the edge of the bed. He looked his naked alpha up and down a few times before he began to sway his hips sensually. “I think that you’ve earned another reward, Daddy.”

“Fuck, I love that nickname. Give me my reward, princess,” Cormac grasped his cock and slowly began to stroke it. 

Harry turned to the bathroom that the room had created and rushed to go change. He striped his clothes off, leaving them down on the loor. He opened a cupboard and found the perfect outfit waiting for him. He changed into the skimpy outfit and then rushed back to his alpha.

Cormac sucked in a surprised breath as he looked over his lover. Harry had adorned a scarlet and gold cheerleading outfit. The shirt barely came down over the omega’s double-d rack and the fabric stretched to contain both of the huge breasts. The skirt was shirt and pleated, coming down to Harry’s uppermost thigh so that the alpha could see his panties. Across Harry’s chest was the word ‘Cormac’s’ in sparkly golden letters.

“Look at you,” the alpha grinned eagerly. 

“You wanna fuck me in this, Daddy?” Harry asked, crawling over the bed so that he was nearly on top of the alpha. 

“Hell yes, but why don’t you start by sucking me off?” Cormac asked. He moved them around so that he was lying against the pillows onto the bed and Harry was kneeling in between his legs.

“Of course, Daddy. Anything you want,” Harry beamed. He grasped the base of the cock with his hand and placed the head into his mouth. He was happy to finally know that fully hard, Cormac was about nine to eleven inches when fully hard.

The omega leaned forward, taking the entire cock into his mouth. He sucked as hard as he could as he took the entire member into his mouth. He paused when he got to the point where the member would enter his throat. He made sure to open his throat more and hold his breath as he buried his nose into his alpha’s pelvic hair. He swallowed and suckled around the shaft for a few minutes, earning several loud moans and whines from Cormac. He slowly pulled off of the shaft, swirling his tongue around it as he pulled up and off. He kept the head in his mouth, sucking on it as he bobbed his head up and down. He stroked the rest of the shaft that wasn’t in his mouth with his hands. 

Harry resisted the urge to gasp as he felt a sudden burst of white, sticky seed begin to fill his mouth. He eagerly swallowed all of it and made sure that not a single drop got past his mouth. 

“What a good omega,” Cormac praised. “Doing all of these lovely things for me. I think that princess has earned the right to ride Daddy,” he grinned.

The omega couldn’t stop the eager chirp that forced its way out of his chest. He removed the panties from below his cheerleader outfit and tossed them over the side of the bed. He scrambled to sit on Cormac’s lap and rolled back onto the hard cock. “Already hard for me again, Daddy?” Harry asked.

He gasped in surprise as he felt his alpha’s hands fly to his waist. Cormac raised him into the air and then dropped him down onto his cock with one fluid movement. “You’re this wet for me, so you don’t have any room to talk, princess,” he replied with another one of his devious smirks.

“Guess I don’t,” Harry shook his head in reply. He began to rock his hips forward and back slowly while raising a small bit off of the alpha. He settled into the movement of raising himself almost all the way off of the cock before he dropped down and then rocked forward to get some pleasure from his clit.

The alpha grasped his hips and helped him move as Harry’s movements began to get sloppier. The closer that the omega got to his orgasm the more awkwardly he moved, his brain hazy with pleasure.

They cummed together, both of them then pulling the other into a kiss as they were overcome with pleasure. Cormac thrust his cock up just a little bit more and managed to fit it into his omega’s uterus, dumping all of his cum in there. 

“I can’t get pregnant from that, sorry,” Harry whispered when they finally pulled back. “I’m at the wrong part of my cycle.”

“It’s fine, omega. We’ll just have to make sure you’re at the right part of your cycle the next time we do something like this,” Cormac kissed his cheek. He pulled out of his lover and spent the rest of the night cuddling with him.

They ended up spending more time together. They went on a couple of dates with the Room of Requirement giving them different locations each time. Most of their dates ended in sex, but some of them ended up with them falling asleep in each other’s arms. They didn’t tell anyone about their relationship and it was a good thing that they didn’t.

Harry left Hogwarts, forgoing a higher education with his remaining year as he left to go and search for the Dark Lord. He wasn't even allowed to know if his lover was alive or not because any communication that the two would have been able to share might have gotten the other one in trouble. The entire time, he held onto the hope that Cormac was alive based solely on the fact that his mating mark hadn’t faded or disappeared more than it should have with the time spent apart.

The next time that they found each other was after the battle of Hogwarts was finished. Harry had been nervously pacing around, helping repair the school with magic, identify bodies (he was terrified that he would find his lover among the casualties), and doing anything to help. 

“Harry!” Cormac called as soon as he spotted his lover walking across the remains of the once beautiful grounds.

“Cormac?” Harry asked, turning in the direction over the voice. Strong arms wrapped around his and before lips covered his, he was able to get out a joyful purr. 

The school was mostly finished being rebuilt thanks to the wonders of magic, and they raced through the old halls in search of their favorite date spot. They didn’t care if anyone saw them now, since they were finally able to love each other without worrying about the impending war or either of them dying.

“You know that kink that you told me about last year?” Harry asked breathlessly as they stumbled back into the room that Cormac had made for their first date.

“Go wait on the bed,” Harry said as he slipped off to the bathroom. When he returned, he was wearing the most mouth-watering lingerie that Cormac had ever seen. 

The bra was little more than a bikini top. It was the same color as the famous princess with gold embroidery on the edges. It cupped Harry’s breasts lovely, containing them and hiding his nipples from sight. The panties matched the bra with the color and embroidery. Overtop of them was a pair of almost-past. They had a waistband of gold trim that helped hold up cloth that was sheer enough to see the panties through. It was the same color as the rest of the outfit, but the sheerness of them gave it a slightly different tone. The pants opened at the mid point of Harry’s thighs and then clasped together at his ankles.

“Merlin. Did you create this in your head?” Cormac whispered as he looked over his mate.

“I had a lot of time to think about the perfect princess Jasmine lingerie that I was going to surprise my alpha in,” Harry murmured. He got to the edge of the bed and crawled over so that he was sitting close to his mate. 

“You really are my princess now,” Cormac whispered.

“One more thing,” Harry whispered. He took out a bottle from behind his back and showed it to his mate.

“A fertility potion? Are you sure? I know you said you had dreams to have a job,”  the alpha murmured. It took amazing self restraint for him to be able to sit there and not just ravish his omega like he wanted to. 

“I nearly died over three dozen times this year. I also wanted to be an auror before I went on a big, dangerous adventure. I can’t live with that being my entire life. I can, however, live with being your broodmare and mothering your children my entire life,” he beamed.

Cormac grasped his lover’s chin and brought their lips together in another passionate kiss. “Please. I would love to see you swollen with my children.” 

The omega didn’t say anything in reply, just uncorked the potion and downed it. He felt the affects of it take place immediately and moaned as his folds got even more slick than they had been before. He turned to the side, spreading her legs to show that the pants didn’t cover his cunt either, but the panties did. He had his knees propped up on the bed and his forearms supporting him. He placed his forehead down on his hands as he let out a loud keen.

“I’m going to fuck you so full of children,” Cormac. He slipped his cock deep inside of his mate almost immediately after the words had tumbled from his mouth. He leaned down on top of the omega, feeling the cloth of the lingerie tugging around him as he moved. He pressed his chest so that it was flush against Harry’s back, moving their forearms together. 

The alpha pulled his cock out and thrust it back in as much as he could in that position. The moans and mewls that came from his mouth with each thrust told him that that was plenty for his mate at the moment. “Do you like that, princess? You like the thought of Daddy stuffing you full of cum and making you swollen with his children?”

“Yes! Merline, yes,” Harry whimpered as his cunt throbbed in desperation to keep the cock deep inside of him. “Wanna be so full of Daddy’s children that I can’t move anymore. Just wanna be kept in the bedroom while I’m bred,” he rambled incoherently into his hands as his orgasm neared closer and closer. 

“You will, omega, you will,” Cormac whispered. The effects of his omega being so desperate for him was beginning to get to him. He kept thrusting until his cock was spewing his cum deep inside of his lover’s womb.

He didn’t stop his movements when he felt the omega cum around his cock, and Harry didn’t seem to mind. He flipped his lover around and began to kiss Harry adoringly as he kept fucking into his tight cunt. 

They cummed together when they finally managed to get to their climaxes again. Cormac groaned slightly as he felt his knot pop, and he pushed further into his lover. Harry let out an eager moan as the cock pushed past his cervix more and dumped the cum straight into his womb.

Cormac held his lover tightly, the omega’s legs wrapped around his waist as he did so. They fell asleep nuzzled together, unaware of the three new lives growing inside of Harry.



WARNINGS: Blood and gore, mutilation, and radical class-based beliefs

Bellatrix had no idea what to make of the scene before her.

She had such good memories of the woman who had taught her when she was here at Hogwarts. Her heart warmed at the remembrance of it. She could see the classroom like she had been attending yesterday, with all of the other Slytherin students surrounding her. She could still hear the professors stern and yet gentle tone as she taught them about the ancient craft. Minerva had always made sure to ask her how she was doing at the end of each break, when she was forced to go back to her stifling family. She had always been watching out for her students and had their best interests in mind.

Something had gone wrong inside of the teacher’s mind since then, evidently. 

The witch was currently standing in the crime scene that her favorite teacher and secret crush had committed. The bodies lying near the toes of her boots were almost unrecognizable. The poor muggles had been transformed from their natural states into some that were barely able to be considered human.

The first one had a rat’s head, eagles for nails, and what looked like a cat’s tail peeking out of their pants. The second one had half of their head missing as it had been transfigured into a fish that had then died and was now rotting. Their hands were eyeballs of all varieties, spilling around the blood and muck the bodies were lying in.

“This is grotesque,” she gagged, turning to look away from the mess before her.

“I know,” Lucius turned his eyes away from the bodies before him and looked instead at some of the buildings around them.

“Who do you think did this?” Bellatrix asked her brother-in-law.

“Who do you think?” he snapped back in reply.

“Well it couldn’t have been any of the Weasleys. None of them have the raw talent to do something like this,” she pressed a hand to her forehead. She grasped her wand tighter in her hand and continued to look at the crime scene. She remembered back to her lessons at the school she loved and slowly began to turn the animal parts back into human parts. The Muggles were dead, but bringing them back into a human form was the least she could do. 

“Arthur escaped from prison a few years ago during the Azkaban break out, it could have been him,” the blond replied. He watched her work, and slowly the green faded from his face as the people began to resemble humans again.

“He was a lot more into chaining Muggles up in his basement and dissecting them. Or testing spells on them. This isn’t really his style,” she shook her head. When she had finished with the spells she walked out of the crime scene with her brother-in-law close behind her, leaving the rest of the work to the muggle coroners since they were coming to collect their own.

“His wife?”

“She barely had any part in the muggle-hate. She’s also still in Azkaban, the last I checked,” Bellatrix shook her head.

“Bill or Charlie? I heard that the older one is now married to a Veela. Men all along the East Coast have been disappearing,” Lucius tutted in distaste.

“No. Charlie much preferred mass-slaughter. I think they still have him chained in the vaults of Gringotts, watching the guard dragons without being able to touch them.”

“Voldemort is very personal when it comes to punishments, isn’t he?” the blond smirked.

“Let’s hope that you never get on his bad side then, Lucy,” she winked. She darted away from him as he swung his cane at her playfully and then continued. “I know that the twin Weasleys are pretty brutal, but the younger one, Ronald, is the one we really need to worry about.”

“Ah yes, the right hand man of the infamous Harry Potter,” he nodded.

“He’s the same age as your boy, isn’t he?” Bellatrix stopped as she heard something. She turned and caught sight of another one of the grotesque bodies that had been popping up all over London. “Cover up the scene, I’ll chase after whoever did this!” 

She didn’t give her brother-in-law a change to reply as she immediately set off after whoever was murdering the muggles. She had to push some people out of the way as she raced down street after street. Her lungs began to burn after a while, but luckily the woman she was pursuing got cornered in a dead-end alley.

Bellatrix felt her stomach drop down into a pit as she looked at her old teacher, the woman that she had grown to love standing before her.

Minerva looked like she had been dragged to Hell and back. Her hair was normally kept up in a tight bun, a style that Bellatrix had molded herself after, was now lying down to her waist. It was cut like someone had taken a dull knife to it, with pieces missing and the edges never once matching up with the lock next to it. It was dirty, matted, and hung barely down to the woman’s waist. Her clothing was torn and ripped in most places. The sleeves were barely clinging to her arms and the once brilliant emerald color that had adorned the fabric was now so matted with mud that it looked a sickly brown. 

“Minerva,” Bellatrix called as soon as the older witch turned around and saw her. 

“Ah, one of my old students!” Minerva crooned. She took a couple steps closer to the other witch. She had her wand clenched tightly in her hands, shakily pointed at her old student.

“Please put your wand down, you’re under arrest,” Bellatrix said. Her throat was tight, which showed with the wavery tone of her words. She knew that this was what had to be done, but she wasn’t sure if she could actually make herself arrest the woman she had fallen in love with. 

“Under arrest? What for?” Minerva asked instead as she continued forward. 

“For the mutilation and murder of several muggles,” the woman took in another breath. Her stomach churned just at the thought of the bodies.

“Muggles aren’t anything more than test subjects,” she seethed. “You have pure blood, don’t you, my dear?”

Bellatrix opened her mouth to argue, but the pet name tacked onto the end of the sentence made her pause just for a moment. She remembered all of the nights that she longed to be called that by the older woman, and now she knew that it was more of a pipe-dream that it had ever been.

“You know that I come from one of the most powerful wizard families that ever existed. I, however, also know that people are people regardless of their percentage of magical ability,” Bellatrix whipped out her wand and spoke a few magical words.

Minerva had fire in her eyes as she tightened up and fell back onto the dirty alleyway ground. It was obvious that the words the other witch spoke had enraged her, which just cemented the fact that something had happened since Bellatrix’s time at Hogwarts.

She grabbed hold of Minerva’s wrist and snapped them to the ministry prisons. A couple of guards immediately flocked to them, bringing the criminal into one of the cells. 

Bellatrix slowly walked away from there, trying to keep the tears from rolling down her face. She could feel the mourning disappointment hanging heavy in her heart. She had just barely made it to her office when an overly familiar voice called out from behind her.

“Bella! Wait up,” Narcissa grinned as she rushed up to her sister. She paused when she saw the sorrowful look that the other witch had adorned. “What’s wrong?”

“I just found out that the woman I fell in love with has turned evil. She’s the one that’s been transfiguring muggles to kill them,” Bellatrix couldn’t stop the tears that slowly began to roll down her pale face.

Narcissa quickly wrapped her arms around her sister, holding her close. “It’s okay. Not all loves can work out. Maybe she was under the control of an imperius curse?”

“There’s no way of knowing until they look through her mind with that new spell Voldemort is working on,” Bellatrix let herself relax into her sister’s hold. She felt a sob bubble up in her chest and didn’t bother to stop it. She wrapped her sister in a tight hold and let herself mourn the loss of someone she loved and a great contributor to the wizarding world.

There was no saving Minerva McGonagall now.



WARNINGS: Pregnancy, hidden pregnancy, surprise birth, graphic birth, and teenage pregnancy

The fall air nipped at his nose as the redhead walked through the mostly empty field. His heart was hammering in his chest and he was winded with more than just anxiety. He had been less active and thus he assumed that he was more out of shape than he realized. The redhead stopped as he reached the location that he had agreed to meet his lover at. 

There was almost nothing stretching for miles behind the Weasley home. The muggle town was on the other side, and there was barren farmland for miles in the other direction. Ron was currently on top of the highest hill, which grew a large oak tree, which served as a nice marker. 

He sat down on the ground and whimpered in pain. He wrapped his arms around his stomach, pushing against the muscles. The pain had been building up in his back for some time as he went up the hill, but now it chose to wrap around his stomach and make each and every muscle tighten up. He took a deep breath to try and calm down, easing the pain ever so slightly.

“Probably just something that I ate,” he mumbled as it finally passed. He had begun to feel the pains before he fully woke up that morning, but they were weak enough that he ignoring them and wrote it off as gas. As the day went on, he lost his appetite and felt sluggish. The pains increased in intensity and frequency.

“Ronald!” Viktor called as he walked up the hill and advanced on his lover. The redhead sprang up from where he was sitting against the base of the tree. He rushed the last few feet closer to his boyfriend, flinging his arms around the other wizard’s neck. Viktor wrapped his arms around his boyfriend and placed his head into the crook of the other teenager’s neck.

The two had gotten together just after the Yule Ball back when they were at Hogwarts, even sleeping together a few times before they had to split up. The first time that they had been together was directly after the Yule Ball, when they were both wasted on spiked punch from the after party that ended with them confessing and agreeing to date. They hadn’t seen each other since then, however, since when Viktor wasn’t in school he had to participate almost constantly in Quidditch games and practices. 

“I never want you out of my arms again,” Viktor murmured as he kissed his lover gently on the lips. He had meant for the kiss to be a brief peck, just their lips ghosting over the others for a split second. Ron, however, had other ideas. He brought his hand to the back of his boyfriend’s head and brought him even closer.

“You can’t say something like that and then not expect me to snog you senseless,” Ron mumbled as they pulled away from each other. 

“Maybe I said something like that to get you to snog me senseless,” Viktor replied as he pressed their foreheads together. “How have you been, my Ronald?”

“I’ve missed you a lot. I can’t believe that I have to go another school year without seeing you,” the fifteen-year-old teenager made a pouty face.

“We’ll be able to see each other on breaks,” Viktor brushed his hand over his lover’s freckled cheek. 

“I want to be able to see you everyday. Not being with you just kills me inside,” Ron whispered. As if on cue, the pain that he had been facing all day decided that it should pop back up. “Ah!” he removed an arm from around his boyfriend’s neck, holding his stomach with it.

“Ronald?” Viktor asked worriedly as he lowered his boyfriend down onto the ground. “Are you alright? What’s wrong?”

Ron was unable to answer for a few moments, just focusing on breathing to try and get past the unbearable pain. He gasped a few times as his lungs decided that they were going to continue working, “Just some pain. I think I ate something this morning that didn’t agree with me.” The reasoning was beginning to make less and less sense, but he wasn’t able to think of any other reason he would be hurting this badly.

“I hope so. I don’t want to lose you after I just got back to you,” Viktor smiled oftly. He lowered his boyfriend onto the dying grass and leaned against the tree behind him. 

“You’re not going to lose me. I’m not dying,” Ron reassured the other man. He turned to the side and pressed a kiss to his lover’s lips. He wiggled down so that he was lying in between Viktor’s legs on the blanket he had laid out, with his head on the other man’s chest. Viktor slowly began to card his hands through his lover’s hair as they spoke to each other in hushed, happy voices. They were eager to just be with each other again.

The pains continued for nearly an hour, getting increasingly close together. Each time Ron stopped talking and froze to get through the overwhelming feeling and pressure, Viktor would hold his hand and help him through it. The redhead could tell that his lover was getting increasingly more worried with each pain.

“Maybe walking around will help them a little bit?” Ron offered.

Viktor nodded and got up off of the blanket. He offered a hand out to Ron, who gratefully took it. Just as he stood up he got another pain, and felt something begin to dribble down his legs. “The pressure is gone, and I can tell you that the water didn’t come from my dick.”

“Pressure? You didn’t mention any pressure,” Viktor said, his brows knitting together with worry again. 

“I didn’t think that it was relevant since I thought my stomach was upset,” he replied, flushing even deeper.

“Lay back down, I want to do a spell on you to check something,” the older teenager said worriedly.

“What kind of a spell?” Ron slowly lowered himself back down onto the blanket. He let loose a small scream as he collapsed off of his elbows onto the cold, hard ground. Viktor brought out his wand and cast the spell one-handed, using the other to try and help his lover. 

Ron was able to keep his eyes open and tear-less just long enough to see a puff of white smoke leave his stomach and fill the air before dissipating. “What does that mean? What’s wrong with me?”

For half a second Viktor had the impulse to interrogate his lover on what he had taken and why he had slept with another man, but upon seeing the love of his life in so much pain, he quickly changed his mind. “It means that you’re in labor and giving birth. You’re pregnant, but you won’t be for much longer,” he explained. He was already working on getting Ron’s pants off and down around his ankles.

The redhead felt his entire world collapse in as he put the pieces of the puzzle together. He had been busy being mad and also helping Harry, so it had been hard to see at the time. He had been nauseous and ravenous at the same time, and there had been fatigue on top of it. During the spring and summer he had felt little movements and just assumed that it was his bowels, but it must have been the baby he was harboring. 

“Do you feel like you need to push?” Viktor asked. He was scrambling for any of the knowledge that he had picked up during some of his classes on advanced first aid, which he had taken on a whim to get further elective points.

“I feel scared,” Ron replied. When he got another contraction and the pressure returned a moment afterward, he changed his answer by nodding. Viktor let his boyfriend hold both of his hands, letting him push for a bit.

Ron began to push with each contraction, pushing his chin into his chest as he did so. The baby he had just learned about slowly descended into his birth canal and then the head peaked out of him. “I see the head,” Viktor spoke up after what felt like an eternity. 

The redhead was in too much pain to be able to say anything and kept pushing. When the head slipped out of him, he collapsed back onto the blanket and panted heavily. “I can’t do this, I can’t,” he whimpered, tears rushing down his cheeks.

“My Ronald, you can,” Viktor encouraged. He magicked a towel into existence and began to wipe the head of the infant off. “Just a few more pushes and you’ll be able to hold your baby.”

“I didn’t even know that they were a thing until a few minutes ago!” the teenager sobbed harder, but pushed with the next contraction. 

As soon as the baby slipped out of him, Viktor wrapped them up in a towel and placed them in Ron’s arms. The redhead refused to look at the infant as he delivered the afterbirth and then felt his boyfriend begin to cast spells on him. Viktor first spelled away the blood and afterbirth, then used mgic to give Ron stitches wherever he needed them. The last spell that he cast was to put pants on his boyfriend. He picked the redhead up and began to carry him back to the Burrow.

“Hi baby,” Ron finally gave in and looked at the screeching bundle in his arms. The baby’s head was elongated from the birth and their face was squished, but they were Ron’s and he was overjoyed. 

Molly was out of the door of her home when they crossed into the yard, looking at her son and the famous Quidditch player with wide, surprised eyes. “What in Merlin’s name happened? Where did that baby come from?”

“Can I lie down before you keep asking questions?” he asked, blinking at her tiredly.

She nodded and quickly ushered them inside. She made a small attempt to get Viktor to stay in the hallway as she got Ron up to his room with the little one in his arms, but the other man insisted on going with the redhead. 

“Now will you explain?” she nearly demanded Ron was lying in his bed with the baby suckling from him once he had discovered that he was lactating.

“I don’t know what to explain,” he replied weakly.

“Where did the baby come from?” she prompted.

“Me. I didn’t even know that I was pregnant, Mum, but Viktor cast a spell on me and apparently he was in there and I just… gave birth,” Ron shrugged. He didn’t notice the twins peaking into his room.

“Where did Viktor come from then? Have you done something to my son?” she demanded, rounding on the older teenager.

“Not that he didn’t want, ma’am,” he replied immediately, looking a bit startled.

“Viktor and I have been together for a couple of months, but we didn’t want to tell anyone because of his Quidditch career. We only slept together a few times around Christmas and I never took a potion to get myself pregnant,” Ron explained, his mind slowly coming back to him. 

“Oh fuck,” Fred said, the muggle curseword tumbling from his mouth.

“What did you do?” Molly roared, turning around to face her son.

“We were testing a new product at the Yule Ball,” George began.

“We thought that it would just give men boobs and we’d all have a good laugh. We didn’t think that it would give Ron the ability to get pregnant, or that he would have shagged soon enough to actually get knocked up before it wore off,” Fred finished.

“Downstairs! You two are in so much trouble!” the witch roared. Both twins were out of their brother’s room and down the stairs before the sentence was finished. She turned on the other two and her expression softened. “I know that neither of you asked for this, but I’m going to support you no matter what you decide. I’ll let you talk,” she closed the door softly behind her as she left.

“Decide?” Viktor asked. He tore his eyes away from the sucklying baby back to his boyfriend.

“Are we going to keep the baby or give him up for adoption?” Ron finished.

“I can’t give any child of mine away. I never thought that I would have a family, so I’m going to let my chance slip away. I will raise him alone if you do not want him,” Viktor replied easily.

“I want him. Him and you,” Ron said, looking up from the baby cradled in his arms to his boyfriend.

“Then he needs a name,” Viktor beamed, kissing his boyfriend sweetly.

“Hugo,” the redhead replied immediately. The other wizard nodded firmly in agreement. 

Hugo Krum-Weasley was a surprise, and things were difficult with him every now and again seeing as they were so young when they had him, but there wasn’t a moment that he thought he wasn’t wanted.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, alcohol consumption, and older woman/younger man

The Ministry workers flitted around the larger, highly decorated room. They had gathered together to be seen and socialize with the higher ups during the party. Nearly every person there had some of the spiked eggnog, a crystal glass of firewhiskey, or some other form of alcohol. 

Percy knew that he had a bit too much already, but he couldn’t stop himself from going back over to the bar and having his glass filled again. He stipped away at the strong beverage while he was tugged past important people, who barely knew he existed. He had already spoken with some of them, trying to get himself some sort of a promotion.

Eventually, he let himself drift over to a corner of the room where he could nurse his loneliness away with alcohol. He hadn’t been invited back to his parents’ place for Christmas due to the stunts that he had pulled against his younger brother and father.

The young wizard scowled down at the alcohol swirling in his glass as his thoughts ran away with him. He glanced up when he heard the clacking of heels quickly approaching his hideaway.

“What is a respectable young man like you doing over here by yourself?” Deloras Umbridge asked, raising her eyebrows at him. 

“Well, none of the women in my social status were at all acceptable to bring to something like this, so I came alone,” he replied easily. Butterflies fluttered through his stomach and blood rushed to his cock. Something about the woman in front of him was alluring beyond words. He adored the way that her body looked, with curves at every turn and flesh that would be utterly perfect for grasping and marking.

“Perhaps I could provide adequate company?” she offered. The alcohol in her own cup had been mostly consumed, meaning that she wasn't thinking quite straight either.

“I think that I would enjoy that very much,” Percy nodded. He stood up from the chair so that he was standing a few inches taller than her. He grasped her chin with his free hand and brought their lips together, happy when she continued to kiss him back.

“I think that we should find somewhere away from prying eyes if we want to continue this,” Deloras murmured, pulling away from the kiss earlier than necessary. Percy looked over her head and could already see a couple of their fellow employees looking over at them while pretending not to.

“Yes, let’s,” he nodded. He briskly walked toward the door, only pausing to see her quickly following behind him. He drained the rest of his alcohol and left the glass on the table next to the door, something that she did as well.

They quickly moved down the hall, walking side by side as they searched for an empty, private room. They settled on one of the private, one-person bathrooms lining the halls with the offices. Percy grasped his wand and locked the door with magic as soon as they entered.

“Now, I think that I need to give you some company,” she slid her hands up and down his legs for  a moment as she brought their faces closer and closer together.

Percy surged down and connected their lips together, kissing her more passionately than he had done when they were in public. He wrapped his arms around her waist and backed her up to the sink. He grasped her ass with both of his hands and lifted her so that she was sitting on the edge of the basin. He let out a small moan as he felt the fat of it ripple and move against his fingers.

They separated for air and Percy took that as his time to pull the professional robes he had one over his head. He discarded them onto the floor, something that he would later come to regret. Deloras’ hands moved down to her blouse, undoing all of the straining buttons that contained her bosom and stomach folds. Percy quickly removed his undergarments, freeing his cock from the cloth confines.

“This is going to be quick and dirty,” he mumbled. His hand brought her calf up to his waist, wrapping it around his waist. He ran his hand quickly up her leg to underneath the skirt she was wearing. He pushed the fabric up effectively, revealing more and more of the pudgy flesh.

“I didn’t think that someone as young as you would be long,” she murmured. “You’re lucky that you chose an easy to please woman,” she smirked.

“I suppose that I am,” he replied. His fingers worked in between her thighs as the fabric of her skirt bunched around the tops of her thighs and bottom of her hips. He pushed her panties aside, revealing the folds and entrance he had been searching for.

Percy grasped the base of his cock with one hand while using the other one to hold what little of her ass that he could with the position that they were in. He slowly pushed into her until his body stopped moving forward due to the size of her thighs clamped around him. Deloras moaned anyway, trying to spread herself out more for him.

The sound of flesh against flesh soon echoed through the small space as he pulled out of her and thrust in, trying to get deeper into her each time. The older witch began to moan loudly when he finally got his cock as deep into her as he could. His hands wandered over her thighs and hips until he finally let himself touch the rolls of her stomach. The sight of the curves made him impossibly hard as he continued to fuck into her.

When they came, Percy ended up cumming before she did. He thrust into her harder than he had during their entire session and dumped his load into the vast recesses of her cunt. She clamped around him and rode her orgasm out as she felt him cumming inside of her.

Neither of them spoke when they finally pulled apart from each other and re-dressed. They went their separate ways and never spoke to each other again, though Percy couldn’t deny the pit of arousal he got every time he saw her ass bouncing as she walked past his desk.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content and polyamory

Snow slowly drifted down from the fluffy clouds to the ground below, creating a slush along the streets and the hot pavement. There were only a few people bustling around the city as they bought their last couple Christmas presents before traveling out to friends and family. The lights of quite a few of the apartments below him had already dimmed as they sent children off to bed so that they could eagerly lay awake and think about hearing Santa. 

The lights of the huge penthouse sweet were dimmed as well, except for in the bedroom. Ron sat on the large bed, right in the middle of the silky sheets. He had dressed up for his daddies, and now all he had to do was wait for them to come home. He glanced down and shifted the skirt to the side as he took the lingerie in again.

He had red fishnet stockings covering his legs all the way down to the high red boots he was wearing. They had clasps that did utterly nothing all the way down to his ankle. They were healed, not that it mattered since he was sitting down. The stockings stopped at his upper mid thigh and connected to the panties with black belts. The panties were a rich green that went well with the red stockings. They were trimmed with fur around the legs and waist. The other part of the lingerie was a wrap made out of lace and trimmed with lace, this one silver and red woven together.

Ron was hoping that this would get him at least one of his presents early. He was sick of waiting, just seeing the immaculately wrapped packages piled high underneath their monstrous sized tree. He laughed slightly as he remembered his astoundment when Draco and Harry brought it home on the first of December. They had gone all out when it came to decorating the apartment for Christmas. The tree was huge, they all had ornate, close to gaudy stockings on the mantel, there was enough garland and lights to drive any cat crazy. 

He was snapped out of his thoughts when the double doors to the master bedroom opened and his sugar daddies entered. “Has Christmas come a night early?” Harry asked as his eyes raked over the form in front of him. 

“For you, Daddy, and hopefully for me,” Ron winked. 

Draco shed his suit jacket, lying it over the back of one of the chairs in the seating area. “What lucky men we are, right Harry?” the blond smirked. He got up otn he edge of the bed and crawled to Ron. He tilted the other man’s head up and brought him in for a heated kiss. As always, the older man’s hands wandered all over his lover’s body while their mouths were connected.

Behind them, Harry shed his clothes, dumping his suit into a chair for the maid to bring to the dry cleaner’s when she came tomorrow. He placed his boxers into the hamper and then crawled up on the bed behind him. “So I take it you want his mouth tonight, Draco?” Harry asked easily. He grabbed the bottle of lube from the bedside drawer before he crawled up behind his lover. 

“When do I not want this heavenly mouth around my cock? It’s my turn to get his mouth anyway,” Draco replied easily as he pulled away. 

“I can get a kiss in though, can’t I?” Harry chuckled, bringing the smaller man over to the side to capture his lips. He kissed him as hard as he could, letting Draco use the time to strip himself of his expensive clothing.

“Have you already prepared yourself for us, baby?” Harry asked. Draco grasped Ron’s face and brought him down to his lap. 

“Of course, Daddy,” Ron replied. He spread his legs to reveal the fold in the panties that would allow Harry to enter him without removing any of his get up. The black-haired man growled with excitement. He grasped Ron’s wrists with one hand, keeping his arms bound behind his back. 

As Harry spread lube over his cock, Draco pressed the tip of his own member to the lips of their sugar baby. Ron opened his mouth and took the tip in, sucking on it until his cheeks went hollow. He slowly brought the member further and further into his mouth, until it was resting heavy on his tongue and into the back of his throat. He let out a small as Harry pressed his head into the redhead’s entrance, sitting barely inside of his lover.

Draco threw his head back and moaned, the action moving a few pieces of his nearly-white locks from the slicked back hairdo he supported every day. 

Harry slipped the rest of the way into his lover, fucking upwards to make sure that he was hitting Ron’s prostate. He slowly began to pull out of him and then thrust back in at a rhythmic pace. Ron moaned each time the older man fucked into him, causing pleasure to shoot through his daddy’s husband.

Ron began to remove his head from the cock, swirling his tongue around the shaft as he went up. He sucked as hard as he could as he pulled off, adding a stern ‘pop’ to the rhythmic slapping of Harry’s body against his ass. The redhead then added kitten licks to the mess he had left the cock, lapping up the spit he had left behind. 

When he saw that Draco was getting close he put his mouth began over the cock and sucked it all down as quickly as he could. He had just gotten the entire member in his mouth when he felt the salty liquid spread across his tongue. He slurped and swallowed it all done as quickly as he could so that none would spill out of his lips. 

Harry began to thrust in and out of him faster than before, signifying that he was close to his own release. Draco moved out of the way, letting his husband shove Ron’s face down into the silk sheets below them. The redhead moaned loudly at the feeling of being so controlled, with Harry’s hands on top of his head and holding his hands behind his back.

“Cum with me, Ron,” Harry whispered, still thrusting into him adamantly. The redhead did as he was told, clamping his walls down around his daddy as he orgasmed onto the sheets. Harry thrust fully into him after that and unloaded his cum deep inside of the redhead. They both moaned and groaned as Harry continued to rock into him as they rode out their orgasms. 

When they had both come down from the pleasurable, orgasmic high, Draco was waiting for them. Harry slowly pulled out of their shared lover and carried him to the bathroom. They performed aftercare on him like they always did, letting him empty out before they bathed him with the utmost adoration and care.

Ron was clean, wrapped up in his pajamas and on the luxurious bed before he really got his mind back. Draco was on his left side and Harry was on his right, leaving him in the middle of a warm and comfortable cuddle pile.

“So I was wondering,” Ron piped up when they had all gotten into the sleepy, post-coitus haze.

“You’re not getting into any of your presents tonight. You’ll just have to wait until morning,” Draco laughed as he pressed a kiss to Ron’s forehead.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, polyamory, and slight LGBT-phobia

“Do you ever get tired of hiding this?” 

Harry’s words hung heavy in the air over the trio’s head. They were sitting in front of the common room fire around Midnight, having just finished with each other in the Room of Requirement, but made it back to their dorm before the curfew hit. They were each squeezed into one of the big armchairs that was nuzzled close to the fireplace against the single flat wall of the tower. Ron and Hermione were holding hands with their heads against one of Harry’s shoulders. Harry had his arms around both of them, holding his partners as close as he could. 

“Hiding our relationship, you mean?” Hermione murmured.

“Mm,” the dark-haired male hummed in response.

“Sometimes,” Ron nodded. “I want to be able to hold hands with you two on the way to classes without worrying about anyone finding out.”

They stayed silent for a while longer, each of them trying to form thoughts and sentences through their post-coitus, sleepy haze. 

“What if we did come out?” Hermione finally propositioned.

Both boys took a moment to consider the thought. “How would we do that?” Harry asked.

“I don’t know. We could go down to the Great Hall holding hands, and just do things like normal couples do. Kisses before I have to leave for class and you two holding hands down the hall, things like that,” their girlfriend explained softly. 

Ron moved his head up so that they could both see the glittering excitement in his eyes. “I want everyone to know that I have the smartest girl in the world and the Chosen One as my partners. I want everyone to know that you two chose me.”

“Of course we chose you,” Harry replied as Hermione’s cheeks turned a bright pink color. Ron just chuckled, settling back into the cuddle with his lovers. 

The next morning, they got up and got ready just like normal. This time, however, there were a lot more quick touches across the smalls of backs and the brushing of hair out of eyes. As they went down to breakfast, Ron took the middle position and held one of Harry’s and one of Hermione’s hands.

They ignored the looks that they got from the others in the Hall and just made their way over to the normal table they sat at. Hermione propped open one of her books for her early morning session, but she ended up ignoring it like always. She was too busy talking and laughing with her boys that were sitting across the table from her.

Their girlfriend got up to head to her classes earlier than them since her first one was across the castle from the Great Hall. She leaned over the table, kissing each one of them in turn before she disappeared down the hallways of the vast castle. When it was time for them to leave, Harry and Ron kissed each other and drifted down the halls to get to their classes. 

As time went on, there seemed to be more and more stares of astonishment and disgust thrown on them. Nearly every Slytherin was sneering at them instead of just the older ones. Filch and Snape and tried to give the trio more detentions than they could count for PDA, even though the same treatment wasn’t being given to the other couples. Harry and Ron were able to ignore it pretty well as Harry was used to all the attention, and Ron was used to being given secondhand attention from hanging around his lover.

Hermione was having a bit of a harder time handling it, however. Currently, she was trying to finish washing her hands in the bathroom so that she could meet up with her boyfriends in the common room before everyone started getting back. She glanced from the running water out of the tap into the mirror and spotted a group that could only spell trouble slowly advancing on her.

“Well, well, well,” Pansy smirked as she gracefully stepped up behind the other girl. “If it isn’t the Gryffindor slut!” she jeered.

“I’m not a slut,” Hermione’s brows furrowed together.

“She says she’s not a slut,” another one of the Slytherin girls behind her snorted. “That’s hilarious.”

“You really don’t think that you’re anything more than filthy mudblood scum, right?” Pansy asked. “Dating the Chosen One while fucking his best friend behind his back isn’t going to make you cool.”

“I’m not- I,” Hermione stuttered, blood rushing to her cheeks.

“Aww, look, she’s blushing,” another one of the girls cackled like an old crone.

“You embarrassed that we finally caught onto your lie? I bet you dosed them both with a love potion,” their leader sneered, taking another step toward hermione. “Why else would two boys be interested in someone as ugly as you?”

“She’s gross even after Madame Pomfrey fixed her teeth. Maybe she looked better as a bunny rabbit,” another girl sneered.

“They love me,” Hermione defended, her voice barely reaching above a whisper.

“You seriously think that they love you? Maybe you dosed yourself with that love potion too,” Pansy rolled her eyes. 

Hermione turned her head to the side, unable to stop the tears leaking from her eyes and rushing down her face. The group continued to jeer and insult her until she was full-on sobbing and crumpled down to the floor. They left her there, crying and unable to pull herself back together.

The tears stopped after nearly ten minutes and she was able to get back to the common room. No one was there yet as classes had just ended. Hermione collapsed down into one of the plush chairs, staring into the ashes of last night’s fire with sorrowful eyes.

She had no idea she had been there, trapped in her own morose thoughts, but she was finally snapped from them with the sound of one of her lover’s voices. “Hermione?”

“What’s the matter, love?” Harry asked when she gave Ron barely any response.

“I don’t want to talk about it here,” she muttered as she watched the rest of the house filter into the common room.

“Then let’s go to the Room of Requirement, where it’s just us,” Ron grinned. He took her hand in his own and led her out of the room, against the current of other students. They found the familiar room easily and slipped inside. 

It had formed itself like it normally did for them. There was a huge, four-poster bed in the corner, bookshelves lining all of the walls, several windows looking out at the grounds. There was a fireplace against one of the walls with a couple and several armchairs crowded around it. 

Both boys led her over to the bed, crawling up after kicking their shoes off. She toed off her Mary Janes to the floor and sat on the edge of the flush mattress. The teenagers glanced at each other behind her, concerned that they hadn’t seen her normal happiness since they left her for afternoon classes.

Ron wrapped his arms around her waist and nuzzled into her cheek. “So what happened, Mione?”

“Pansy called me a slut and so many other things,” she whispered, pressing the palm heels of her hands to her eyes. She took in a shaky breath to prevent herself from crying as she explained everything else that had happened during the encounter in the bathroom. 

“Of course we love you. And none of us are under any kind of potion,” Harry snorted with a small roll of his eyes.

“She thinks that neither of us could love you because you’re not pretty? That’s such bullshit, you’re beautiful,” Ron huffed, kissing her cheek again. 

Nothing seemed to snap their girlfriend out of the depressed stupor the comments had thrown her into. Ron tried joking around like always, but he got no response. Harry tried to reassure her and move the conversation to classes, which was something Hermione loved to discuss, but got the same reaction.

Eventually, they ran out of ideas and gave up trying to cheer her up. Instead, they were going to snap her out of her trance by arousing her. Ron and Harry moved so that they were kneeling in front of the pillows. Ron clambered on top of his raven-haired lover, straddling his waist as Harry sat cross-legged.

Harry moved his hand behind Ron’s head and brought the redhead in for a passionate kiss. Ron’s hands moved to both of his cheeks, keeping his mouth and face as close as possible. Slowly, the younger wizard let his fingers trail down the back of his lover's head and neck. He wrapped his arms around Ron’s waist, keeping him impossibly close.

Hermione slowly snapped out of her haze as she saw the incredibly sensual scene in front of her. They seemed to move back and forth and swirl together like they had been made for each other. Her heart clenched in her chest just as arousal began to grow in her cunt. She bit back a moan, squeezing her legs together. She moved a hand in between her legs and began to rock to pleasure her clit.

“Hey there, Mione,” Ron smiled as they pulled back from the kiss.

“Hi,” she swallowed harshly.

“You want us to help you with that?” Harry jerked his head down at her arousal.

She didn’t hesitate. “Yes.” 

Ron quickly moved off of their dark-haired lover and captured her lips in a sweet embrace. He held the back of her head long enough to bring her down against the mattress so he was on top of her. Harry moved behind the other teenager, removing his shirt quickly when his lovers had to break apart for air. 

“How do you want to do this?” Ron asked. He asked this every time, and most times Hermione gave the same answer. One of them would eat her out, and she’d suck the other off and then finish the one eating her out with a handjob. 

This time, however, she felt that she needed to prove to them how much she cared. “I want to have one of you inside me. I know that you’re both clean and I’ve mastered the birth control charm,” she said firmly.

“Are you sure?” Harry asked. He moved to the side so that he was sitting next to Ron. his hands were still working on undoing the buttons of his uniform shirt.

“Yes, I’m sure,” she nodded again. She grasped her wand, casting the charm on herself before she looked between them. “Which one of you wants to be in me first?”

“I’ll do it. I always cum before Harry so he’ll get a chance to be inside of you before you cum too,” Ron said, his cheeks turning a slightly pink color.

She surged forward and kissed him again. When they had to break away for air, Harry had already stripped himself of the rest of his clothes. Hermione removed her vest and tie before she began to scramble to remove the dress shirt. Ron took the time to remove his slacks and boxers.

Harry moved behind their girlfriend and undid the buttons of her shirt from the bottom, meeting her in the middle. His hands wrapped around her stomach once the thin garment had been discarded over the side of the bed. His fingers trailed over her milky skin, wandering closer and closer to her bra. She arched into the touch, allowing one of his hands to sneak around the back and unclasp it. 

Ron tugged the material off of her arms and away from her chest, tossing it onto the bed beside him. “Look at this, beautiful,” he murmured, his hands cupping her sizable breasts for a moment. 

“God, will one of you help me?” Hemione whimpered. She tugged off her skirt and panties in one go, tossing them to the ground. Ron grasped one of her thighs, running his nails down the flesh to leave thin red marks for only a moment. 

He wrapped the leg around his waist and grasped his cock with the other hand. Harry’s arms were still around her waist, and his lips finally found her neck. She let out a loud gasp when she felt her redheaded boyfriend’s cock line up with her entrance. She slowly pushed into her as Harry bit the skin of her neck, sucking marks there.

“Please, oh!” She moaned, bucking her hips up once Ron was seated full inside of her.

“You feel so good,” Ron whispered, bringing their lips together. He stayed in the same place for a while, adjusting to the pleasurable heat clamped around him. Slowly, he began to pull out and thrust back in. She hissed in pain at the tightness of her cunt around him each time he moved.

Things were awkward for the first couple minutes as Ron tried to figure out how he was supposed to be thrusting. Once he found a place that caused her to moan louder than anything he had done with his tongue, he settled on that. He would pull his cock halfway out of the cunt and then slam in, shoving his cock down to the same place every time.

Just as he had said, he didn’t end up lasting very long. They were only ten minutes in by the time he stopped thrusting and buried himself deep inside of her. His cum spurt out of his cock, painting her walls white as her cunt throbbed for the pleasure she was now being deprived of.

“You weren’t kidding, you do cum fast,” Harry whispered as he watched the redhead slowly remove his flaccid cock from their girlfriend.

“Shut up, Harry,” Ron flushed  and moved away from Hermione.

Harry chuckled slightly as he moved her to the pillows, lying her against the headboard. He leaned down and brought their lips together as he brought his cock to the opening, pressing in with one fluid motion.

“You two feel different,” she gasped when they separated from the kiss.

“Yeah?” Harry asked, slowly dragging his cock out of her and thrusting back in carefully. He was trying to mimic the movements he had seen Ron use, but he wasn’t sure how to apply them to his own body. He mewled slightly at the feeling of her heat, slick, and his boyfriend’s cum around his cock. 

“Yeah, you’re bigger around but he’s longer,” she nodded. Slowly, her eyes drifted shut as the coil in her gut began to tighten again, signifying that she was close to her orgasm. 

“Cum with me, Harry,” She whispered, wrapping her arms around his neck as she got closer to her orgasm. 

“Right, yeah, okay,” Harry nodded, bringing his head down to rest on her collarbone. He gave a couple sharp thrusts and then felt cum explode from him as her walls clamped down around his cock. “Merlin, Hermione!”

Once they had both come down from their orgasmic highs, Ron handed her the wand she had discarded at the beginning. She cleaned them up with a few simple charms and slid under the covers. Ron and Harry followed, squeezing her in between them.

She opened her mouth to speak, her breath caught in her throat for just a moment. She needed them to know and persevered, “I love you.”

“I think that’s the first time that you’ve told us that,” Ron grinned wickedly.

“I love you too, Hermione,” Harry leaned down a bit and kissed her again. 

“We never want you to be that sad again,” Ron murmured, kissing the back of her neck and shoulder happily. “Maybe we can pretend none of this ever happened and go back to hiding it?”

“No. We need to just be together and prove everyone else wrong when they think things that are wrong,” she murmured, making a little less sense than she normally would due to her tiredness. She had had an emotional rollercoaster today.

The next morning, they were sitting in their normal place. Ron was next to Hermione that morning, looking over her shoulder at her copy of the Daily Prophet . Harry had just finished his toast when someone walked up behind him. 

“When is this little love potion going to wear off, slut?” Pansy asked, placing a hand on her hip.

“The only reason that you think I’m using a love potion is because I’m dating two people at once,” Hermione snapped, slamming the newspaper onto the table in front of her.

Pansy snorted, though it was obvious that she could feel the eyes of everyone in the Great Hall staring at the group to watch what happened. “Why else would two people love you?” she seethed.

“Because I have the personality of someone intelligent, as opposed to someone that has to bring her entourage everywhere just so that she feels like she’s stepping on those she views as beneath her. I’m not a filthy toad,” Hermione turned to the side, bringing Ron in for a quick kiss. She then kissed Harry, making sure that they both lasted long enough for everyone watching to really soak it in. She then grabbed her bag and mached out of the hall.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, polyamory, and minor LGBT-phobia

It wasn’t really a decision that they had made over a long period of time, more than something that was rushed out on the train there. They had been dating for almost six months and decided that now was finally the time that they were going to tell their parents and guardians. Hermione and Harry had both written letters to their respective guardians, and they were telling Ron’s parents in person later that night. 

It was early morning when they got the owls back from the night before. Harry stood with butterflies threatening to escape from him. He walked carefully over to Hedwig and removed the letter from her beak. He slit the top of the envelope open and then read over the handwriting covering the page.

 

Dear Harry, 

I wanted to first say thank you for trusting me with something this close and personal to you. I know from personal experience how hard it can be to share a relationship with the world- especially when you’re worried that people won’t take it too well. 

Secondly, I whole-heartedly accept your relationship. I understand that love comes in all forms, and if your form is with two of the most amazing people I have ever met, I will support you all day. This doesn’t mean that I’m not going to stop myself from trying to scare them away from my godson just out of protectiveness, however.

Much love and acceptance, Sirius Black

 

He felt a grin slip across his face as he read the note over and over again just to make sure that it was real. He turned around, the smile stretching his facial features so hard that his cheeks burned. “He accepts us, he’s okay with it!”

“That’s wonderful, Harry,” Hermione beamed. She got up and hugged her boyfriend, giving him a firm kiss on the cheek. 

“Two out of three, that’s promising,” Ron smiled nervously, tapping the table with his hands.

“Your parents are okay with this too, Mione?” Harry asked, his smile slipping slightly when he saw how nervous their boyfriend was. 

“Yeah. They said that they didn’t understand it and they didn’t think it was going to last, but as long as I’m safe and happy. They have the same kind of idea about my magic though, so I wasn’t too surprised,” Hermione shrugged as she went back to her seat. 

“I know that your parents will accept us too,” Harry reached over and gently squeezed his boyfriend’s hand. “They accepted Charlie coming out to them as asexual, didn’t they?”

“Yeah, but this is a little bit different,” Ron complained. 

“How so?” Hermione asked, placing her chin on her hand as she propped herself up with her elbow.

“Because I won’t only being telling them that I’m bisexual, but that I’m dating two people at once!” he exclaimed.

“It’ll be okay because those two people will be there to support you the whole time,” Harry assured him gently.

“If you say so, Harry,” Ron shook his head, moving long wisps of red hair in front of his face.

Later that night, they were gathered around the table with the rest of the family. Of course there were the absences of Bill, Charlie, and Percy. They had just finished with the dinner that Hermione, Ginny, and Molly had cooked together after the boys had been chased out for causing too many blunders. Hermione had to sit out halfway through when she mixed the wrong kinds of ingredients together. 

“Are we ready for cake?” Molly asked, her smile bright and cheery as she got up.

“Mum, I think we’re all about ready to explode from all of the food that you just gave us,” Fred shook his head.

“Yeah. Maybe that would be a better idea later,” Harry nodded, feeling moderately full but too nervous to eat anything else.

“Oh, alright,” She sighed, coming to sit back down in her seat next to her husband.

“Mum, Dad, I did have something that I wanted to tell you,” Ron began, clearing his throat to try and rid himself of the awkward nerves he had. 

“All three of us do,” Hermione said confidently as she took Ron’s hand in hers and gave him a reassuring squeeze underneath the table.

“And what would that be?” the plump woman asked, turning to them with her sunny disposition still on high. 

“Erm, well. You know how Charlie was asexual? Well, I’m kind of like him, except that I’m bisexual. I like both men and women,” Ron explained slowly.

“Hey same,” Ginny snorted.

“That means you can get laid by twice as many people,” Fred winked at him but quickly went quiet as Molly smacked the back of his head.

“We’re glad that you told us, dear. Thank you,” her eyes crinkled with love for her child.

“Well, that’s not all. Um, Hermione, Harry, and I are all dating. I’m dating each of them and they’re dating each other and me,” he explained. “I know that might be a bit complicated, but it makes us happy.”

“Oh, I see,” she nodded, her brows furrowing together.

“Are you sure that you can do that? It doesn’t count as cheating?” Arthur asked.

“No, it’s not cheating because we all consented to it,” she explained.

“Well, now that that’s over. Ginny, come and help me with the dishes. We’ll have cake a little bit closer to dinner,” Molly stood up and briskly began to collect plates from the table. The after dinner chaos began after that, with people tripping over each other as they tried to help and get out of the way simultaneously. 

Hermione caught both of her boyfriend’s hands and slowly brought them to the back door. They escaped into the quickly chilling night air, walking over the hills to where they normally played Quidditch on the slower days. She lowered them down next to the large bushes that hid them from the muggle town nearly a mile away. 

“We got presents for your birthday,” she smiled softly. She reached into her pocket and took out the present she had gotten for her boyfriend.

Harry smiled as he took it from her. He removed the wrappings and couldn’t hold back a laugh. She had gotten him another book, but this one was actually relevant to his interests. “Thank you, Mione. I’m sure I’ll read it eventually.”

“And if you don’t, I can just steal it back from you every now and again for some fun,” Hermione laughed with him, kissing his cheek.

“And this one is from me,” Ron passed the present from his own pocket over to Harry. “I know that it’s not much, but I thought that you would like it.”

Harry carefully unwrapped the gift, holding it up in front of him to see what it was. Ron cleared his throat, the tips of his ears turning a pretty pink color. “It’s a dream catcher. They’re a Muggle item that’s meant to keep away nightmares. I was talking to Sirius and apparently your mother liked them.”

The newly turned sixteen-year-old grabbed the front of his boyfriend’s shirt, bringing him in for a heat kiss. “Thank you so much,” he whispered breathlessly when they finally separated.

“We should probably get going, it’s getting dark,” Hermione said, standing from her spot already. “We just wanted to give you our presents in private. I think Ron needed a bit of time away from his family after telling them, too.”

“You know both of us so well,” Ron grinned, threading his fingers through hers for a moment. They moved so that Harry was in between them as they made their way back to the house. 

The rest of his birthday was wonderful, with cake and games late into the evening. He and Ron made their way up to his attic room around midnight and changed quickly. They cuddled up underneath the orange covers just long enough for them to start heating up the blanket and each other before the door to the bedroom opened.

“Who’s there?” Harry muttered, grabbing his glasses to slide them back on his face.

“It’s just me,” Hermione flushed. She closed the door, locked it with a spell, and then cast a silencing charm on the room. “I was thinking that maybe we could do something special for your birthday.”

“We haven’t done anything since the end of school last year,” Harry grinned as he sat up on the bed. The cold of his glasses rims sat heavy on his face. 

“Yes, well, today is special,” Hermione shrugged as she slid onto the bed. Both of her hands cupped Harry’s face and brought his lips to hers for a passionate kiss.

“Maybe I want to make the both of you feel good instead,” Harry said when they separated, both breathless. 

“I’m not going to object to that,” Ron said, removing his top. The next few minutes were consumed with fiery kisses between the boys as Hermione cast the birth control charms on herself and removed her clothes. She kissed Harry again as Ron shed the rest of his clothing and then the two naked teenagers made out as Harry finished removing his clothes.

“I forgot how much I liked seeing the both of you naked,” Harry breathed as he looked over them slowly.

“Well, we don’t exactly do this often,” she replied, moving some of her hair out of her face.

“Shame,” Ron murmured. He moved behind his girlfriend and grasped her ass with both of his hands. He then wrapped his arms around her waist and dumped her onto Harry’s lap.

Hermione giggled slightly in surprise, but moaned as she felt Harry’s cock against her clit. She leaned down and kissed him as Harry lifted her hips up with some help from Ron. He grasped the base of his cock, guiding the tip into her folds. He paused when he finally found her entrance, moving into the kiss. Hermione quickly sank down, taking the entire member deep inside of her. 

They both ended the kiss there, but pressed their foreheads together as they worked to get their breath back. When they finally had, Hermione gently pushed Harry down against the covers. She made sure to keep perfectly still as Ron crawled from behind her over to their boyfriend’s mouth.

Harry grasped the cock with one hand, rubbing his hand up and down the shaft a few times. He then leaned forward, taking the tip in between his lips. He ran his tongue over the slit, spreading the salty precum over his taste buds. 

Hermione began to raise her hips up into the air and then slam herself down onto Harry, rocking forward each time to stimulate her clit. One of her boyfriend’s hands moved to her hip, holding her as she did so. 

The other stayed focused on Ron, bringing his cock further into his mouth. He made sure to open his throat so that he could take the entire member. When he had, he let himself moan and swallow around it. Hermione had begun to move more fervently, obviously chasing her orgasm. Despite the rumors about women being incredibly hard to please, they found that when they let Hermione please herself by riding them she could cum at the drop of a hat.

“Shit, I’m so pent up,” Ron whispered. He had one hand threaded through the dark locks of his lover. He was pulling his cock out about an inch every time before he fucked back in. Harry had blown him several times and knew exactly what he needed to do to get his lover to climax. 

Harry swirled his tongue around Ron once and the ginger fucked deep enough into his throat that his boyfriend didn’t taste his cum. Harry was prepared for the sudden orgasm and easily swallowed all of it. What he wasn’t expecting was for Hermione to clamp down around his cock and orgasm on him.

“Shit, Mione,” he mewled, holding her waist with both hands once Ron pulled away from him. He fucked deep inside of her cunt and cummed deep inside of her. 

“I love it when you do that,” she whispered, collapsing down against his chest. They laid like that for a while as Ron cast the charms to clean them up and then cuddled up against them as well.



PROMPT (Continued):Harry runs out of the great hall and after having enough, Ron gets up to punch Malfoy then runs after Harry. Out of concern and knowing Harry is worrying everyone, especially Hermione, Ron finally corners Harry to talk and doesn't take no for an answer. He pulls Harry into an empty classroom, mentions how worried and upset Hermione is and how Harry's behavior is worrying him too and that is when Harry breaks down. Despite being taken aback, Ron comforts him by telling Harry, Malfoy doesn't deserve him and lists all the reasons why Harry is good enough and deserves to be in a relationship with someone better. Then Ron suddenly kisses Harry out of nowhere and tells him the reason he didn't speak to Harry was because he was in love with him and he hated seeing Harry in a toxic relationship. It was at that moment he realized how much he missed Ron and how much Harry enjoyed kissing him so he leans in and kisses him again. After snogging, Ron asks Harry to be his boyfriend and he accepts.

WARNINGS: Cheating, abusive relationships, and bullying

Harry had never been one to hide his sexuality from anyone. He had come out to his friends when he was thirteen, the day after he had his realization. Everyone else slowly found out from comments that he made or when he had spelled it out for them himself. Now no one in the entire castle was oblivious to the fact that the Chosen One preferred males to females, and most of them didn’t care. Despite the rest of the wizarding world being behind the times, they were just as progressive when it came to sexualtiy and gender as they were when it came to race.

He was currently in a relationship with one of the Slytherins that they had so detested and that everone guessed were the most likely to be homophobic. His relationship with Draco Malfoy had actually been a shock for most of the school, more than his sexuality. The two had despised each other from the very beginning so the idea of them being romantically intertwined wasn’t something that a lot of them had expected. Hermione and the rest of the Gryffindors had taken it as well as could be expected, and tried to be supportive. The only one of Harry’s closest friends that wasn’t able to cope with his new relationship was Ron. The redhead still despised Draco, and had accused Harry of sleeping with the enemy when he first found out. The two hadn’t spoken since.

Ron was currently walking down the hallways with a bundle of clothing and other shower supplies tucked underneath his arm. His mind was stewing with thoughts of his best friend, which of course led to the relationship Harry was ensnared in.

Rage boiled in his stomach as he thought about the way that the blond git dragged Harry around like he was nothing. Harry rarely got to do what he wanted to anymore and Draco was constantly putting him down. The idea of someone having the audacity to treat anyone -especially the ginger’s best friend- in that way made nausea creep up the back of his throat. 

He shook his head, trying to shake the thoughts off as well. He pressed his hand to the door of the prefect's bathroom and mumbled the password before he slipped in. He had just made it past the entryway when he stopped dead in his tracks.

Ron had only run into other people in the prefect’s bathroom every now and again, so he had been anticipating the possibility of coming back later in the back of his mind. What he wasn’t expecting, however, was the sight in front of him.

Two bodies were writhing together in the shallow end of the large tub in the middle of the floor, the bubble baths from the taps still gushing into the water. Ron spotted dark skin and hair underneath someone that was the stark contrast. He bit back a gasp as he realized that Draco Malfoy, the man that was supposedly dating his best friend, was fucking Blaize Zabini. Ron slowly backed out of the bathroom, eyes wide and his heart beating up in his throat.

He turned and bolted for the Gryffindor common room as soon as he had left the bathroom. He only had time to put his clothes and other supplies away from before the bell rang and he had to head down to the dungeons. The entire time that Professor Slughorn was lecturing them about their newest assignment, he couldn’t listen.

As soon as they were allowed to begin their potion making, he was out of his seat and over by Harry. He grabbed the other teen’s arm and tugged him over to the student store cupboard where he could walk without them being overheard. “Harry,” he breathed.

“Oh, so we’re talking now?” the other Gryffindor snapped, his brilliant green eyes narrowing at the other.

“Wha- oh come on,” Ron rolled his eyes. “You can’t really-” he stopped himself. He took a deep breath before he continued to deliver the message he needed to, “I need to tell you something important. I was going to the prefects bathroom during lunch and I saw Malfoy cheating on you.”

“Really? You’re going to start making shit up about my boyfriend?” Harry seethed. He wrenched his arm out of the ginger’s hold and glared menacingly at him. 

“I’m not making this up! He was balls deep in Zabini when I came in,” Ron hissed, looking out over the Ravenclaws and other Gryffindors in the classroom. 

“No, I’m not going to listen to you. You’ve been against our relationship since the very beginning and I guess you finally just can’t stand the idea of me being with him. I thought that you would be more open minded since you come from  pure-blood family and you don’t have bad muggle ideaslisms, but you’re just as closed off as my stupid aunt and uncle,” Harry was fuming mad as he pushed past Ron and back into the classroom.

The redhead rolled his eyes and returned back to his workstation. He was just about ready to give up on the other teenager, seeing as Harry couldn’t see the abuse that was right in front of him. 

The feeling of frustration was mutual in his best friend, not that Ron knew that. Harry was still angry at the redhead several days later. He had just been sad that his best friend wouldn’t talk to him until he had tried to break them up, but deep down he knew that Ron was probably just trying to look out for him in some sort of twisted way.

“Draco?” Harry called, knocking on the door to the abandoned classroom that and his boyfriend often met up in when they wanted to be alone. He grasped the doorknob and swung open the door, but gasped as soon as he saw the sight inside.

Draco was pressed against the wall, his wrists above his head and being held by a dark hand. Harry felt tears well up in his eyes as he saw Blaize’s teeth marring the soft, white flesh that he had thought were only for him.

“Harry!” Draco gasped, nudging the other Slytherin off of him. Draco tucked the mussed dress shirt back into his pants as he slowly walked towards his boyfriend. “This isn’t what you think, I promise.”

“Then what is it? Because to me it looks like Ron was right and you’re cheating on me,” he seethed, the fiery hot angry that had been stewing inside of him radically flipping on who it had been for. Mere moments ago it had been for Ron, but now all of it was being foisted off on his boyfriend. 

“You’re really going to listen to that stupid ginger? He hasn’t spoken to you since we got together,” Draco defended, reaching out for Harry. 

He had just managed to wrap his silky fingers around the taller teenager’s wrist when Harry yanked his arm away. “Maybe he was right for not wanting to talk to me! Especially if I was stupid enough to date you,” Harry whirled around and shoved his way through the door.

“Harry, love,” Draco called as he chased the other teenager a short way down the hall.

“NO! I’m done letting you tug me around and talk down to me. Have fun keeping your pureblood gene pool incestuously tiny,” he snarled as he continued to charge down the hall. He wiped at his face with his sleeve when he noticed that large tears were cascading down his cheeks.

When he got to the dorm rooms, he drew the drapes around his bed nearly hard enough to tear them and glued them there with a charm so that no one could disturb him. His heart had just been shattered into a million pieces. Not only had he lost his best friend months ago for a boyfriend he only had a small amount of feelings for, now his boyfriend had just betrayed him in one of the most despicable ways possible. 

The more time passed, the longer his depression seemed to stretch. He was barely scratching past his lessons and homework. He barely ate anything and never really spoke to anyone anymore. Each time that Harry felt like he might be okay, he was reminded of what happened by Draco making a comment to some of his friends loud enough for him to hear.

Harry was currently on his way to the Great Hall, desperate to get some food so that he could attempt to make his brain focus on the homework that was due that morning. He slid through the great, grand doors into the student-filled hall. His eyes immediately moved to the Slytherin table where he had been sitting for the last couple months.

Of course, his now ex-boyfriend took that as the perfect opportunity to grab Zabini’s tie and bring him for a long, grotesquely sensual kiss. 

Harry couldn’t stop the tears ebbing into his eyes as he hurriedly turned around and walked back the way he came. As soon as he had fled from the Hall, Ron stood up and marched to the blond. He pulled his fist back and punched Draco with all of his might.

Harry rushed from the school entirely and only stopped when he got to the edge of the lake, away from anyone else who may have been going for a morning walk. He collapsed in on himself, sobbing into his knees as his heart shattered all over again. 

“Harry! Harry!” someone called behind him. 

Harry just brought his legs up closer to his chest, unwilling to look at who had followed him in fear that it was someone who wanted to cause him more harm.

“Please,” Ron murmured as he sat down next to his ex-best friend. He gently touched the other teenager’s shoulder and felt his heart ache at the shuddering sob Harry let forth. 

“I need you to tell me what’s wrong. You’ve been worrying Hermione beyond her normal tizzy,” Ron pleaded softly. “You’ve been worrying all of us. Me especially.”

“Why would I be worrying anyone? No one cares about me. That much was proved when I found Blaize Zabini with his lips all over the man that was supposed to be my boyfriend.” Harry rasped out. “I thought, even though he treated me like shit and talked to me like I was the scum of the earth that maybe he loved me. He would tell me he loved me when he held me, and now I don’t even have that.”

“He doesn’t deserve you, he never did,” Ron said suddenly. He tossed his arm around his friend and brought him into a tight hug. “You’re an amazing person and you deserve to be treated like it. You’re funny, and kind, and charismatic, and smart, and witty, and fun to be around. Malfoy’s a git if he can’t see that long enough to keep his dick in his pants.”

“You really think so?” Harry laughed slightly. He wiped his cheek on his sleeve as he turned his face to the side to see the blond.

Ron fell silent after a small nod of affirmation. He paused before he grasped the back of Harry’s head and brought their lips in for a sweet kiss. It barely lasted a moment, and if he hadn’t heard the other teen gasp he wouldn’t have been sure it had happened at all.

“Why?” Harry rasped, confusion etched onto his features.

“B-because,” Ron looked down at his hands. “Because the whole reason that I hated Malfoy being with you so much was because I wanted to be with you. I thought that I would be okay, seeing you with someone else that you loved and loved you back, but then he didn’t love you. I just got so mad that I couldn’t even say anything.”

Harry’s features softened slightly. His heart throbbed with want and care. He hadn’t realized how much he had missed his best friend until Ron was sitting right next to him, spilling the contents of his mind out in front of them. “You really care about me that much?”

“Of course I do,” Ron replied with a small snort.

“Be my boyfriend,” Harry blurted suddenly.

“Wha- really? So soon after Malfoy?” the ginger teenager asked, bewildered.

“Draco and I hadn’t actually been dating for that long, so it’ll be like nothing really changed,” Harry shrugged. “I was clinging to the threads of a relationship that never should have happened.”

“I want to be your boyfriend. Through thick and thin, I want to know that you’re in good, safe hands,” Ron said excitedly, the brown eyes hidden under ginger hair lighting up with excitement.

Harry just laughed as he leaned in and kissed his new boyfriend again.



WARNINGS: Young kids dating, and mentioned homophobia

Tendrils of nervousness wrapped around his stomach and heart as he slowly walked through the crowds of people over to the one person he had been looking for. His lungs were heaving for air already at the mere thought of what he was about to do. He could feel his heart beating in his chest and his pulse on the back of his neck. His breath caught in his throat and he almost stumbled as he finally got through the crowds and reached his desired person. He reached out, grabbing the cuff of the other students.

“Harry!” Ron beamed widely as he turned around to see the other teenager.

“Hi, Ron,” Harry flushed darkly. His tongue turned to lead in his mouth for a moment, leaving them standing next to each other awkwardly.

“Did you want something? I was just headed to meet up with Hermione for classes,” Ron pointed behind him to where their other friend had already disappeared.

“Yeah, um, I did,” he nodded, his cheeks on fire. “Well, I wanted to ask you something, really. It’s kind of awkward and I don’t know how to say it without being weird.”

“Harry, we’re best mates. Nothing could really be weird between us,” Ron chuckled, hefting his bag up on his shoulder a bit more. 

The shorter of the two teens felt his heart sink down into his stomach. He was beginning to regret his decision to act on his crush, since he had just gotten the redhead back. What if he lost Ron again, but this time for good?

“Come on, just tell me. Nothing can be that bad,” the redhead gently punched his arm as he began to walk down the halls with the crowds of other students flowing around them. 

“Well, it might be that bad. Just, promise me that we’ll always be mates, no matter what,” Harry said seriously.

“Erm, okay. I promise. Nothing you could do would make me not want to hang out with you anymore. Even if I was being an ass earlier this year,” the smile on his face turned a little bitter, but Harry knew that the other teenager was pointing that anger at himself.

“Okay. So, do you remember when we were in the common room playing truth or dare with those candies? And then you told everyone that you were into some of the guys in our year?” Harry began, rubbing his hands together in front of him worriedly.

Ron’s ears turned nearly as red as his hair. “Yeah, I do. Vividly.”

“Well, I know that you didn’t get a date with your first choice, and you probably have someone else that you want to take, but I didn’t have anyone else in mind that I would want to take so I was wondering if you maybe wanted to go to the Yule Ball with me?” Harry rushed out all at once.

“Wait, you want me to go to the Yule Ball with you?” Ron asked, his eyes widening with the shock.

“Yeah,” Harry nodded.

“Like as your date? If not that’s fine, I just thought that maybe since you were talking about the other people that we were going to take, but if not I understand cause I guess that would be a bit weird-” Harry cut his best friend off before he could continue, bringing their lips together for a quick kiss.

It barely lasted a second, just their lips brushing against each other in passing.  Despite the lack of time spent together, it felt more right than almost anything else had for either teenager. They were now so enraptured with each other that they could barely even register the people around them staring.

“Woah. Okay,” Ron nodded. His eyelashes fluttered for a moment as his brain hurried to catch up with what just happened. “Does this mean that you do want me to come with you to the Yule Ball as your date?”

“Yeah, it does,” Harry grinned even wider as there didn't’ seem to be any disgust or anger from the redhead.

“Good, because I’d like that,” Ron nodded firmly. 

“Yeah, good,” Harry nodded back in reply. 

“I, erm, I have to get to class now,” Ron pointed behind him in the direction that Hermione had gone.

“Yeah, okay, I should get to class too,” Harry couldn’t stop the wide smile from spreading across his face. They took off in opposite directions, oblivious to the fuss that they had just caused with the spectators around them. 

The two weeks that they had left until the Yule Ball passed faster than either of them had expected. Things between them had involved a lot more awkward flirting and blushing than before, but they were basically the same. Hermione was back to being friends with them by the night that they were all getting dressed up, which was an added bonus.

Harry was currently waiting for his date at the base of the stairs leading up to their dorm rooms. He was dressed in muggle formal wear, which a lot of the students had decided to go with if they hadn’t come from pure-blood families. His suit fit exceptionally well since he had Hermione to help him transfigure it to the right size. 

 “You know, this is as close to the victorian era of Hogwarts as we’re ever going to get,” Hermione informed him. She had used a bit of product on her hair to dampen down the curls that normally hung from her in fizzy jumbles. They had smoothed out into singular ringlets that she had piled on top of her head and down her face.

“I’m not sure that I would want to be attending here during the Victorian Era,” Harry admitted truthfully. He had heard some rumors about how people like him and Ron were treated back then, even by Wizard culture and it sounded very unpleasant.

“Am I holding you up?” Ron asked, hurrying down the steps. He and Ginny had been holed up in the boys’ dormitory, removing the frills of the robes Ron had been sent by their mother with scissors.

“No, you’re right on time,” Harry grinned with a quick glance at the large clock hanging from one of the circular walls.

“For once,” Hermione snorted. She and Ginny quickly left the common room to meet up with their dates and be escorted to the carriages. They were mostly for show, so that each couple could make their way into the Great Hall and be announced, which was tradition and part of the tournament’s international bond growing process.

“Ginny and I tried our best to make them look a bit better, but of course they still look like I got them from my attic,” Ron sighed as he looked down at his clothes.

“I would take you to the ball with me in a potato sack,” he grinned. He gently lifted Ron’s chin down with his hand and pressed their lips together in a quick kiss.

“I had no idea you could be so romantic, Harry,” Ron’s ears tinged a bit pink. The other teenager didn’t say anything as they linked arms and quickly made their way out of the common room. No one else was there and the halls were basically deserted as they got down to the carriages. Harry and Ron had to wait for some time since the champions and their dates would be the last to arrive in the hall as a way of making a grand entrance.

“I’m a little nervous for the dancing part,” Ron admitted when the carriage finally jerked to life and they began to slowly roll back towards the school.

“Me too. I just barely learned how to dance and I kept stepping on Pavarti’s toes,” Harry winced.

“I wonder if any of the teachers will get mad at you and try and dance with me a lot tonight,” Ron mumbled into his hand. He had his elbow resting on the window of the carriage so that his face could rest near his palm.

“If they do then they can save it. If they wanted heterosexual couples only then they should have said so,” Harry nodded firmly. “And we only really have to dance for the first couple, and then we’ll be allowed to do whatever we want.”

“Good, I’m rubbish at dancing,” Ron and Harry both laughed, the nervousness slowly slipping away the longer they were together. They picked up a quick conversation until the carriage slowly rolled to a halt outside of the grand front doors of the school.

Harry got out first and offered an arm to his date, who gratefully took it. “Do you think everyone’s going to be staring at us when we come in?” the redhead whispered.

“Not with the dress that Fleur chose,” the other teenager shook his head with a small snort. They made it to the grand marble steps. They fell silent as they walked up them, through the small entry hallway and then into the Great Hall. 

Someone to the side announced them and they were ushered up some steps to an elevated table where they were seated across from each other for the meal portion of the dance. Hermione and Viktor were placed next to them. 

Things at the beginning of the dinner were quiet and awkward, but soon the tension was broken as people began to eat. The noise level steadily rose as people got more and more comfortable. Viktor started a conversation with the trio, letting them explain some of the mischief that they had gotten into their first couple years.

“You should have seen how livid Snape was when we got off with just detention for flying a car to school property,” Ron laughed. He had long since finished eating, and now they were just chatting with each other while they waited for the evening to commence.

“Or when he realized that I blew up someone’s cauldron with a firework but couldn’t do anything to prove it,” Harry grinned widely but kept his voice down.

Viktor laughed, but didn’t have a chance to reply as Dumbledore stood from the higher elevated table behind them and brought his hands up for silence. He went on about dancing and how it brought people together before he waved his hand over to the musicians, who began to play a beautiful classical piece. 

As they played, the tables cleared themselves away to one part of the room and the students all rose to hurry out of the way. The champions stood up quickly, being rushed down to the steadily expanding dance floor by the teachers.

“Are you ready for this?” Harry whispered as he looked into Ron’s eyes.

“If I waited until I was ready I never would have said yes to this,” he replied with one of his smiles that made his maybe-boyfriend’s heart melt. 

He placed his hand on Ron’s waist while Ron placed his hand on the other teenager’s shoulder. Harry brought his hand up like he was checking a watch and then took his lover’s other hand in his. They began to move around the dance floor to the beat of the music, moving like they had been taught.

“You haven’t stepped on my toes yet,” Ron noted.

“Don’t jinx me, there’s plenty of time left in the song,” he chuckled. The smile that grew on his face couldn’t have been mistaken for anything other than pure adoration. 

They whirled, swirled, moved in turn. Their eyes never moved away from the other’s face as they kept dancing and dancing as the notes lulled over them. Nothing could have been more right and they were both so excited to have the new relationship that they did.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content

They had only been dating for about two months, and while she was trying to be supportive of her friends, it was getting a bit excessive. Hermione looked up to see them nuzzling against each other, rubbing their noses together. She nearly gagged at the way that their eyes shone as they looked at each other, something that she would never understand.

The asexual teenager looked back down to her homework and tried to focus on the lengthy charms essay that she was trying to write, but the small giggles emitting from the chair next to her kept distracting her. Hermione was trying to help them both study, but they were still too enraptured in each other to be able to focus on anything but one another whenever they were within a yard of the other. 

She snapped her book closed when she heard another whisper followed by a giggle. She looked up and made sure that she caught Ron’s eyes directly. “I love you two so much, and I’m trying to be supportive. I’m so happy that the two of you are romantically and sexually attracted to each other, but Merlin knows that I’m not. So please, either sit in different chairs and focus on homework like you told me you were going to or get. A. Room.”

“I don’t think getting a room would be such a bad idea,” Harry chuckled, brushing his nose underneath Ron’s earlobe.

“You two better get going before I start jinxing you then. Or puking,” Hermione rolled her eyes and looked back down to the textbook in her lap.

Ron and Harry sprung out of the chair they had been cuddling in. Harry wove his fingers together with the other teenager’s as he quickly led him through the portrait hole. They didn’t have to go very far before they reached their desired room. The iron and stone door appeared in the hallway in between some of the larger portraits. 

Harry opened the door for his lover, letting Ron head in before him. The Room of the Requirement had made a small, bedroom-like situation. It was very similar to the attic bedroom that Ron slept in back home. Except for the fact that the floors and walls were stone, with a wooden ceiling above them. The bed was gold and red, as were the drapes around the window. 

“Now, do you want to do what I think you do in this room with me?” Harry asked. He slowly wrapped his arms around his lover’s waist, bringing them flush together.

“Harry, Merlin, you know I do,” Ron moved his head back so that it was resting on his lover’s shoulder. The older of the two moved their faces together, kissing him just as lovingly and tenderly as he always did. This kiss became a lot more heated than the ones that they had shared before did. Sure, they had stayed up late enough that they were the only ones in the common room and had some heavy petting, but this was different.

“I need you,” the redhead breathed when they finally had to seperate for air. 

“I need you more,” Harry’s cheeks were flushed and his lips were already swollen from the force they had been kissing each other with. Ron wrapped his hands around the other teenager’s robes so that they were traveling together through the small gap between the door and the bed. He fell back against the silky fabric of the sheets.

Harry slowly crawled onto the bed as Ron used his elbows to pull himself further and further back on the bed. They stopped when the redhead was laying back against the pillows and headboard. Harry leaned down and pulled him in for another passionate kiss. 

Their hands began to explore each other, with Harry’s mostly just resting on the back of Ron’s neck, his shoulders, and his pecs. The older wizard was a lot more adventurous about where he allowed his hands to roam. They first trailed down from Harry’s head to his shoulders, then down his chest to his stomach and around his waist. From them they moved up his hips and back to his shoulders from the other side.

“Are you sure that you want this to go farther than we’ve gone before?” Harry asked breathlessly when they had to pull apart once more.

“More than anything. I trust you and I love you, Harry,” Ron murmured, his eyes just fluttering open cutely. 

As soon as he had caught his breath Harry was kissing him again. The raven-haired teenager’s hands moved all over his body as quickly as they could. Towards the end of the kiss, they were both scrambling to get as much clothing off as they could. Harry was undoing the buttons on Ron’s dress shirt while the aforementioned redhead was tugging at his vest.

Harry pulled back, balling the fabric in his hands. He tugged up and with one fluid motion, removed the garment. He focused on undoing his own buttons before he slipped the dress shirt from his arms. His legs were close to Ron’s own as he sat on the redhead’s hips. Ron was able to pull himself up just enough to remove the shirt from underneath him. He tossed it to the side to join the rest of the garments.

The younger of the two leaned down for another kiss. This time, his hands trailed over all of the new skin that was exposed to him. They slowly moved down to his pants, pulling at the waistband for a moment.

“Merlin, Harry. The things that you can do with your tongue,” Ron breathed. He undid the buttons on his pants and began to wiggle them off. The other teenager grinned stupidly as he stood on the bed, removing his own pants and boxers as quickly as he could. He stopped them, his eyes drifting quickly up and down the pale teen before him.

“What do we do now?” he asked when he had his fill of drinking up the sight of his lover.

“Well, George and Fred taught me a couple charms for this kind of thing when I came out to them a couple of years ago,” he flushed darkly. He went on to explain what kind of things people did when two men had intercourse with each other. “Do you want to do that?”

“That may be a lot for our first time. Didn’t they also say that there are more than one ways to have sex?” Harry questioned, darkly flushed. 

“Yeah. Sex is just being intimate with someone else and bringing them to orgasm,” Ron nodded immediately. “Maybe we could just do something like jerk each other off?”

“I think I want to suck you off,” Harry blurted out, his cheeks tinging an even darker color of red.

He felt the embarrassment slip away from him a small bit as he saw the way that Ron’s cock jumped at the mere idea. The redhead nodded desperately as he spoke, “I really want that Harry. I’m so hard.”

“Lay back on the bed and I’ll try,” he replied,moving away from the pillows so that his boyfriend could take his place. Ron did as he was told, scrambling to lay back against the headboard with his hands on to the sides. Harry grasped his knees, moving them so that his feet were placed flat on the bed. The younger of the teens leaned down, placing one hand on the bed on one side of his lover’s hips. He used the other hand to grab the cock and bring it to his lips.

The raven-haired wizard slowly took more and more of the cock into his mouth, swallowing around it when he felt his salivary glands activate. Ron moaned and resisted bucking his cock further into his boyfriend’s mouth. His eyes fluttered close as Harry pressed his tongue to the bottom of the shaft, while swallowing the rest of it down his throat.

“Merlin, Harry!” Ron grasped the sheets behind him and around him as Harry began to hum. He pulled off of the cock slowly, dragging his tongue along the underside of the shaft as he went up. When he had fully pulled off, he licked over the tip and then wiggled his tongue in between the slit on the head. Seconds later, Ron’s cock twitched and began to spew pearly white cum over the spit-covered shaft.

“Did I do alright?” Harry asked when he watched the cock slowly deflate as he went flaccid.

“All right? That was amazing!” the redhead exclaimed. “Er, I don’t think I can do something like that after you did it to me. Can I just jerk you off?”

“Please,” Harry nodded. Until then, he had been able to avoid thinking about how painfully hard he was as he was giving his lover pleasure. Now, however, his cock ached with the need to cum.

Ron sat up, tucking his legs underneath him slightly. He wrapped one of his nimble hands around Harry’s thick cock, enclosing the base entirely in his hand. He slowly dragged his palm up, the fingers trailing slightly as they brought the foreskin up as well. He stopped when he reached the different color, running his thumb over the tip instead.

As Harry unleashed a strangled moan, Ron used his other hand to bring his lover’s lips on top of his. The redhead continued the movements of his hand as they made out with each other. Harry braced himself on Ron’s shoulder’s and pressed their foreheads together as he bucked up. He let out a small moan, shooting cum all over his lover’s hand.

When he had finally come down from the orgasmic high, he used his wand to quickly spell away the mess. He tugged Ron down onto the bed and promptly fell asleep.



WARNINGS: Sick character, illness, and breakout of illness

When Harry had first started attending Hogwarts, he assumed that their medicine would be better than the Muggle things that he was used to. In certain ways, he had found out that it was. There were magical afflictions that could be treated with the simple wave of a wand, and bones could be regrown and repaired with a simple potion. However, not a single person, neither muggle nor wizard, had been able to find a better treatment for the flu other than to let it run its course.

No one was sure who had been patient zero, but it was assumed that one of the first years had brought it with them from their Muggle family. After patient zero got there, it spread like a wildfire, infecting almost everyone in the school. 

Within the golden trio, they came down with it at different types and different levels of it. Hermione had already gotten this particular strand, however, and was the only one that had gone without getting it. Ron got it nearly at the very beginning since he had been helping Hagrid with some of the first years. He took it pretty well and was back on his feet a mere two days after he had to go to the hospital wing.

Harry had just caught the blasted sickness and was more ill than he had ever been in his life. He felt like his lower body was both freezing and boiling at the same time, creating an awkward point when it came to the blankets. He desperately craved the comfort of the blanket, but his skin felt like it could feel every molecule of fiber touching it each time he tried.

“Harry,” Hermione said breathlessly as she and Ron rushed past some of the other beds and reached his. “We heard that you had to come to the hospital wing in the middle of the night.”

“How are you feeling?” Ron asked, pulling a chair up to the bedside of his lover.

“Like shit,” Harry croaked out. He pushed himself up from the lying position and propped himself up against the back of the bed, which was some feet based on how lethargic and weak he felt.

“You look awful,” Hermone nodded in agreement. “Did Madam Pomfrey take your temperature?”

“No, she just left me here to boil to death,” he snapped, glaring at the other teenager.

“Hermione’s just worried about you, we both are,” Ron argued, his brows furrowing together with worry.

He knew that he shouldn’t have been taking his anger out on the people that he loved, but he was so full of resentment at missing the last Quidditch game of the year that he couldn’t keep his mouth closed. “Which is why you waited until after lunch to come and visit me?”

Against his better judgement, Ron rose to the bait. “You know her policies. She barely let us in during our lunch break since she thinks that we might catch it again. We came to visit you as soon as we could.”

“I’ve also brought you your homework from your morning classes,” Hermione placed a bag full of books, rolls of perfectly taken notes, and the materials to do the homework down on the ground next to his bed.

“Great, thanks, Hermione,” Harry said sarcastically.

“She’s just trying to do something nice, Harry,” Ron objected.

“Oh, yeah, because what I want right now is homework to do,” Harry snarled.

“I think I’m going to come back when you’ve learned how not to be an ass,” she picked up her own bag and quickly flounced out of the room.

Ron and Harry sat with each other in silence for the rest of the redhead’s lunch break. Ron reached out about halfway through the time and held Harry’s hand carefully. When the bell rang, he kissed his lover’s forehead and then hurried out of the room to go to his classes.

As it turned out, Harry had caught something else that another student was carrying. He turned into the first patient of nearly everyone who had grown up with Muggles in the entire school. Somehow, one of the first years had caught a disease that most wizard children got when they were under the age of five and it was spreading like a wildfire. The hospital wing quickly filled up with patients, and there was only so much that Madame Pomfrey could do by herself. Several of the other wizarding children that had gotten this when they were younger were now volunteering to help her during their breaks. 

Ron was sitting next to Harry’s bed, a sandwich half unwrapped on the bed in between them. The redhead was holding a bowl of soup in one hand and a spoon in the other. “Come on, Harry. I know that it doesn’t taste good, but you have to eat something.”

“I don’t want to eat anything because I can’t taste it,” he complained. “And it always feels like acid when it goes down my throat.”

“That’s apparently part of the upset stomach from the snot you’re swallowing,” Ron grimaced as he swallowed himself.

Harry made an upset noise, burrowing himself further in his blankets. He let out a small whimper as the little bit of energy that he had slowly faded out of him, so he could readjust himself at all. Ron huffed, placing the soup, with the spoon in it, down on the bedside table next to Harry’s bed. He placed his hands underneath Harry’s armpits and pulled him up so that he was upright. He plumped a few of the pillows behind him and then laid him back. “If you just ate, you would have more energy. I know that it sucks, but if you want your body to fight this then you’re going to have to suck it up,” he grabbed the bowl again.

The redhead dipped the spoon into the broth and pulled it up with a small amount of potatoes and chopped carrots inside. “Now, open your mouth,” he said.

“I’m not a child,” Harry seethed, opening his mouth to take the spoonful anyway. He used his lips to slide the food off the utensil while letting Ron remove it.

“You’re acting like a child,” he muttered under his breath. 

“I can feed myself,” he tried again once he had gotten a couple more spoonfuls of food.

“You can’t. I remember what it was like to be this sick, and I could barely do anything,” Ron replied.

They were both silent until the bowl of food was completely empty. Ron grabbed his sandwich and began to eat it just as Harry spoke up again. “I just… feel like I’m bothering you. I’m sick enough as it is and I’ve been making you get my homework for me for almost two weeks now. You come in here during all of your breaks to just sit with me or to help me do stupid things like eating. I can’t do anything for myself and people have to do everything for me. Do you know what it’s like to just lay on a bed everyday when I should be out practicing Quidditch and having the time of my life? It’s awful.”

Ron silenced another tirade of words by placing his lips on top of Harry’s. He made sure that it was a simple brush of skin-on-skin, nothing that would get them in trouble. “Shut it. You’re lucky that I put up with your bad moods all the time, and you’re going to owe me when you get better.”

“Owe you?” Harry scoffed.

“For coming in here and taking care of you while you yell at me, you massive prick,” Ron said cheerfully, knocking their shoulders together.

Harry fell silent, just letting his lover eat as his thoughts began to rush. He had been so wrapped up in the resentment over missing his last match and being stuck in the hospital while so ill that he hadn’t realized how awful he had been. “Ron…” he murmured, bringing his hand to rest on his boyfriend’s leg.

“Are you okay?” Ron asked, the concern nearly palpable in his voice.

“I wanted to say that I’m sorry for acting so poorly. You and Hermione have done nothing other than try to help me and I’ve just been awful.” He took an unsteady breath, grasping his hand a bit tighter. “I just wanted to apologize for not thanking you earlier for being nicer to you when you were trying to help me. I want to thank you now,” he brought their lips together for a slow kiss. “I love you.”

Ron beamed brighter than the sun. “Apology accepted. I love you too, Harry.”



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content

People around them were cheering and bouncing and grabbing each other as they celebrated. There was the smell of butterbeer and something stronger that they couldn’t place floating through the air. Harry felt a grin split across his face as he was shoved forward by the mass of bodies. He found the girl that he had been crushing on, quickly throwing his arms around her. He brought her in for a kiss, just going with the emotions and adrenaline crashing through his system. Luckily, the redhead seemed to feel the same thing for him as she kissed him back with passion. 

When they separated they were both out of breath and their lips were very kiss-swollen. Ginny glanced around them and saw that no one had spotted their embrace yet. She threaded her fingers together with Harry’s as she quickly let him through the portrait hole and down through the hallways of the school. She stopped when they reached the hallway that was slowly forming the stone and iron doors that were more than a little familiar. 

“Are we really going to do this?” Harry asked breathlessly. She had both of her hands balled up in his Quidditch robes as she backed him up to the bed. 

“Yes, we are,” she replied. “We’ve been dancing around each other the whole year and I’m sick of it. We’re going to have a nice time with our own little celebration,” Ginny quickly pushed him back onto the bed.

Harry moved back so that he was propped up against the pillows and backboard, looking at her expectantly. She crawled over the bed on her hands and knees. She tossed one leg casually over his hips so that she was straddling him. Their lips were then brought together again, both of them leaning in for it this time. 

Harry’s hands moved down behind her, grasping at her ass to bring her even closer to him. Her hands wove through his unruly locks, keeping them close together. He kept one hand firmly on her ass as he the other one moved around to her front, grasping at her breasts before it moved down to more intimate areas.

“You know what? Fuck snogging,” Ginny whispered. She pulled away from him so that she was kneeling around his thighs. She grasped at her robes and quickly removed them. Harry got the memo as soon as the clothing item hit the floor and began to tug at his own uniform, shedding each item in turn.

Once they were both in nothing more than their undergarments the kisses began again. They were passionate and uncoordinated, like they were trying to consume the other. Ginny’s hands wandered down his toned chest, which was just enough to have some muscle mass without anything being defined. She put her clothed cunt right on top of his cock and rocked on it, getting some pleasure from her clit.

“I thought you said fuck snogging?” Harry said breathlessly when they had to pull apart for air. 

“Part of sex is snogging,” she reminded him gently. She reached behind her and undid her bra, shedding it onto the floor with the rest of their clothes.

“Yeah, well, the next time I kiss you my cock is going to be inside of you,” Harry grabbed her wrists and flipped her over. Ginny was able to wrap her legs around his waist before he did so, maneuvering with him. She released him from her hold and quickly slid her panties off just as he shed his underwear.

“Wait, wait, just a second,” she bent over the bed and grabbed her wand from the pile of robes. She cast the birth control spell on herself as she returned back to him. 

Harry moved them around so that she was lying underneath him on her back. She had her arms splayed out above her head and her legs pressed together to taunt him. He had his hands on either side of her shoulders, and his knees the same way. “I like seeing you like this, under me,” he whispered. He leaned down and began to kiss her jaw down to her neck.

“It’s not going to happen often, Potter,” she teased, hooking one of her legs over his waist. She brought her hips up in such a way that his cock rubbed against her damp folds.

“You’re a tease,” he snickered, nipping at the skin between her neck and her clavicle. He moved his own hips so that the tip of his cock breached her folds. He ran the tip down so that it stimulated her clit a bit before he found her entrance. He slowly pushed in, earning a loud, long whine from her. “You okay?” he asked once he was fully seated inside of her.

“That was more than I was expecting,” she replied earnestly. “I never did this with Dean, so the only thing that I’ve had inside of me is my fingers,” she breathed.

“Well, now you can say that you’ve had Harry Potter’s cock inside of you,” he teased. He brought their lips together, letting her adjust to the new feeling of his member buried deep inside of her. Halfway through the kiss, she rolled her hips as a way of telling him that she was ready for more.

He slowly pulled out of her and then rocked back in. He made sure that he was going at a slow pace at the beginning, trying to remember the things that he had learned from the book Hermione had accidentally lent him. Ginny broke from the kiss the first time that he rocked fully back onto her. She tossed her head back against the pillows, splaying her wild red locks around like a mane.

“Are you okay?” he asked, though he was unable to stop the movements of his hips.

“Yeah. yeah, this feels amazing,” she nodded. Every time that he would rock fully into her she would move her hips up so that he was also pleasuring her clit. She began to moan louder and louder the longer than they were together, getting pleasure from the movement of his cock instead of just her clit.

“Shit, squeeze me like that again,” Harry gasped as he felt her walls clamp down around him after he began to speed up the pace. She did as she was told, clamping her cunt down around his cock whenever she rolled her hips forward. 

“I’m going to cum,” Harry warned.

“It’s okay, you can do that inside of me. I used that charm specifically because I want to know what that feels like,” she rambled, her eyes closed with pleasure. She brought their lips together as he fucked all the way inside of her. She began to move her hips against his body as she felt his cum spurt inside of her, painting her walls pearly white. 

She let out a loud moan, breaking their kiss early as her cunt clamped down around him as hard as she could and she cummed. She was breathing hard as they both came down from their orgasmic highs. Harry slowly removed his cock from inside of her, collapsing onto the bed beside her.

Ginny had just enough physical energy to cast a couple spells to clean them up. She pulled herself next to him, both of their heads resting against the pillows that the Room of Requirement had provided for them on the bed. She rolled to the side so that her cheek was pressed into his shoulder. They were silent for a while, and then the conversation about the game that they had just won came up.

It wasn’t the most romantic pillowtalk, but it was certainly the most them.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content

Their conversation was quickly brought to a stop as they both climbed through the portrait hole. They had been discussing something innocent enough, seeing as Harry was the Gryffindor Quidditch captain and Ginny was his co-captain. Apparently, to her over-protective brother their mere existence closer together than he liked was enough for suspicion.

“What were you two talking about? Where were you? Have you spent the entire time you were gone together?” were just a few of the questions that Ron bombarded them with as soon as they crossed into the common room.

“We weren’t doing anything that’s any of your business,” Ginny tried, crossing her arms protectively over her chest.

“So you were doing something private? Isn’t that a little suspicious?” he questioned, rising from his chair to get closer to them. 

“Ron, just let them be,” Hermione groaned, tossing her head back to roll her eyes as well.

“No! Hermione, I need to know what they’ve been doing because he could be hurting my little sister,” Ron snapped back at her. 

Ginny let out a frustrated noise, her eye twitching slightly. She turned to the side and balled Harry’s shirt into her fist. She used it as leverage to pull him down into a kiss. It was brief, but lasted long enough to get the message across to her brother. “We’re dating, Ron. That’s why we’re spending so much time together.”

“I suppose that’s better than Dean, since I know that Harry won’t hurt you,” the other redhead sighed, grimacing slightly as he looked over them.

The next day, the couple was walking quickly through the halls. Their fingers were interlocked like they now always were whenever they were together. They had only been hiding their relationship because neither of them were sure that Ron would be able to take it well. Ginny stopped just short of the Gryffindor dorm entrance and then turned them down a different hallway. She rushed past paintings and doorways until they reached the newly formed stone and iron doorway.

“Are you sure that you want to do this?” Harry breathed as she opened the door and dragged them inside. The room had created something that looked very similar to the way that their bedrooms were. It was circular, with a large heater in the middle and one bed pressed against the only flat wall.

“Well, we can’t even snog in the common room without Ron getting pissy at us, so I thought that this was the perfect solution. And I’m more than ready to go to the next level with you,” she smirked, catching his other hand in her own.

“This isn’t just the next level, this is all the way,” Harry whispered as he pressed his forehead to her’s.

“It’s not like we’re getting married or having a baby. It’s just sex,” she replied, a soft chuckle emitting from her lips. She was slowly stepping them backwards towards the bed.

“Have you had sex with Dean?” the older teenager raised an eyebrow at her.

“Perhaps. Is this going to be your first time?” Ginny asked. She released his hands and instead put both of her hands on his shoulders. She rubbed up and down to his pecs and then around to his neck as slowly as she could to make it sensual.

“It is, but I’m sure that it’ll be wonderful with you,” Harry surged forward and connected their lips together in a passionate class. She pushed them back onto the bed, moving with her lips plastered to her boyfriend’s until they were propped up against the pillows. When they pulled apart, they both nearly ripped their clothes off and tossed them to the ground around the bed and onto the bed itself. Harry ran his hands over every inch of skin that she exposed to him, with the exception of his cunt. 

“I’m going to ride you,” Ginny informed him easily after several more kisses and touches. Harry was unable to say anything or object to her plan as his cock was near painfully hard. She had already cast the birth control charm on herself as she grabbed his cock. She spread her legs over his hips, giving his cock access to her folds. 

The redhead inhaled sharply as she lined the head up with her entrance. She sat down and took the entire thing into herself all at once. “Ginny!” Harry moaned, his hands immediately reaching out to grab her hips. 

She leaned down to kiss him again as she began to move her hips up and down slowly. She created a rhythm where she would only remove him from her a few inches before taking the entire thing back in a couple times. In between the bursts of small bounces she would move her hips all the way up and then slowly move back down, shaking her hips to make him fit in her easier.

They began to move in time with each other, Harry bucking up into her quickly. He held her tight and moved with her every breath. Their lips quickly glued together in a passionate show of their love for one another. They were so entangled with the other that they cummed at the exact same time.



The guilt ate at him as he walked down the halls to try and get to breakfast. He had done what he normally did and pretended to be asleep until everyone else had cleared out so that he could get a little bit of extra time with his girlfriend. He had been spending almost all of his time with her, to the point where he had been ignoring her brother, his best friend. 

Harry slipped past all of the other people crowded around their tables to get where Ron was. Hermione had apparently already left to go and study with her own partner, who she hadn’t enlitened them on. “Ron!” the teenager called as he quickly hurried the rest of the way to the table and sat down.

“Harry,” Ron grinned widely. “Mate, I thought that I would miss you again. You don’t have practice today?”

“Not today,” Harry winced and began to internally berate himself. He and Ron still walked together to some of their classes, but they barely spent any time with each other anymore. 

“We don’t have classes today and Hermione is still off studying somewhere,” Ron rolled his eyes casually, grabbing another piece of toast.

“It’s with that person she’s dating, isn’t it?” Harry asked, loading his own plate up with food.

“Yeah, whoever they are,” Ron chuckled. “You’d think that she’d tell us who she was dating.”

“I can understand why she hasn’t, since we didn’t take her even going out with Viktor Krum very well.”

“I guess that’s true,” the redhead nodded. They fell into silence for a while, just eating the food that was piled on their plates. 

When they finished, Harry cleared his throat and dusted his hands off. “Ron, I was actually thinking that maybe we could spend the day together. I know that we haven’t really spent a lot of time together, so maybe we could hang out today?”

The way that the ginger’s eyes lit up with excitement nearly made Harry’s heart constrict with guilt. “Yeah, I’d love to!”

The conversation then turned to some of the homework that they had been given. They cleared out of the Great hall when the teachers told them to as some of the first years needed it for a specific club or lesson. They walked together down to the lake, joking and laughing for a while. 

Harry caught sight of a familiar redhead and felt his cheeks begin to burn with shame and another feeling he couldn’t quite place. After seeing his girlfriend, he began to find it harder and harder to pay attention to the things that Ron was telling him. His mind kept slipping back to the night before when they had spent intimate moments together.

He could almost feel the silky smoothness of her body against his hands. The feeling of her hair running through his fingers as her mouth clamped down around his cock. The way that she shifted and moaned whenever he bucked into her. 

“Harry?” Ron asked, punching his friend’s arm slightly to get him to snap out of his trance-like state. “Mate? Are you even listening.”

“No, sorry,” he winced, turning to face his friend a bit more.

“What’s on your mind then. You look like you could use someone to talk to,” Ron plopped himself down underneath the shade of their favorite tree, waiting for Harry to do the same.

After doing so, Harry began to pluck at the neatly enchanted grass next to his leg. “I’m not sure that it’s something that I can talk to you about.”

Ron’s brows furrowed together with concern, waiting for his friend to continue. “Well, maybe,” Harry finally conceded. “But you probably don’t want to hear about it.”

“Does it have to do with Ginny?” when his friend nodded, the ginger made a gagging face. “Mate, ew!”

Harry laughed, “I told you that you didn’t want to hear about it!” They both began laughing, the air around them calming significantly as Harry’s guilt ebbed away.

Once they had both calmed down, Ron grinned at his friend. “But seriously, mate. I’m glad for you. You and Ginny make a better couple than she did with Dean. I know that you won’t hurt her.”

“Thanks, Ron. Your approval does actually mean a lot to me,” Harry smiled back at his friend.



PROMPT (Continued): Harry understands and tells her he will give her space but asks her not to be mad at Ron because he felt just as bad that them getting together hurt Hermione. Harry grasps her hand comfortingly and walks over to Ron, who was sitting on the other side of the courtyard waiting for Harry. He wraps his arms around his new boyfriend and rests his head on Ron's shoulders then tells Ron miserably no luck with Hermione and she's still mad at Ron and Harry expresses his frustration that his new boyfriend did nothing wrong and if anyone, she should be mad at Harry. Ron tells him to give Hermione time and she'll come around he then kisses Harry and they spend the next few minutes snogging each other and Harry's mind was wiped blank and no longer thinking of Hermione. Ron abruptly takes Harry hand and leads him to an empty classroom, away from the public eye.

WARNINGS: Mentions of homophobia, mentioned/implied sexual content

Everyone in the school had handled the new relationship and revelations about them pretty well. Harry was expecting some homophobia from the Slytherins at least, but they stuck to making fun of him just like they had before. If anything, it was the person that he had chosen to date that they made fun of him for and not the gender of said person. The only person that they had been expecting to take their relationship well that hadn’t was Hermione.

Harry had just barely caught sight of her in the mostly empty common room. Before the relationship, he used to spend this free period with her. They would work on their homework and study in absolute silence. She had been distancing herself from her friends since the kiss and relationship had developed, and it was tearing them both apart. 

“Hermione!” he shouted, pushing himself up off  the floor. He had been sitting in front of the low coffee table, trying to get some of his work done. “Wait,” he caught her wrist in his hand just before she had time to escape up the stairs.

“Harry,” she turned to face him slowly.

“Why have you been avoiding us? Have we done something wrong?” Harry asked worriedly.

“No, it’s nothing-” she started, but the other teenager cut her off.

“Does it have to do with me and Ron being together?”

“N-no, I’m happy for the two of you really,” she clutched her books tightly to her chest. Her gaze looked everywhere but him. “I promise that I am. I-I just can’t be happy for Ron. I know that you deserve love and someone to support you after all you’ve been through, so it’s not like I’m going to actively try and break you up or cause problems. I can’t even be friends with him anymore.”

“What? Hermione, why?” Harry asked. “If you’re mad at him, don’t be. I was the one that kissed him when he came up to me after the Quidditch finally. If you want to feel mad at someone about this then it should be me.”

“Ron led me on, okay? I thought that he had feelings for me and that it would be possible for me to be happy with someone. And then he starts snogging you out of nowhere and I’m left all alone,” she sniffled, her eyes already filled with tears. “I-I just need some space from you both. I hope that you can understand.” She took a couple steps towards him and pressed a kiss to his cheek. 

“Because of how he led me on, I’m ust struggling to accept that he’s gay and I won’t have a chance with him at all,” her shoulders hunched forward to accentuate her hurt. I can’t be mad at you, but the relationship that you have is one that I always wanted. Now I have to watch my best friend and crush be together while knowing that I can never have that.”

“I’m sorry, Hermione,” he grasped her hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “I’ll give you space, let you work it out yourself. Please just don’t be mad at Ron for our relationship.”

Harry let her leave up to the girl’s dormitory. He spent the rest of his free period in deep thought.  He could barely focus through the rest of his classes and nearly ran into several people on the way to the courtyard where he was going to meet his boyfriend. 

The redhead smiled comfortingly, reaching a hand out as he saw his lover drawing closer. Harry sat heavily on the stone bench beside him, weaving their fingers together intimately. The younger teenager placed his head on his lover’s shoulder as he began speaking, “I talked with Hermione today.”

“No luck?” he asked softly. 

“It’s so infuriating! She said that she was mad at you because you led her on, but you couldn’t have because you’re gay!” Harry complained. “And if she needs to be mad at someone about their relationship then she should be mad at me because I was the one that kissed you and confessed to you in the first place!”

“Just give her time. Hermione and I fight with each other all the time, so this is just another bump in the road. She’ll come round,” Ron rubbed his thumb over the other teenager’s hand.

“I suppose,” Harry muttered, making sure that his eyes were cast away from both his boyfriend and the other students that were quickly filtering out of the courtyard.

Upon seeing his lover so distracted and upset, Ron quickly came up with an idea to snap him out of his funk. He grasped his boyfriend’s chin and brought him in for a passionate kiss.

All of the thoughts that had been swirling around in his mind vanished as his lips began to match up with his lover’s. They pulled and tugged at each other, hands roaming over bodies as they melded together as much as two humans could. “Let’s go somewhere a bit more private, yeah? I want to keep distracting you,” Ron whispered with a small laugh when they had to pull apart.

Harry nodded and quickly followed after his lover, excited to forget about all of his worries in a more serious way.



WARNINGS: Implied underage sex, birth control failure, accidental pregnancy, teenage pregnancy, bullying, harassment, pregnancy, mpreg, and vague birth

The two teenagers continued down the hall at a hurried pace. They were both deeply worried for their friend, who had told them to meet him after school. Normally, when they had something secretive to talk about they just whispered to each other in the common room. The fact that he wanted to do it away from any other people concerned them more than his behavior for the past couple weeks had. 

“Harry?” Ron’s voice was soft and tender as he knocked on the door to the empty classroom. He slipped inside as soon as he heard the shakey reply coming from his boyfriend. Hemione followed close behind him, shutting the door part way so that they could be seen as she did so. 

“Is something the matter?” the girl asked, looking between the two boys with wide, confused eyes. 

“Yes, something is the matter,” Harry snapped. He was sitting on top of an old desk. His hair was more of a mess than normal and he looked even paler than he had all week. 

“Love, what’s wrong? We’re just worried about you,” Ron soothed. He walked close to his boyfriend and placed a comforting hand on his thigh. 

Harry stared down at the appendage like it would attack him any second, adding to his peculiar behavior. He took in a couple of shaky breaths before his lips seemed to move on their own, “I’m pregnant.”

“What?” Hermione gasped, one hand flying to her mouth in a desperate attempt to cover her surprise. 

Ron was frozen, his eyes wide and shocked. He blinked a few times as he looked over his boyfriend. He seemed to be searching for any kind of physical change, like the life inside of his boyfriend was a body-altering disease.

“Are you mad?” Harry whispered, desperately trying to swallow down the bile that was rising in the back of his throat from his nerves.

“Not mad,” Ron choked out. He wasn’t able to say anything else, and just wrapped his arms around the other man. Harry grasped his robes tightly to prevent Ron from pulling away now that he was here. He buried his face into his boyfriend’s neck as the tears bubbled out of his chest. Hermione had walked to his other side and was slowly rubbing circles on his back to try and soothe him. 

The sobs wracked through his body. Tears rushed down his face, seeming to never stop flowing from his bright green eyes. The force of his cries caused his entire body to shiver. He was inhaling breaths like he had been drowning. His vocal cords ached with how loud his sobs were becoming.

“I’ve got you, Harry,” Ron tried to sooth. He was slowly rocking them as he desperately tried to get his boyfriend calmed down. “It’s okay. We’ll figure this out.”

When the raven-haired teenager had finally calmed down, he wiped at his face with the sleeve of his robe. He sniffled slightly and stared at the floor in front of him as he didn’t dare meet the eyes of his boyfriend and best friend. Ron threaded their fingers together gently. He used his other hand to tilt Harry’s eyes up to meet his own. “Are you really pregnant?”

“Yeah… I’m sorry. I know that we didn’t mean for this to happen, but I guess one of the charms didn’t work as well as I thought it would,” he sighed.

“How did you find out?” Hermione asked softly. She had already reached into her bag to perform one of the charms that they had used in their mandatory health class.

“I used the charm when I started feeling sick in the mornings. I could barely even stand the thought of eating anything until after noon,” Harry explained.

“I did notice that your appetite was going down, but I figured that it was just stress or one of those phases,” Ron whispered. He wrapped one arm around his lover and brought Harry almost impossibly close to him.

“Can I try the charm one more time to make sure that it’s true?” Hermione asked. She had her hand in her bag, wrapped firmly around the base of her wand. Harry only nodded instead of replying.

The female teenager removed her wand from her bagn and pointed it at his stomach. She said a couple of magic words and did the motions. The trio watched the smoke pour out of her wand and swirl around his belly for a moment. Slowly, it turned into a bright pink cloud. 

“That means pregnant, right?” Harry asked, his voice heavy. Hermione only nodded as she tucked her wand away. 

“Well, what are we going to do?” Ron asked after what seemed like an eon of silence hanging over them. “I don’t like the idea of an abortion, but it’s your body, Harry.”

“I’m not going to give up what might be my only chance at having a family,” Harry said, his arms immediately wrapped tightly around his abdomen. “You… you don’t have to stick around if you don’t want to. I don’t want to give the baby up for adoption once their born and I’m not getting an abortion, which means I want to be a parent.”

“Are you sure, Harry?” Hermione asked, her brows furrowing together. “No one is going to judge you if you give the baby away. We’re all really young and having a child is a big responsibility.”

“No. I want the baby to know that I love them. I grew up thinking that my parents didn’t love me and I don’t want my child to feel like that,” Harry shook his head. He glanced towards his redheaded lover nervously.

“I’m with you every step of the way, Harry,” Ron immediately soothed. Harry beamed and turned to the side, despite having been bawling his eyes out less than five minutes ago he was now overflowing with joy. He gently brought his lips to Ron’s, but kept it brief and simple so that they didn’t make Hermione feel awkward.

“Speaking of steps,” the witch said. She opened her bag and pulled out some supplies. Hermione placed a piece of paper down on the table and then dipped her quill into her pretty lavender ink. “We should make a list about the kinds of things that will need to be done now that we know about the baby.”

“Like what?” Ron asked.

“Well, telling the teachers, doing research about children, having Harry get check-ups with Madame Pomfrey,” she listed.

“I think that the first thing we should do is talk to Professor Dumbledore. Ron and I can get an appointment to speak with him through Professor McGonagall tomorrow,” Harry explained. “We should wait and see what happens after that. I don’t want to make any expectations if they decide that I need to be expelled.”

“I don’t think that they’ll expell you. Then again, I’m not sure that anything like this has ever happened at Hogwarts before,” Hemione wrapped up the parchment and put her quill and ink away. When her bag was back together, she stood up and announced, “I’m going to go to the library and do some research.”

Both boys let her leave the classroom in a hurry. They knew their friend well enough to know that once she got an idea like that in her head there was simply no getting her off of it. Ron turned back to his lover, “If you want, we could go talk to Professor McGongall now instead of tomorrow. I kind of want to get all of this over with sooner rather than later.”

“That would probably be a good idea. That way Hermione doesn’t try to talk us out of getting in trouble or just hiding the entire thing with magic,” Harry chuckled weakly. He slid off of the desk and took a moment to brace with the bit of headrush that he was getting. On top of his morning sickness, he had severe dizziness that had been impacting his ability to perform normally during Quidditch practices.

Ron gave his hand a reassuring squeeze. Slowly, they continued down the hall to try and get to the teacher’s office. They didn’t notice that someone had been listening behind the door.

When they arrived at the teacher’s office, they were both relieved and nervous about the fact that she was still grading. Harry raised his hand and knocked on the door, waiting for his cue to enter. When she called for them to come in, they did so both quickly and slowly.

“Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley,” she greeted, looking up at them over her spectacles. “Is there a problem?”

“Well, sort of, professor,” Harry began. He could feel his heart racing a million times a minute, feeling almost like a trapped bird in his ribcage. 

“Oh?” she put the piece of parchment in her hand back down onto her desk.

“We need a meeting with Professor Dumbledore,” Ron finished for his boyfriend. “It’s nothing to do with a conspiracy or a plot against the school or anything like that. We just have something personal that we need to tell him about.”

“You’re lucky that you came to me when you did. He’s just told me that he’s free to see the students that need to see him, and you’re the first two that have come to ask me,” she said sternly. She rose from her chair and then gracefully moved around her desk. The two teenagers followed after her as she led them through the halls.

The duo quickly found themselves standing in front of a grand desk in the center of a circular room. Ron was still holding Harry’s hand, terrified that something bad would happen if he let his lover go. They didn’t have to wait too long as their headmaster appeared out of seemingly nowhere and walked to his desk.

“What did the two of you want to speak with me about?” he asked, sitting heavily in the chair behind the desk.

“Well, sir,” Harry swallowed harshly. “I’m, erm, I’m pregnant.”

“I should have guessed that this would have happened again sooner or later,” the headmaster said after a moment of terrifying silence. “I assume that Mr. Weasley is the father.”

“Sir, please don’t expell Harry!” Ron said before he had a chance to continue. “I know that we both should have been more careful, but it was an honest accident and neither of us really knew that this would happen.”

“Mr. Weasley, please calm down,” he chuckled, moving his hands in a shushing motion. “I have no plans of expelling Mr. Potter, especially now that he is with child. We are on the brink of war, and sending him away from Hogwarts would be the most foolish thing that I have ever done in all of my years of living.”

“But, Professor, we want to keep the baby,” Harry spoke up, swallowing the bile building in the back of his throat again.

“I expected as much, given the history of you both. I assume that you have already educated yourself on the risks of teenage pregnancy, Mr. Potter?” Dumbeedore asked. 

“Yes, sir,” he nodded. “I also know that raising a child won’t be easy, but I’m prepared to do it.”

“I’ll have to write to both of your families and inform them of what has happened. I will also have to inform the rest of the staff about your pregnancy. I understand that you wish to continue your studies despite the child?” he asked.

“Yes,” Harry nodded simply. Ron had gone white as he realized that his mother and father were going to have to learn about his child, and he would most likely be getting a howler about it. 

“Most of the potions and spells performed in DADA are not safe for expectant people to be around, so you’re going to have to take potions and Defensive Against the Dark Arts in a study only form, which means that professors Slughorn and Snape will give you assignments and passages from several books to go over instead of your normal lessons. I’ll have to look over your schedule again to see if anything else could be a potential risk,” Dumbledor went on. 

The duo stayed in his office for a while longer until they were finally dismissed to go back to the dorm rooms. The halls were basically empty, with the exception of Hermione who they met halfway back to the tower. The duo swapped their story with hers and learned all about what she had learned about pregnancies in the school beforehand.

Their biggest surprise with the pregnancy was what happened the next morning. Harry had slept in later than he meant to, which was another symptom. This meant that the trio was late heading down to breakfast and most of the school was already gathered together in the Great Hall. 

As the trio entered, the entire hall went dead silent for a moment before hushed whispers sprang up within all of their friend groups. The Slytherin table were all laughing with each other, some of them even going as far as to point at Harry while they laughed.

The pregnant teenager rushed over to his normal table, his face almost as bright red as his lover’s hair. He sat down and buried his face into his arms like that would allow him to hide from everyone’s stares and whispers. Ron sat down next to him and then Hermone across from the duo. “What’s going on?” she asked, looking around at the huddled groups that were looking at them.

“Apparently there’s a rumor going around school that Harry got knocked up,” Fred replied as if it were the most casual thing in the world. 

Both Ron and Harry blanched as they realized that their secret had been spread around the entire school within less than twenty four hours of Harry revealing it to anyone. The rest of the Gryffindors sitting around them seemed to realize that it was true, as up until that point they hadn’t believed the rumor. 

“You’re kidding me,” Seamus deadpanned.

“Ron, Mum is so going to kill you,” George snorted, eyes wide with shock.

“I’m going to be sick,” Harry whispered as a chorus of other astonished voices joined the other two. He grabbed his back and rushed out of the room. He found the nearest bathroom and fell to his knees in front of a toilet, vomiting up the bile in his stomach.The door opened a moment later as Ron rushed in behind his lover. 

“You okay?” the redhead asked softly, his hand rubbing soothing circles on his lover’s back. Harry just shook his head and kept puking. When he finished, Ron handed him a small piece of toilet paper to wipe his mouth off. “I didn’t know that everyone found out, and I have no idea how they found out,” he explained.

He carefully helped his lover to his feet and then let Harry rinse his mouth out with some of the water from the tap. “I bet that it was Malfoy. He seemed to be on a role when it comes to ruining my life this year,” Harry said hoarsely. 

“Who knows. But this way we don’t have to tell anyone, right?” Ron tried, giving him a shaky smile.

“I ws kind of hoping that no one other than you and Hermione would have to know,” Harry muttered, looking at himself in the mirror for a moment. 

“Well, everyone will forget soon enough. Can I take you to go and see Madame Pomfrey? Hermione mentioned something about a morning sickness tonic the other night,” Ron threaded their fingers together carefully. Harry nodded and allowed his boyfriend to bring him to the hospital wing. 

None of the students in the school seemed to have forgotten that he was pregnant, despite how much Hermione insisted that this would blow over the next time that something big happened. Fred and George had even tried to pull a few of their largest pranks yet just to bring the attention away from their lover. Harry was slowly growing more and more used to the stares and whispers that followed him through the halls and during meals. A few times, he had managed to sneak some food back to the common room so that he could eat in peace with his boyfriend. 

The tonics ended up helping immensely, so Harry took one every morning and then again whenever he felt like he was about to be sick. He was able to continue to go to his normal classes, but spent the ones that were now too dangerous for him in the library so that he had access to the texts that the teachers were giving him. 

However, the slight peace that he had earned himself through hard work wouldn’t last forever. He managed to go almost three months without too much of an incident. Graduation was just barely out of their reach, just a month away. Hermione made them spend most of their nights studying which helped him keep his mind off of the life growing inside of him.

One day while he was heading back to the library after lunch, he was cornered by Draco Malfoy and his goons. The blond took a couple of careful steps towards Harry while Crabbe and Goyle both lunged toward the other teenager. He had made a move to dodge them and run down the hall, but the bump was causing him issues so instead they caught his arms and pinned him against the wall.

“Potter, Potter, Potter,” Draco tutted, shaking his head as he got closer and closer. “You’re so lucky that Dumbledore picked you as his favorite student at this school or else you would be out on the streets with no one other than that freak baby of yours. I mean, how could anyone stoop so low as to let a Weasley shag them?”

“Let me go,” Harry panicked, trying his best to pull at the arms holding him. Even though his morning sickness had ebbed away thanks to the tonics and him breaching into the second trimester, that didn’t mean he wasn’t having any pregnancy symptoms. He had found that the exhaustion was now amplified tenfold and he could barely stay awake without taking a nap around noon. He had also grown significantly weaker, not that he had been strong in the first place.

“No, I don’t think that we will,” the blond sneered. “I would have thought better of the Great Harry Potter. But no, you’re just some dumb slut that thinks he can get a headstart on becoming someone’s broodmare.”

“What is wrong with you? Just let me go!” Harry desperately tried to pull his arms away from the goons holding him. He had been uncomfortable enough that day with another bout of bloating that would surely end in his robes not being big enough for him again. He was showing quite a bit now, but the robes were the only thing hiding it now.

“Perhaps we should kill the baby just to make sure that you can’t create your own team to try and oppose Voldemort. Is that what you’re doing, Potter? You know that he’ll bet you, so you’re going to create your own army from your womb because everyone knows better than to follow you,” Draco sneered. He gripped his wand in one hand and pointed it at the other student.

“What in Merlin’s name is going on here?” the voice of Minerva McGonagall rang down the hall like a saving grace sent from the heavens themselves.

Crabbe and Goyle dropped him unceremoniously down to the ground. Harry used one of his arms to brace himself as he fell, while the other was still tightly wrapped around his swollen middle.

“Nothing, Professor,” Draco tried, but she had already seen too much. 

“I’m going to take four hundred fifty points from Slytherin for this,” she looked between the three students. “One hundred fifty from each of you. Go wait outside of my office while I help undo the damage that you may have done to Mr. Potter. And when I’m done with you, you’ll have a lot more to worry about that facing Snape,” she snarled.

Harry had never seen Draco look as terrified as he did now. They all scampered off down the hall, trying to go as quickly as they could to get away from the threats of the teacher. McGonagall reached down and gently helped Harry up, worry now replacing the anger on her face. “Why didn’t you defend yourself? It would have been understandable given your condition, Mr. Potter.”

“I didn’t have time to get my wand out. I’m not as quick as I used to be,” he flushed slightly. The pregnancy had come with fatigue, especially now that he was rapidly growing the infant inside of him. This fatigue meant that not only was he tired, but his reflexes had slowed significantly.

“I see,” she nodded. She began to walk down the hall at his pace, which was close enough to a waddle now that he was heavily into his fifth month. “I’m going to make a mandate that you must be accompanied when you walk down the halls then. Whether that is a teacher or one of your peers, is up to you.”

“Thank you, professor,” Harry smiled shyly.

“Yes, well, I know what it’s like to have your children hurt. I would never wish that upon anyone, especially someone like you,” she opened the door to the hospital wing when they finally reached it. 

Harry turned to ask the teacher what she meant, but thought better of it and closed his mouth. Upon seeing him, Madame Pomfrey nearly had a heart attack as she thought that something awful had happened. She busied over to them and immediately got Harry onto a bed with curtains around him. She checked over him with nearly a hundred spells, making sure that both he and the baby were alright. 

The worried Healer ended up keeping him overnight, and let Ron sleep in the same bed as him as long as she had their explicit promise that they wouldn’t do anything other than sleep.

Nothing else happened with his pregnancy until after they had graduated. Both he and Ron were living in the Burrow with the redhead’s parents. Molly hadn’t been happy to know that her first grandbaby would be coming from teenage parents, but that didn’t stop her from being overjoyed at the idea of being a grandmother in the first place. 

Harry was currently with his boyfriend in their attic bedroom, which had been redecorated to suit both of their tastes. Ron was still working on saving up enough money to get them their own flat, so that they could raise the abby together. Once their child was old enough, Harry would be able to work as well and they would be able to support their little family. The pregnant wizard was leaning back against the pillows on the bed, one hand resting limp next to him while the other rested on the bare skin of his belly.

Ron was kneeling on the bed in between his lover’s open legs, pressing small kisses to his belly. Both of his hands were resting on either side of the mound, holding the stomach. In between each of the kisses, he murmured little promises to their unborn baby.

They both stilled as a little bit of motion echoed past the muscle and skin of the bump, reaching all the way to Ron’s right hand. “Wa-was that?” the redhead asked, looking up with wide eyes. 

“Yeah. They kicked!” Harry grinned widely.

“That’s-that’s amazing! I haven’t been able to feel them for almost a month when you could, this is so amazing!” Ron beamed brightly. He leaned down next to the bump and pressed his forehead to the area just underneath where Harry’s hand was resting. “Hi baby, I’m your daddy. I know that you’ve been favoring your Papa for quite some time, but I’m happy you finally reached out to let me feel you too. I love you so much and I can’t wait for you to get here so that I can meet you.”

“Ron,” Harry said, his voice warbling slightly with the tears clinging to his lashes.

“Love, I didn’t mean to make you cry,” he laughed worriedly. Ron moved one of his hands quickly to the back of his lover’s head and brought their foreheads together. Harry moved his hand down a little bit so that it was resting on top of the place where their baby had kicked. Ron placed his free hand over his lover’s and smiled as they got another little movement from their child. “I love you both so much.”

“I love you. I’m so glad that you decided to stay with me,” he grinned as wide as he could, until his cheeks ached.

Harry went into labor when he was a week premature. The baby was fully developed to the point where they could still bring them home, of course, but it was a little scary. He had been uncomfortable all day when the contractions started. He had barely been in active labor for a couple hours by the time that his water broke all over the kitchen tile.

Mrs. Weasley had been prepared for the labor, however. She was able to get him comfortable with his boyfriend in another one of the now spare bedrooms as she got the midwife to the burrow. They had some difficulty finding one that would be willing to deliver Harry’s baby, and even more finding one that was trusted and safe on top of that. The woman that they had found was stout and kind, almost an exact duplicate of Mrs. Weasley if she had been about fifty years older.

Harry labored for five hours actively after his water had broken. Ron stayed with him the entire time, helping him walk around and rock to help with the pressure. He stayed throughout the entire birthing process, even when Harry held his hand so tight that he broke two of his fingers. He kept kissing Harry’s forehead and praising him as he pushed, even as his boyfriend swore at him and the whole world for putting him in this much pain. 

Their baby was born just as the sun began to creep into the windows on a hot summer’s day. Harry was allowed to have them lay on his chest the moment that they slipped into the world for too little time, in his opinion, before Mrs. Weasley whisked them away to be cleaned. Harry was cleaned up and moved to their bedroom before they both saw their child again.

“She’s a girl, just as healthy and strong as the both of you,” Mrs. Weasley chuckled when she walked into the bedroom with a screaming bundle in her arms. 

The baby settled down immediately after being placed into her mother’s arms. Harry was immediately entranced by her face just as he had been when she was first born. The bath had made her a bit more red, and less the slimy blue color that she had been. Her head was still elongated and she barely had any hair, but none of that mattered to the new parents. 

“She’s beautiful, Harry. Look at what we made,” Ron murmured. He moved his hand down to touch the downy locks on her head.

“I know,” Harry whispered. He sat up just enough to remove his shirt and then brought her to his nipple. She latched on and began to suckle eagerly for her first meal. 

“What should we name her?” Ron asked softly. 

“I think…” Harry trailed off as he thought. He desperately wanted to name his baby after one of his parents, but giving her something so large to live up to her when she had barely been alive for an hour seemed cruel. Instead, he would name her something close to what his mother had been named. “Poppy. My grandmother named both of her daughters after flowers.”

“Poppy is perfect for her, Harry,” Ron brought their lips together in a quick kiss. Their daughter was cuddled close to them, and for just a minute they could pretend like the war around them never happened and they hadn’t had her so young. For just a moment, they could pretend like they were a normal family.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, and magical substance abuse

They pushed and tugged on each other as their lips melted together. Ron was on top of Harry, his legs wrapped around his lover’s waist to keep them as close together as they could. Hands flitted from chests, hips, necks, to winding through strands of hair. They couldn’t get enough of each other and yet they hadn’t been able to fully go through with anything more intimate than this.

They had to pull away for proper breathes eventually, instead of just taking in small gasps whenever they separated briefly only to attack each other with smothering kisses again. Harry pressed his forehead against Ron’s while they panted like they had run a marathon. “I wish that my nerves would let me do more with you. I hate the fact that I get too nervous to do anything every time we get some alone time like this.”

“I know baby, I know,” Ron murmured, his eyes fluttered open to look at Harry’s kiss-swollen lips for a moment.

“Do you remember the potion that Slughorn taught us today? The love potion?” he asked softly.

“The one that makes all fears and apprehensions go away, just leaving the love?” Ron nodded. 

“Too bad we can’t use that to help us go all the way,” he chuckled.

“Actually…” Ron ran his lip between his teeth as the thought formed in his mind. He was a little slower than normal because his cock was painfully hard in his pants and there was nothing he could do about it. “I think that I should be able to get some from Fred and George. We would have to tell them what we want it for though, since that’s why they're allowed to sell it in their shop in the first place,” he rambled.

Harry stopped the tirade of words pouring out of his mouth by pressing their lips together in another quick kiss. “I’m alright talking to your brothers about it. They’d tease us in private, but I know that they would never be malicious or spread it all over the place.

“Yeah, okay,” Ron nodded. He leaned down and resumed kissing his boyfriend.

He ended up sending the letter off to his brothers the next day when he was reminded of it by waking up with morning wood. He and Harry then waited nervously for the response back, and the longer that it took, the more nervous they got. They began to dread getting the owl and possibly attached package by the time that it actually came.

They were sitting next to each other during breakfast, listening to another one of the rambling, confusing stories that Luna often liked to share. The owls flooded into the Great Hall as they always did, though this time Harry could easily spot the bright, shining white feathers of his owl. 

Hedwig dipped down when she got close to them, dropping the letter and package right next to Ron’s plate. Both of them glanced at each other before Harry quickly snatched up the letter to open it. His eyes scanned over the messy scrawl of the older brothers to his lover, taking it all in. They teased them about it, of course, but had included two of their weakest potions meant to get rid of jitters.

“Do you want to try them tonight?” Ron asked quietly. He had lowered his head down so that he was closer to Harry, but the other teenager couldn’t mistake the rosy glow of his cheeks as he spoke.

“Yeah, I do,” Harry nodded immediately. They whisked the box upstairs and hid it underneath the invisibility cloak at the bottom of Harry’s trunk until later that night immediately after they finished breakfast.

When classes ended, Harry and Ron began to get the normal nerves that they did whenever they were planning to be intimate with each other. They were able to get through the afternoon of Quidditch practice, studying, and homework that they normally did. They ate dinner and then slipped out of the Great Hall early. 

Harry was pretty sure that their intimate group of friends, that knew they were dating, was aware of some of the parts of their plan. As he left, he felt like everyone knew that he was leaving dinner early to go have sex with his boyfriend. Ron slipped his hand into Harry’s as soon as they began to make it down the dark halls of Hogwarts. The iron and stone doors of the Room of Requirement appeared to their left, just as they always did. 

The boys entered and found that it had formed the room that they were used to seeing whenever they wanted to be alone. Both of them got onto the bed pressed into one corner of the cozy room. “You sure that you want to do this?” Harry asked, uncorking the bottle of potion that had been sent for him. 

“Very sure, Harry,” Ron nodded. He uncorked his own bottle and tossed it back. Harry quickly did the same thing that he had done. 

They could feel the effects of the potion taking over immediately. It had originally been sold as a gag gift in the shop, something to give your friend to imply that they don’t like their partner enough to get it up. However, since Harry and Ron were actually into each other, it was just taking the nerves away from them. 

The taller of the two teenagers wrapped his arms around Harry and brought him up onto his lap. Harry easily wound his legs around his lover’s waist while his arms wrapped around the redhead’s shoulders. He brought their lips together in another passionate kiss, both of them moving against each other in a well-worn rhythm.

Everything was almost routine and muscle memory as they both went back and forth in a small fight for dominance. Their tongues swirled together in an elaborate dance, their lips remembering every single crevice and divit of the other pair. Soon, things turned a bit more lustful than they had before. They began to nip and bite at each other in between the normal kissing.

Both boys began to tug at their own clothing and their boyfriend’s. Ron was the first to get Harry’s robes unbuttoned and sliding off of his arms. They got stuck in the crook of his elbow as Harry was rapidly undoing his boyfriend’s tie. He flung it over the side of the bed, then dropped the robes onto the bed behind him. 

They shared quick, intimate kisses while ripping each other’s clothes off. Their fingers were over eager enough to stumble over the buttons of their dress shirts and pants. Once they were both naked, the boys split apart to gasp for breath. 

Harry turned to the side and grasped his wand from closer to the pillows than they were. “Which one of us is going to bottom?” Harry had been the one to memorize the charms that they needed to have intercourse, so regardless of who was topping he would have to cast them. 

“I think that you should, this time. You’re the one that wanted to use the potions, and I think that you’re more adventurous out of the both of us,” Ron breathed. His face was flushed, which made the freckles that were speckled over his cheeks and nose nearly disappear. 

The raven-haired just nodded, too out of it to reply. He was just casting the charms on himself when Ron finally managed to throw off his pants. The redhead gasped in pleasure as his cock was finally exposed to the cool air of the room around them. The other teenager then stripped off his own clothes, mewling lightly as the third charm took effect. The first had been to clean him out, the second to produce lubricant, and then the third to stretch him out. The feeling of his hole widening at the same time as his cock finally hitting the air nearly overwhelmed him.

“Harry, you look so good,” Ron murmured. He attacked his lover with kisses again, making out with him for a moment before he then began to trail kisses down his jaw and neck. 

The smaller of the two exposed his neck and let out a low moan. He could feel the skin of Ron’s stomach rubbing against his cock and the redhead’s own member against his leg. He moved his calf, hooking it around his lover’s hip to give the other access to his entrance.

“I can’t wait anymore,” Ron murmured. One of his hands was holding his lover’s arm while the other moved down to stroke his aching cock.

“Then don’t,” Harry whispered. He rocked his hips up to get friction on his member and hopefully to entice Ron closer. The move apparently worked because his lover released a loud moan and brought their lips together. Harry gasped into the kiss and felt a tongue plunge into his mouth at the same time that Ron’s cock was pressing through his entrance. 

The sensation was something that he had never felt before, but the stretch ached just like it should and felt marvelous. He threw his head back against the pillows as his lover moved his lips down to his collarbone again. Ron sat still inside of him so that Harry could have some time to adjust while he focused on sucking deep, purple marks onto his unblemished skin.

The minutes seemed to drag on as Harry focused on making the muscles in his hips and back relax enough for them to continue. He loved the feeling of his lover’s cock buried deep inside of him. His mind began to wrap around the thought over and over. Before he was really aware of what he was doing, his hips began to move up and down slowly. He was riding Ron’s cock from underneath him. He only managed to pull the thick member out of his hole a few inches at a time, but the pleasure was close to overwhelming. 

“Shit, Harry, Merlin,” Ron whispered. He pressed his forehead to his lover’s shoulder as the pleasure was rushing through him as well. He could feel the coil in his gut tightening up again just like it always did when he was close to cumming.

“H-how does this feel so good?” Harry mewled. Unbeknownst to him, Ron had managed to angle his cock to sit right on top of his prostate. Harry’s movements were massaging the tip of the cock right up against his bundle of nerves in the most pleasurable way possible. He released a loud sound as his body was suddenly orgasming, sending shocks of pleasure throughout him as cum unloaded from his heavy balls.

Ron let out a loud moan and collapsed on top of his lover. His own cock was twitching and cummng inside of Harry as the feleing of his lover’s hot walls clamping down around him had finally sent him over the edge. 

“God, Ron!” Harry moaned eagerly. They laid there together on the bed as they came down from their orgasmic haze. Harry was able to undo the charms done on him and clean them both off once Ron had finally been able to pull himself from his lover.

The redhead collapsed back against the pillows. Harry crawled up next to him after tugging the blankets over them. He placed his head down on Ron’s chest and wrapped his arms around his lover’s waist. “That was awesome,” he mumbled. He could feel the potion waring off, letting go of the background horniess that had been sitting heavily on his crotch. However, the nerves didn’t follow.

Ron had one hand behind his head and the other on his lover’s shoulder. He chuckled softly, “I don't think I’ll ever be nervous to do that ever again. I know that it’ll be great.”



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, impregnation, and magically swapped genitalia

Nerves of anticipation bite at his lungs, causing his breaths to stutter every now and again. They had talked about this more than he would have cared to admit, but that still didn’t take any of his anxiety about it away. 

He knew that that night it would be very likely that he would end up pregnant, something that he was both excited and terrified of. When they had discussed children, they had come to the conclusion that Tonks couldn’t carry a baby. She refused to give more than a year of her life up to sitting around the house while being pregnant and caring for a newborn when she loved the important work that she did as an Auror. Harry, however, hadn’t been working since they found that his PTSD from his time during the war prevented him from being able to adequately perform in a work setting. So he instead was the one to stay home already, which meant that he would be able to devote more than a year of his life to a newborn. 

They had both already taken the potions that would change their bodies and allow them to do this. Apparently several same-sex couples used the potions to have biological children and then reverted their bodies back to normal once the children had been done. His body hasn't changed much to the naked eye, since he looked nearly exactly the same. Tonks did as well, with her beautiful breasts and sharp curves

Harry let out a small mewling noise at the remembrance of how beautiful his wife looked, causing his newly formed folds to leak with slick. It was an unusual feeling, but not a bad one. 

Harry had been waiting all day for the moment that had just now finally arrived. He was lying back on the bed, with his arms behind his head to support himself a bit. The door to their bedroom opened as Tonks quickly entered in. She closed it and grinned wickedly as she flipped the light on. 

“I’ve been waiting for you,” Harry grinned. He sat up and pushed his hands to support himself. He crossed his legs over each other, already rocking himself in circles to get some kind of pleasure on his clit. 

“I bet you were, Handsome,” she chuckled. Tonks hauled herself up on the bed and slowly crawled towards him. She stopped when her hands were on either side of his hips. She slowly brought their lips together in a slow, methodical kiss. They moved back against each other like they had memorized each other’s patterns when it came to this kind of a situation. They probably had, based on how much time they truly spent around each other. 

One of Tonks’ hands slowly traveled up his thigh starting from his knee. Harry bit her lip and pulled back when he finally needed a break from the kiss to be able to breath. She continued to move her hand closer and closer to his crotch. When she finally arrived, she cupped his vulva and pressed the heel of her hand against his clit.

“Shit, baby, you’re already so worked up for me,” she chuckled. She began to kiss down his jaw. When she reached the skin where his jaw and neck met, she latched on and began to suck dark marks onto his unblemished flesh. 

“You made me wait so long while you finished up your work,” Harry complained slightly. He moved one hand up to her shoulder to brace himself. The other remained behind him to continue supporting him. He released a small keen of pleasure as she rolled a strip of skin in between her teeth. He separated his legs so that she had more access to him. 

“I had to get Moody off of my back,” she replied simply. She abandoned her quest to mark up his neck as she brought their lips together in another passionate kiss.

Harry’s hands began to go to work when Tonks’ were preoccupied with holding the back of his head. She was now sitting on his knees. He moved his hands up to the clasp of her work cloak. He slowly slid the left and right pieces together and then undid the hook and eye. The slippery fabric fell from her shoulders, revealing her undergarments. It pooled around the crooks of her arms and her lap.

“You really are eager tonight, aren’t you?” she asked. She pulled away from him just long enough to pull the robe off of her arms. She shed the clothing garment over the side of the bed. 

“Yeah, I told you that you made me wait,” he replied breathlessly. Harry tugged his sleep shirt over his head and then threw it somewhere over the bed.

“Mm, you got yourself all horny while waiting for me to come home and fuck a baby into you?” she whispered. She leaned down close to his ear so that he could feel the hot, wet breath brushing up against his short cut hair.

“You know that I was,” Harry murmured. He wiggled his legs out from underneath her, kicking them out to the side. He was very inelegant as he shimmed the pajama pants off and then tossed them, with his underwear, to the same place where he had discarded his shirt.

“Maybe I should just eat you out tonight, make you wait a bit longer so your dripping wet and super fertile for me tomorrow,” Tonks smirked. She slowly ran her hands down his lover’s chest, stopping to tweak the nipples on his well-sculpted pecs.

“Don’t you dare,” Harry growled slightly. He placed his hands on her shoulders to brace himself. He then moved one down to the space in between her breasts and another behind her back with his arm bracing her shoulders. He flipped them over so that she was lying on the bed and he was straddling her waist. 

“Well, now you’ve decided that you’re going to be in charge,” Tonks snorted, smirking even wider. “What’re you going to do to me, huh, baby?” she asked, her hands trailing from the back of his head down to his shoulders. She pressed against them, bringing him so that he was sitting straight up. She gently pressed their lips together in a sensual kiss. 

Harry let his hands wander up from her hips to her breasts. He held the heavy breast in his hand, rubbing his fingers over the soft flesh of the underside. When they had to pull apart to get air, he began to trail kisses down her neck. “Tonks,” he whispered. He rocked his hips forward as he could feel her member hardening under his folds. Her head was positioned just so that it dipped into the entrance of his damp cunt.

“Baby,” she moaned. She grasped his hips, bringing him a bit closer to her so that she could get friction on her cock. Harry wrapped his legs around her body so that they were pulled flush against each other. They pressed their foreheads against each other as Harry began to rock his hips sensually. He released a small moan each time his clit dragged against the soft skin of his lover’s stomach. 

“You said that you couldn’t wait, but my dick still isn’t inside of you,” Tonks murmured against his lips when nearly five minutes had passed.

“Shut up,” he smiled. He kissed her hard and fast. He got up onto his knees so that he was kneeling above her. One hand was pressed to her shoulder and the other moved underneath him to grasp her cock. He moved the member to his entrance, pushing the head into the slick of his folds. He paused for just a moment to drag it all the way through his folds twice before he returned back to his entrance. 

He released a small gasp when he felt the head of her cock push slightly into him as she bucked her hips up. Tonks moved her hands down so that she was holding his hips in her strong grasp. She then trailed them slowly down his thighs and around to grasp at his ass, which drew a loud moan from his pretty lips. 

Harry moved both of his hands to brace himself on her shoulders as she had retaken control. “Oh!” he groaned, tossing his head back as he felt her cock plunge deep inside of him. He sat heavy on the member for a while, adjusting to the new feeling of something being so deep inside of him. Before now, he had only experimented with his new cunt by using his fingers. 

“Did I hurt you? Are you okay?” Tonks asked worriedly. She reached out and cupped his face while bringing their foreheads to rest together.

“No, I’m okay,” he shook his head. “I just wasn’t expecting something like that. I don’t know what I was expecting.”

“It’s a feeling you can’t really describe,” she nodded. “Just like the feeling of having something around you.”

Harry just nodded. He dragged his teeth over his bottom lip a few times before his body finally relaxed. He experimentally rocked his hips forward and was immediately unable to keep his moans inside of his mouth. The pleasure from just the simple movement echoed from deep inside of him and his clit. 

“Harry, Merlin,” Tonks mewled. She grasped his hips again, slowly bringing him up by a mere inch. She let out an aggressive growl, which her lover easily interpreted as her trying to continue to be gentle with him.

“I should tie your arms down and just ride you myself, as your punishment for making me wait so long for this,” Harry whispered. He released another loud moan when she dropped him down that last inch of her cock and he was filled to the brim once more. 

“Fuck this,” she swore. She wrapped his legs tightly around her hips and then held his abdomen close to her own. She flipped them over with one fluid motion so that she was lying flat on top of him and he was clinging to her. She then moved so that she was on her hands and knees, with his legs wrapped around her waist. 

Tonks slowly brought her cock out of him and then plunged back in. Due to his heels digging into the small of her back, she wasn’t able to pull out very far, but that worked better for Harry. The smaller of the two began to roll his hips up every time she thrust into him, creating a rhythm.

They bucked and moved against each other until the pleasure flowing through them from the motions became overwhelming and they orgasmed together. Tonks collapsed down onto her forearms as her cock buried itself even deeper inside of her than it had been before. Harry arched his back, getting her tits to rub against his chest. He clamped down around her with his hot, wet cunt as his walls throbbed and milked all of the cum she was willing to give him. 

They stayed connected together for some time after coming down from their orgasmic highs. Harry slowly unwrapped his legs from her waist, noting to himself how sore his knees were from being locked like that. “I wish we had taken those potions sooner, that felt great,” Tonks murmured. She cast the charms they needed to keep the cum inside of Harry while also cleaning the sweat off of them both. 

“You’ll get to keep feeling great until you get me pregnant, and then for nine months after that if you want. I have to keep the cunt until the baby is born, but you can go back,” Harry yawned.

“I think I’d want to know what it’s like to fuck you when you’re all big and round with our baby,” her hand ghosted over his flat stomach to tease him. She got underneath the covers and pulled him close to her, tucking his head against her shoulder. Harry was out within seconds, the new feelings sending him out like a light.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, pregnancy, and pregnant sex

While all sorts of things could happen during a pregnancy, it seemed to Sirius that carrying a child just made women cry non-stop. That was the case for his wife, who often cried when reading books that were supposed to be informative and chipper about her pregnancy. She cried when she found that she couldn’t eat food that she hadn’t liked in the first place. After dealing with her tears for nearly six months already, one would have thought that he would have been accustomed to it already.

However, he found himself baffled and confused as he walked into the nursery. He had a box of clothes sent to them from Petunia’s parents clenched in his hands. They had been trying to put together the baby’s room for nearly a week now, but they were still receiving the necessary items slowly. “Petunia?” he asked worriedly as he walked in. 

“Go away,” she sniffled. She was sitting in the rocking chair that they had tucked into the corner with her face in her hands. Her shoulders shook every so often with a sob.

“Love, what’s wrong?” He quickly placed the box down on the floor in front of the dresser. He got onto his knees and moved so that he was kneeling in front of her. He grasped her wrists and brought them away from her face so that he could see her. “Please tell me what’s bothering you.”

“M-my entire family is magical and I’m not! It was awful as a child, watching everyone go to Hogwarts and come back with exemplary grades while knowing that I could never achieve anything great. What if I pass that to our child?” she sobbed harder.

“Oh, sweetheart,” Sirius murmured. He released her hands and instead wrapped his arms around her. He got her to stand up from the rocking chair by standing up himself. Sirius sat down in it instead and then brought her onto his lap. He tucked her head against his shoulder, using one hand to wrap around her hips and the other to rest on top of her growing bump. 

“You know, I have no idea what it was like to grow up the way that you did, but I can tell you that you’ve already achieved so much. You put yourself through muggle school and came out with a great carrier in something that I don’t understand,” Sirius began.

“I teach, Sirius. I teach children how to do maths,” she laughed wetly. The tears were slowly drying as no more were coming to replace them just yet.

“I did say that I don’t understand it,” he chuckled. “I know that if we had a muggle child it would be difficult to explain the differences in the world that they were growing up in, but we would love them just the same. Any child of mine is going to be spoiled rotten. And any child that you carry for me will be lucky to have you as a mother.”

“You’re so sweet,” she whispered. She moved so that she was sitting on his lap as well as she could with her stomach. She turned her face to the side just in time to be able to catch his lips on hers. Her hand moved to the back of his head to keep him there as she wound her fingers through his long, curly locks.

“Petunia, please,” Sirius whispered when the kiss finally broke. They hadn’t been as intimate as they were before her pregnancy due to her constantly fluctuating moods, and this resulted in the man getting wound up at the briefest of touches.

“Take me to the bedroom, Sirius,” she murmured against his lips as she brought him in for another kiss.

He did as he was told. He placed an arm around her hips and another one underneath both of her knees to hold her securely close to him. He stood from the rocking chair and walked across the hall to their master bedroom. Sirius carefully laid his wife down on the bed so that her head was lying against the pillows. He broke the kiss after doing so, crawling over the silky sheets to get closer to her.

She mewled slightly as she saw him advancing on her. She flung one of her arms over her head to rest on the pillows while the other one went down to hold her belly. Sirius let out an aroused noise as he moved so that he was over her with his hands on either side of her shoulders. He leaned down and kissed her once more. 

His hands slowly wandered over her body, starting on the highest part of her stomach and then cascading down to her tits. He grasped the swollen mounds with one hand while the other held him up. The tips of his fingers rested against her ribcage, letting the tissue rest heavy in his hand. He slowly moved his hand up so that it was cupping the breast, making sure to trail as slowly as possible over her nipple.

“Sirius!” she mewled, breaking the kiss. 

“I’m not sure I’m going to be able to go slow this time, Petunia,” he warned, his hand still working over her bosom.

“I don’t want you to go slow, I want you to get me to cum,” she warned, rolling her hips up to try and entice him into fucking her faster. Sirius made a hum of acknowledgement as he began to litter kisses down her jaw and neck. He let his hands trail back down her bump to the underside, where his fingers dipped underneath the elastic type fabric. He ran his hand over the bare skin of her belly until the shirt had to pull up and reveal her bump. 

“Merlin, you’re so beautiful,” Sirius murmured. He moved both of his hands to caress her stomach after he had moved in between her legs. She moved herself so that she was sitting while propped up on her elbows, which helped him finish removing her shirt. He leaned down and began to press open-mouthed kisses over her swollen belly.

“Why are you teasing me?” she whined, on the edge of tears again.

“I didn’t mean to, my love, I was trying to make you feel nice,” he said carefully. He pulled back and away from her for a moment. He kept one hand on her stomach while the other wiped away the tear that had escaped past her eyelashes. Sirius quickly removed his robes from work and then did the same to his underwear. The sexual appetite in her eyes returned almost immediately, the hunger evident. 

He grasped his cock with one hand, stroking a few times to entice her further. He released a small moan when the pleasure and arousal increased tenfold. 

Petunia had sat up all the way, bending one of her legs so that she could support her new center of gravity. She undid the clasp of her bra and tossed it over the side of the bed with her shirt. She then grasped the waistline of her pants and underwear. She leaned back against the pillows and raised her hips up as much as she could while wiggling them both down off of her. Sirius helped once they had gotten underneath her bum, as he knew how hard it was for her now.

Soon they were both completely naked. Sirius leaned over his wife and kissed her again as his hands roamed over her belly. When they finally had to break away from the kiss to get some air, he continued his movement with one of his hands. He grasped his cock with the other and brought the head to her entrance.

Petunia released a small moan when she felt the cock brush against her clit on the way there. Her moans increased in intensity and volume as he pressed his head to her entrance and slipped in about an inch. He then continued in inch by inch to give her time to adjust. When he was fully seated inside of her, he threw his head back and let out another groan of pleasure.

“Feels so good, Sirius,” she moaned, covering one of her arms with her forearm. 

“Good, baby. I’m going to make you feel so good,” he whispered. He began to chant her name like a kind of religious prayer. His eyes flew shut and he began to slowly pull out of his wife. He rocked back in once he had made it so that only his tip was inside of her. He continued to do so, bringing his cock out of her slowly before thrusting into her with one fluid motion. 

Petunia’s hands moved up behind her to grasp the headboard as he continued to fuck into her. Every time that he thrust into her, his movements became quicker and harder. By the time that five minutes had passed he was moving in such bursts that her breasts and belly bounced with the force.

“I’m going to cum!” she warned suddenly as the pleasure inside of her cunt grew to an uncontainable amount. She squeezed the cock inside of her as tight as she could with her hot walls and orgasmed hard around him.

Sirius collapsed down on top of her as much as he could and brought their lips together. He wasn’t able to keep himself from cumming for much longer when her cunt began milking his cock. He spurted the white ropes of cum inside of her, painting her walls white. To increase their pleasure, he brought their lips together in another passionate kiss.

The kiss continued until after they had already come down from their orgasmic highs. He separated their lips at the same time that he slowly pulled out of his wife. He spelled away the cum and sweat that now covered them before he covered Petunia in a blanket and cuddled up next to her. Sirius placed a hand on her belly and smiled softly. “I know that you said you were sad you didn’t have magic like me, but I think that you carrying a baby is still pretty magical.”

“Shut up,” she scoffed, but brought him into a kiss anyway.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, alcohol consumption, and virginity-taking sex

The party was still going strong late into the night. They had all had quite a bit of firewhiskey, which made the faces of most of the Weasleys light up to be almost as red as their hair. Harry had had quite a few himself, but the effects of the alcohol didn’t seem to impair him too much. 

Fred had just finished telling the loud story about how he had lost his virginity at the age of fifteen after the Yule Ball. Ron then went on to talk about the sexual escapades that he had gotten up to when he was together with Lavender. George went next, talking about how he had lost his virginity to the same person as Fred, but she had said that he was the better fucker. The redheads all turned to Harry then, waiting for him to share his own story.

“I erm, I haven’t lost my virginity yet,” Harry murmured into his glass as he drank the last of the firewhiskey burning inside.

“How? Someone almost spiked you with a love potion. You should have been drowning in pussy, or ass if that’s your thing,” Fred laughed slightly.

“I dunno, I just wanted to be able to save it for the right person,” Harry shrugged, flushing slightly- though not due to the alcohol burning down his throat.

“Sex isn’t some romantic thing like the books make it out to be, you just have to shag and then you find the right person,” George shook his head.

“Seriously though, Harry. Even when you were eyeing Cho? She didn’t once try to stick her hands down your pants?” Ron asked. “Even when you two stayed behind after Dumbledore’s Army practice and apparently tried to eat each other’s faces?”

“No, I’ve never even had someone give me a handjob,” Harry shook his head. He desperately wished that the conversation would steer towards something else, but they seemed determined.

“You don’t have to feel shy, just tell us,” Fred purposefully knocked their arms together.

“I’m telling the truth! I’ve never gotten past kissing,” Harry pressed the back of his head against the chair to avoid having to look at his three friends.

It was obvious that they were going to continue, but Mrs. Weasley bustled in from where she had been outside with the girls in the garden. Apparently she had planted a type of flower that only ever bloomed at night. The girls followed behind her and then quickly moved to the stairs. 

“That is quite enough alcohol for you boys,” she tutted as she collected the empty bottles and glasses with a flick of her wand. “I suggest that you all start getting to bed if you want to be up before noon,” she chastised.

There was some groaning and complaints, but all three of her sons rose and walked up the stairs anyway. “Thank you for the party, Mrs. Weasley,” Harry kissed her cheek politely and then hurried up the stairs himself. He changed silently into his pajamas and got underneath his covers. Ron had passed out on top of his blankets in his day clothes, and was now snoring loudly.

Harry closed his eyes and tried to sleep, but the hours crept by without him ever getting anywhere close to bed. He sat up and pressed his glasses up his nose. Eventually, he rose and wandered down the stairs. He wasn’t as wobbly as he had been before, but his step was still pretty far from steady.

The raven haired wizard leaned against the counter once he had gotten to the kitchen. He looked out at the garden across the yard and saw the beautiful white flowers Mrs. Weasley had been talking about earlier. 

He couldn’t help the anxious feelings that crept up inside of him as he thought about the conversation that they had been having before bed. Harry had never had an experience that had gone further than kissing, because he had always wanted that experience to be with one specific person that he knew he would never be able to have it with. Maybe he should have just taken what he could have got back when he was attending Hogwarts.

“I didn’t realize that anyone would be up at this hour,” a familiar voice came from behind him.

Harry jumped and grabbed for his wand, but relaxed when he realized that it was just Charlie. “What are you doing here? I thought that you were still working in Romania.”

“Well, I was, but I got a bit of vacation time and I wanted to come and visit Mum and Dad,” he chuckled. “You and the brothers were kind of an incentive as well,” he winked.

Harry felt the butterflies in his stomach ignite again as he remembered just how charming and wonderful Charlie could be. He felt a small blush rise to his cheeks as the second eldest Weasley brother brushed past him to get into the cupboard above his head. 

He pulled back and leaned against the counter opposite Harry once he had gotten the snack he came for. “You won’t tell anyone I’m here, will you?”

“Course not,” the Chosen One shook his head.

“Thanks, Harry. I always knew that you’d be my favorite out of all Ron’s friends,” he chuckled.

Perhaps it was the alcohol still running through his system, or maybe it was the conversation and teasing that had happened earlier, but for some reason that comment hit a nerve. “Is that all you think of me as? Ron’s friend?” he asked.

“What? No, I know that you’re Harry Potter too,” Charlie chuckled, a blush ebbing around from the back of his neck.

“I’ve had a crush on you since I was fourteen and all you can think of me as is your little brother’s friend,” Harry pressed his hands to his face and spoke into his palms.

“You’ve had a crush on me since you were fourteen? Since we first met?” the redhead set the box of snacks down on the counter behind him. “Why did you never tell me?”

“Because all you think of me as in Ron’s friend,” Harry threw his arms up over his head in exasperation.

“I just said that I didn’t,” Charlie caught his hands when they came back down to his sides. “I think that you’re pretty amazing just for being who you are. You just happen to be my little brother’s best friend.”

“I don’t want you to reject me like I’m some school girl with a crush,” Harry mumbled, his eyes cast down at the tile floor of the kitchen.

“I’m not rejecting you,” the wizard laughed. He leaned forward and pressed a gentle kiss to Harry’s lips. “For as little time as I’ve spent around you, you’re amazing. And I would love to get to know you more in a romantic setting.”

Harry paused as his brain wrapped itself around the fact that his crush had just accepted his feelings and returned them. “What about sexually?” he blurted.

“You are just full of surprises tonight, aren’t you?” Charlie laughed. He brought Harry forward by wrapping one arm around his waist and pulling him close. He pressed another kiss to the younger wizard’s lips. “That explains it, you taste like firewhiskey.”

Charlie brought his wand out of his pocket and cast a sobering charm on him and then a hangover cure. “Now, tell me what got you so riled up.”

He wasn’t able to stop as the entire story of what had happened earlier that night tumbled from his lips. The redhead nodded and made noises of acknowledgements as he listened to every single word that the other spoke. “I think I understand now. Are you sure that you want me to be the person that takes your virginity?”

“More sure that I have been about a lot of things in my life,” he chuckled weakly. He wrapped both of his arms around Charlie’s chest and looked up at his lips and then to his eyes.

“I’m consenting to sex, just so you know,” the redhead murmured. He leaned down and gave Harry the most passionate kiss of his life, with pushing back and forth in a fight for dominance. Teeth nipped at tongues and lips as their mouths memorized the feel of the other.

“Let’s go back to my bedroom so that we don’t get caught,” Charlie breathed when they had to separate for air. He released Harry and then bolted in the direction of his bedroom. The younger wizard quickly followed after him, finding it somewhat hard to walk with how large his erection had grown just from the kiss alone.

When they were the safety of privacy, Charlie locked and silenced the room with a couple of spells. He grasped Harry’s face and brought him in for another kiss, though this one involved his hands trailing all over his body. 

They kissed and nearly danced around each other as they got closer and closer to the bed. Charlie’s hands dipped underneath his pajama shirt and Harry soon found his chest exposed to the chilly summer air of the bedroom. The redhead brought his hand up to press his thumb against Harry’s nipple while the other wrapped around his back to brace him as they both fell onto the bed.

“Oh, Merlin!” he moaned as pleasure overcame him. He was sure that he could have cum from the intensity of the kisses and the toying of his nipples, but Charlie pulled away before the pleasure had the chance to grow. The redhead quickly shed his clothes over the side of the bed and then cast the charms on Harry to clean him out and prepare him- giving him a small warning and explanation before doing so.

The raven haired wizard released a moan unlike he ever had before as the new feeling of his ass being spread and prepared happened all at once. The muscles of his back seized up as soon as the charm had done its work, making him rather uncomfortable. Charlie took the time that he would need to relax to pull Harry’s pants and underwear off.

“You alright to go on?” he asked, pressing another kiss to him. 

“Yes, please, I need you,” he nearly begged. Now that he was no longer feeling uncomfortable or being worked open by the charm, he couldn’t ignore the aching emptiness inside of him.

“Merlin, you’re probably the prettiest person I’ve ever seen like this,” Charlie murmured as he hooked Harry’s leg over his waist. He had his cock in the other hand, but was taking his time to look over his newfound lover.

“Please, Charlie, please,” Harry pleaded instead of answering him. He flung one of his arms over his eyes while moving his hips up and down like it would entice the redhead to fuck him faster.

It seemed to work as moments later he felt the head of the other man’s cock against his puckering entrance. Charlie pressed in as slowly as he could, giving Harry time to breath and adjust every time he felt the smaller wizard’s back tighten up. “You’re doing so well, you know that? You feel so good around me,” he murmured into the other man’s ear.

It took another five minutes once Charlie was actually inside of him for Harry to be able to be ready for him to move. The redhead slowly pulled out of him and then rocked in just as slow. He moved his cock to angle it at different points inside of Harry until he hit the bundle of nerves that made his newfound lover see stars. “There, please! That felt really good,” he whimpered slightly.

Charlie brought their lips into another kiss as he felt Harry clamp down around him tightly. Slick white cum burst forth from the smaller man’s cock and coated their chests with the fluid. The redhead had stopped moving when he felt that his lover was orgasming. He pulled out of him when he was sure that Harry was done, his own cock still aching hard. 

Harry was a little too disoriented from having the strongest orgasm of his life to be able to do anything, and just rolled uselessly to the side. Charlie grasped his cock and began to pump it until he groaned with orgasm. The white ropes of his own cum joined the pearly white stripes that Harry had given him.

The older wizard undid the charms he had done on Harry and then cleaned them both up with a flick of his wand. He pulled Harry close to him as he fell asleep, the younger having already done.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, power-play, and Teacher/Student relationship

The halls of Hogwarts were completely silent as she slipped silently down them. It was nearly five minutes until bedtime, so everyone was already in their dorms so that they wouldn’t get in trouble. Hermione pulled her wand from the pocket of her robes and cast a simple charm to unlock the stores. She quietly and quickly walked into the room and closed the door behind her. She made sure not to lock them so that she could make a quick escape.

“Ah hah,” she chuckled as she finally found the ingredient that she needed to make the potion. She opened the door and was just about to leave when she heard the voice of the man she had been robbing.

“What are you doing out of bed? It has been midnight for nearly ten minutes,” he said seriously. He glanced down at her hand and saw the potion that was grasped in her fingers. “You’re stealing from me again, I see. Come with me to my classroom.”

“Professor, I’m sure that you’ve just made a mistake-” she tried, but it was obvious that he was having none of it. She tucked the bottle of powdered hens teeth into her pocket and continued after him. 

Once they reached the classroom, she was sat down on one of the desks as he paraded around in front of her. “I know that this isn’t the first time that you have stolen from my private stores, Granger. Now, are you going to tell me what potion you’re brewing?”

“It’s nothing, Professor,” she said quickly. She hated to admit it, but she had kind of wanted to get caught. Arousal was already soaking her panties in the way that he spoke to her and the power that he simply wreaked. 

“Tell me,” he demanded. He got closer to her, placing his hands down on either side of the desk that she was sitting on so that she could feel his breath on her neck. “Or would you prefer that I simply draw it from your mind.”

“I just ran out of something and mistook the storerooms,” she replied quickly. She desperately hoped that she would be kept there while also wishing at the same time that she could leave.

The teacher sneered as he pulled away from her. He grasped his wand and whipped it out from seemingly nowhere. He pointed the wand at her forehead and cast the spell that he needed to look into her mind. 

Instead of being able to see what his favorite student was brewing, he was able to see bodies together. He could hear his voice mixing with the mewling and moaning of the student in front of him. Naked bodies moved and pressed and scratched and marked each other in an elaborate dance. It wouldn’t have taken a genius to figure out that Hermione had been thinking about her now common fantasy of being fucked by her Potions Master.

“How long have you been thinking about that, hmm?” Snape asked as he advanced on her. “All year? Or just since I tried to have that idiotic class of yours brew love potions, something that only you managed to succeed at?” 

“All year,” she squeaked out, her cheeks going bright red.

“I bet you’d love it if I did that to you, wouldn’t you?” he asked. His hands were slowly trailing up the flesh of her thighs, moving impossibly close to her aching cunt without actually touching it. 

“Yessir,” she nodded. 

His hands then immediately moved to her hips and brought her off of the desk that she had been sitting on. He spun her around and bent her over it instead. One of his hands continued to press her down into the wood while the other returned back to her thighs once more. He moved it up until it trailed up her skirt and moved the fabric so that it was bunched up around her waist.

“How long have you been sitting in class with soaking wet panties like this, Granger?” he asked. His hands trailed over the wet mark that her cunt had made, brushing ever so slightly over her cunt.

“Please,” she moaned out instead. She was grasping the desk in front of her as if trying to drag her body more on top of it. 

“So wet that you can’t even answer me,” he tutted. Snape moved so that his finger looped over her underwear and pulled them to the side. Hermione let out a quick moan as the cool air of the dungeon quickly touched her hot folds.

The hand holding her panties to the side moved for just a second as Snape pulled his own underwear down to expose his cock. He brought his robes to the side so that they were gaping enough to let his member touch the cool air. Despite all of the teasing that he was doing to his student, he was just as aroused as she was. 

He moved his hand back to her cunt, pressing his thumb against her clit. Another wave of arousal leaked from her as she let out a guttural moan. Snape smirked wickedly and kept holding her down onto the desk. He moved his cock forward so that the tip was pressing against her cunt. 

“Please, please, please sir,” Hermione begged, almost shaking with the force of her dripping arousal. She didn’t have to beg for much longer as he pushed the first inch of his member into her. 

“You’re so wet and hot just for me, your teacher,” he sneered as he pushed the rest of his member into her. She just mewled, now pressing the side of her heated face into the cool wood of the desk. 

He sat inside of her for a moment before he slowly dragged his cock out of her and then thrust back in. He did this a few times, testing which of her walls would make her moan the loudest. He found that if he moved his cock up and out of her as slowly a spossible, she nearly screamed with pleasure. Each time he brought his member out of her, he made sure to thrust in all at once. 

His hand moved up to press her face into the desk when he really got going, keeping her there fairly easily. She moaned louder and louder the longer than he kept thrusting into her, clearly enjoying the feelings that he was giving her. 

The coil inside of her stomach wound tighter and tighter until she toppled over the edge of the pleasurable cliff that she had been dangling on for some time. She clenched hard around his cock and orgasmed, pleasure shooting through her. 

He fucked into her a few more times and then the spurts of cum leaking from his cock increased in intensity. He painted her walls a bright white color before he finally pulled out of her. He was able to tuck himself back into his pants and wrap his robes around himself. He sat down at his desk with a dramatic flourish. 

She was a little slower on the recovery, sitting up with a flushed face. She fixed her panties and tried to imprint it in her brain to cast the couple of charms she knew she needed. She made sure that the jar of powdered hens teeth was still secure in her pockets as she made a b-line for the exit.

“If I catch you in my stores again, I may just have to deliver a similar punishment,” Snape called just as she got through the door of the classroom. Next to her mental note about charms, she made a note to get caught in his stores more often.



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content, crack, older man/younger woman, and BDSM elements

The rest of the teachers had already cleared out to go to bed, leaving just Minerva and Albus in the staff room. The students had all been in bed and asleep for hours, as her birthday party had ebbed well into the night.

She turned to her boss suddenly, the alcohol coursing through her giving her a sudden burst of confidence. “Albus,” she began.

“Hmm?” he asked, turning to the side to look at his employee.

“You know the tradition that you liked? The one with the, erm,” she trailed off, her cheeks turning a violent red color.

“Spankings for each year of your birthday? Yes I do,” he chuckled, his vivid blue eyes sparkling with amusement. 

“I was wondering if you would be willing to do it to me,” she blurted quickly.

“I’m not sure,” he looked away and instead stared at the fire.

“Please, Albus,” she pleaded. 

There was a heavy silence that hung through the air for a moment before he finally conceded. “Alright, alright,” he sighed. It was nearly impossible for him to say no to her. They had both been known to dabble in BDSM, as that is where he had met her in the first place. 

“You’re going to count them until we’re finished,” he ordered as she got up. He moved to the edge of his chair so that his knees were available. He reached his hand up and grasped her shoulder, bringing her down so that she was laying over his legs with her ass in the air. 

“Safeword?” he asked before they began.

“Lemon drop,” she answered immediately. This way by far not the first scene that they had ever done together. As soon as the answer tumbled from her lips, a hand smacked her hard across her bottom.

She released a small moan and murmured, “One!” Pleasure spiked from the pain grasping her left cheek. It flowed from her ass all the way through her and she could feel her cunt leaking with pleasure. He was hitting just hard enough to sting underneath the layers of clothing that she was wearing. 

Smack! He brought his hand down just as hard on the other cheek.

“Two!” Minerva gasped. Each spanning that he brought down on her caused her voice to raise just a little bit more. He stopped when they got to ten and checked on her, which caused her to hurriedly tell him to keep going.

The spankings were causing her clit to rub up against his leg as well, giving her pleasure from both pleasurable pain and regular pleasure. Her hips stuttered to a stop when he finally got to her birthday and her cunt clamped down around nothing as she orgasmed.



WARNINGS: BDSM, partly-researched, poor/possibly inaccurate portrayals of dungeons, safeword usage, triggers, and sexually explicit acts

Almost everyone in the dungeon was already paired up when the twins finally arrived. They had been hoping to get there early enough to get in a good long scene with a sub, but they had been distracted by helping one of their siblings with something before they had finally been able to leave. They hung around the entrance for a while until the leader of the dungeon finally found them and walked over.

“Names?” she asked politely.

“Fred and George Weasley. We’ve already showed up a couple times, and no we’re not dating. Do you have any subs available for a long scene?” Fred asked, looking around at the scenes that were already happening. He was particularly intrigued when he saw the couple that were making use of the sex swing.

“We just have one, but he doesn’t always make it all the way through scenes. Apparently he’s still struggling to get over some abuse,” she replied, pointing to a small blond man in the corner.

“Thanks,” George nodded at her as both doms quickly made their way over to the sub. 

“Hello there, love,” Fred cooed, kneeling down in front of the blond. He was completely naked and kneeling in the submissive position with both of his hands palm up on his legs. He was absolutely beautiful, with alabaster skin and strikingly blond hair that he wore long down his back. His eyes kept both of the twins transfixed as the sub turned his shining diamond orbs up at them.

“We’re willing to do a scene with you, if you want,” George offered.

“Both of you?” the sub finally spoke up.

“We prefer to do things together. It makes it a bit more fun when your doms both look the same,” Fred chuckled. “Do you want to tell us your name, love?” he asked carefully.

“Draco Malfoy,” he answered. He barely spoke above a whisper and never kept their gaze for long.

The twins sat down on either side of them and made sure to keep their posturing calm and relaxed so that he wouldn’t feel attacked. They had only had scenes with a couple of abuse-victims, but they had had enough to know what not to do.

“Would you like to see our list?” George asked after a moment of relative silence. Nothing could really be silent in a dungeon thanks to the loud music playing and the moaning of countless people enjoying scenes.

“Yes please,” Draco nodded after a moment of thinking. The other redhead quickly reached into the bag that they always brought with them and handed their list over to Draco. The blond took the paper and read over all of the things that they had written down.

“I would like a scene where you tie me up with ropes and then spit roast me,” Draco said. “Words like slut and whore are off limits.”

“We use safewords and signals, but not the traffic light system because it tends to bring us out of scenes. Are you okay with that?” Fred asked as he took the list back. He folded the paper carefully and put it back into their bag.

“What signals would we use?” Draco asked.

George twisted his hand into the signal that they most commonly used. They had a couple of different ones depending on what sub they were having a scene with, since a few of them had issues with getting their hand into that position. Draco studied it for a moment before copying it perfectly. 

“Good,” Fred praised with a bright smile. “You okay with kissing?”

“Yes,” Draco nodded. 

George took the turn to speak this time, “Great, because we love to do it. Now, are you ready to get this scene underway?”

“Yes, Masters,” Draco cast his gaze back down at his hands as he allowed himself to fall back into his submissive headspace. Fred hauled him up into a standing position and then left to go get some rope. The other twin led the blond to the bed that was tucked into the corner and currently not being used. 

When Fred returned, he sat the submissive down on the bed and brought his hands behind him. He expertly wrapped them up around the wrists and then up to the forearms. He made sure that all of the knots were sturdy and the submissive still had enough motion that none of his muscles would be damaged. He then tied the binding of the rope to the bedpost of the bed and turned to do the same to his ankle. 

“All tied up for us, and just waiting,” George purred. While his brother had been working on Draco’s hands, he had been tying a harness around his chest. He clipped their favorite leash to it and wrapped the thick leather around his hand a few times. He tugged on it and smirked as he saw that the submissive was tugged in the same direction.

“Look at him, George. He’s just leaking for us,” Fred smirked. He wrapped the rope several times around Draco’s ankle and then used the extra to tie him to the other bedpost. He made sure to leave enough slack that they could still move the submissive around. He was now lying sideways, with his arms extended above him and one leg tied to the bedpost. 

The other redhead hummed in response, “I think I want to fuck him, Fred. You can take his mouth.” They quickly swapped places so that Fred was kneeling on the bed in front of Draco’s mouth and George was standing at the edge of the bed near his ass. He grabbed some lube and coated his fingers in it. He made sure that he glanced over to the submissive’s hands every now and again so that he would be able to notice if he used the safety symbol. 

Once his fingers were completely covered in lube, he brought his hand down to the submissive’s ass. Draco had already cleaned himself out and prepared himself before coming to the dungeon. He ran his middle finger down the supple flesh of his ass until he came to the blond’s hole. He circled around it for a moment before he dove two of his fingers into him immediately. He turned his hand at a ninety degree angle so that he could spread as much of the lube onto his walls as possible. He plunged the third finger into him after removing his fingers from the blond entirely. 

When he figured that he had lubed up the submissive enough, he put on a condom and positioned himself at the blond’s entrance. He grasped the base of his cock to guide him and stopped just as the very tip of his head pressed into the damp entrance of the submissive.

“You ready?” the other redhead asked. He had his hand on the base of his own cock and was pressing the tip of his head into the lips of the blond.

“You know I am, Fred,” George replied immediately. He counted down from three, and as soon as the number one left his lips they both plunged into their respective holes. George moved his cock fluidly into the submissive so that he was hilt deep. Fred went a bit slower so that the blond didn’t gag. He was holding his cheeks open with his hand as he brought his cock deeper and deeper into Draco’s mouth. 

“Mm, I forgot how good this felt,” George’s eyes fluttered open. Fred was now buried deep inside of Draco’s mouth so that his balls were resting against the submissive’s chin. The dominant in his ass glanced to his hands and cussed as he realized that his sexual partner was doing their safety symbol. He quickly removed himself from Draco and then pushed his twin away too. 

Fred picked up the message immediately, removing himself from the submissive. Both twins set to work on getting the ropes off of the submissive as Draco began to cry silently. They worked slower than they would have liked as the knots that they had tied were fancy as they had both been showing off.

When they finished, Fred picked Draco up and carried him to the aftercare bathroom so that they could help him calm down. “Do you want a bath?” he asked softly.

“Yes, please,” he nodded. Every so often, a tear would run down his alabaster cheeks.

George turned the tap on the bath and had Fred set the submissive down when the water finally adjusted to a good temperature. “Can we wash you off?” George asked, making sure that his voice was level and calm.

Draco simply nodded, not having the energy or will within himself to give a verbal answer. He allowed the twins to move him so that he was lying against the sloped back of the tub. His eyes fluttered shut, just focusing on the feeling of the soft cloth that was rubbing soap over his skin. He could hear murmured reassurances and kind words being spoken to him as the two dominants took care of him.

Once he was clean, they lifted him from the tub and wrapped him in a fluffy towel. They both helped dry him off, but he was pulled out of the comforted lull by Fred, who was gently brushing his hair off of his forehead. “Hey there, lovely, we need to know where your sub bag is, okay? I think you’d enjoy some nice warm clothes.”

“Locker two,” Draco mumbled out, pulling the towel closer around himself as he balled his hands up in the fabric. 

Fred nodded and peeled away from the two of them. None of the lockers had locks on them, because there was a trust between those who participated in the dungeon that nothing would get stolen and if it did, they lost the ability to attend. He looked over the items inside of the locker until he found the bag that he was looking for. He opened the backpack just to make sure that it was what he needed, and upon finding several pairs of pajamas and some snacks, he rushed back to the submissive and his twin. 

George sat Draco down on the edge of the bathroom counter, removing the towel from around his legs. He took the pajama pants from Fred and then slipped them over the submissive’s pale flesh. The other redhead moved the blond’s legs up just enough that they could sleep the waistband of the pants up to where they were supposed to be. Fred removed the towel and then slipped the other man’s arms through the pajama top. George helped him do the buttons up, moving from the bottom while his twin worked down from the top.

They moved Draco to the aftercare room as soon as he was dressed and once they had disposed of the towel into the hamper. The aftercare room of this dungeon was soundproof, so that no one could be overstimulated by the loud music echoing through the main part of the dungeon. There were a couple beds pressed up against the walls, a lot of comfy chairs, and a half dozen couches to boot. They were all miss-matched and very eclectic in style. The beds had blankets folded down on the end, along with the pillowcases for those that didn’t want to share with strangers. The sheets were the only thing that stayed on the bed for the entire active night. The walls of the aftercare room were painted a soothing lilac, and there was a window that allowed a wonderfully pleasant breeze in. 

The twins moved their submissive to one of the only empty beds. They put the pillowcases onto the pillows and then propped him up against the wall with the headboard. They then covered him with the comfortable, fleece blanket from his aftercare bag. “Are you okay?” Fred asked as he trepidatiously sat on the edge of the bed.

“No,” Draco answered earnestly.

“What would you like us to do to continue aftercare? We both want you to be okay,” George said, the earnestness leaking through his every word.

“Why would you care about me? I stopped before we even had sex and had a breakdown on two strangers,” Draco sneered, though it was obvious that none of the malice in his voice was directed at the other two.

“BDSM is only fun when everyone is enjoying it. Did we do something wrong? Neither of us meant to trigger you,” Fred frowned at himself as he looked over at his twin for a moment.

There was silence between the three for a while before the submissive finally collected his words enough to speak, “You didn’t do anything. I thought that I would be able to handle BDSM and sex again, seeing as I haven’t had either of them in nearly six months… but the moment that you were both inside of me, all I could think about was my ex and the horrible things that he did.”

“There’s nothing wrong with not feeling comfortable in a scene. If you haven’t done anything in six months maybe that was a little too intense to start off. You didn’t just jump right in when you started, right?” Fred chuckled, trying to lighten the mood a little bit. 

“No…” Draco admitted. “I don’t have anyone to tell me what to do now…”

“Well, you don’t have to have someone to tell you what to do. If you want someone to act as a dominant, maybe Fred and I can help ease you back into BDSM,” George suggested. He reached over to the blond and threaded their fingers together sweetly.

Draco’s cheeks suddenly dusted with a light pink. “I think I’d like that.”



WARNINGS: Mentions of sexism

James absolutely loathed his gender. Normally, he wasn’t one for such strong words. He thought that most things in life should be taken lightly or passed off as a joke to preserve feelings. There were very few things in the world that could get him as frustrated and angry as his gender, however. The resentment boiled in his gut as he remembered all the times that he had been dismissed or spoken down to by an adult just for being an omega. 

For that reason, he had been more than a little hesitant to mention anything about his gender when he had finally managed to get sent to Hogwarts. He was lucky enough that all of the students slept in the same room because there was no way to separate them properly. He managed to hide it from his small group of friends, but even that couldn’t last for long.

Remus was the first to find out. That wasn’t really a shock, seeing as he was the smartest out of the four.

The sweet smell of the flowers hung heavy in the air as the students walked past the greenhouses to try and get to their Care of Magical Creatures lesson that happened to be on the other side of the most distant plant-containing building. James and Remus were the only two to have taken this class because Sirius found it boring and Peter was terrified of some of the larger creatures.

The omega had been feeling off since they left the castle, but he had no reasonable explanation for the sudden feverish itch just underneath his skin. Several of the other omegas around the school had been disappearing, like they often did when heat and rut season rolled around. Sirius had been getting more aggressive about his friends and protecting them, even though he thought that the other three marauders were betas, which told the friend group that he was approaching his first rut.

“James?” Remus asked, stopping to look back at his friend. The other teenager had stopped dead in his tracks as a cold sense of dread leaked through his entire body. 

“Huh? Oh, I’m fine,” he forced a smile and quickly caught up to the beta. He kept his gaze cast down to the ground as the pit in his stomach continued to grow monstrous amounts. How could he have been so blind? Heat and rut season was upon them and he was an omega, just barely fourteen this year. He was probably due for the weak heat before he finished maturing and would have his first official one. Sirius had had something like that with his rut last year and James could remember the teachers telling them about that when they got their sex education as second years. There was no way that he was going to be able to come up with excuses for all of the changes in his behaviour when the desperation to obey and be praised by an alpha overtook him. Luckily, he would just become feverish and a little ways out of his mind, instead of fully overtaken by lust like a real heat.

“Seriously, James, are you alright?” Remus asked. He caught his friend’s arm and held him back before they both had a chance to go to class.

“I’m fine,” he repeated, ripping the fabric of his robes from the other teenager’s grip. Remus gave him a look and the omega couldn’t contain the whimper that burst forth from his chest.

James felt his eyes widen in shock as he realized that had just happened, bringing his gaze up to the equally shocked expression that his friend was wearing. “D-did you just whimper?” 

He opened his mouth to answer, but found a small whine echoing from him instead. Tears raised up in his dark eyes, threatening to cascade down his lashes at any moment. Remus immediately recognized the scared omega behaviour and wrapped his friend up in a hug. “It’s okay, James. You’re okay. I know that you’re probably very scared, but I promise that everything is okay.”

James balled his hands up into fists as he held the other teenager’s robes tightly. He placed his face down on the beta’s shoulder and sniffled in his desperation to keep the tears hidden.

“Shh, you’re alright,” Remus released his nutmeg scent and covered it over the smell of scared omega that was leaking from the other teen. “Just take a couple of deep breaths and then we should get to class.”

He did as he was told, taking in several shaky breaths until his lungs finally agreed to take in oxygen like they were supposed to. He released Remus and moped at his face with the edges of his robes. He gave his friend a watery smile, which was returned with a comforting one. They continued the rest of the way to their Care of Magical Creatures lesson in silence.

James had expected a stern lecture or offended tirade when they left, but Remus spoke to him like nothing had happened. The omega was certain that his friend was aware of his omega status, but for whatever reason he wasn’t talking about it. 

The next person to find out was Sirius, which made sense given that he was an alpha. Nothing sexual would ever happen between them since they were packmates and more like brothers than anything else, but there was always some kind of a natural instinct that an alpha would get whenever an omega around them needed protecting.

James smiled excitedly as he walked next to his best friend in the whole world. The two of them were still walking on cloud nine after their latest prank had gone off without a hitch, including not being caught. Currently, Sirius was talking adamantly to him about how the last Quidditch match had gone. James hadn’t been able to see it because he had taken ‘sick leave’ for his heat. While Remus had wordlessly given him some potions that would stop him from going through a lust-hazed week of torture, he was still feverish and disoriented so had spent the week in the hospital wing. 

The good mood was immediately ruined as a specific alpha that James had been interested in was marching up to him, fury burning in her eyes. “You have some nerve!” she declared as she stopped in front of him. 

“Good afternoon, Lily,” James replied with a nervous, forced laugh. Despite his interest in the other Gryffindor as a mate, he was still too close to his heat for him to really feel safe around any enraged alpha.

“Don’t. You are an ass,” she poked her finger into his chest and took a step towards him.

Sirius let a growl erupt from her throat. His rut had been two weeks ago, so he wasn’t as closed to the vicious mind that he had been in, but he still wasn’t going to put up with someone treating someone in his pack like shit. “Evans, either explain your gripe or kindly piss off,” he snarled.

“You don’t have any room to talk, Black! You both are terrorizing people that have literally done nothing to  you and you have no right to do it,” she spat back at him. She then turned back to James, her eyes narrowing dangerously with anger. “You are the worst beta that I have ever met. You pretend that you’re trying to become a better person and become someone that I actually want to be, and then you go and pull something like that again.”

“Li-Evans,” James whispered, his voice cracking slightly. He could feel his heart throb with want to make the alpha happy. He had to please her, it was his nature. He was supposed to keep her happy and sated. If she was yelling at him then it meant that he had done something wrong, and he deserved this. 

Before either of them had the chance to say anything else, Sirius surged forward. He grabbed the lapels of the other alpha’s shirt and pressed her up against a wall. “You are a conceited bitch that thinks she can boss around anyone that she pleases. If you don’t want James, then piss. Off. He deserves more than you anyway,” he dropped her down to the ground and stormed back over to James.

“Are you okay?” he asked worriedly, reaching out to grab his friend’s wrist. He searched the omega’s eyes for a moment, and as soon as he picked up on the fearful scent leaking from him wrapped his arms around him. “You’re okay, omega. I’m here. I will protect you,” Sirius whispered. He rubbed their neck scent glands together just like Remus had to calm James down last year.

“I’m-yeah, okay. I’m okay,” James nodded, slowly relaxing. 

Once they had both calmed down and gotten back to the safety of the semi-empty common room, Sirius brought it up again. James half-wished that his best friend could have just ignored it like Remus did. “Mate, you’re an omega?”

“Yeah,” he muttered, his quill scratched through the parchment with his sudden anger. “I know that makes me weak and shit, but I’m trying my best to just hide it all away.

Sirius looked at him, bewildered. “Why would that make you weak? Omegas are awesome! You’ve heard all those stories about omegas going feral when they need to protect their children or family. No one else could do anything like that. They can bring forth children, and be destructive! Alphas just break shit,” he laughed.

“I would much prefer to be a beta. People treat omegas like glass, something that needs to be propped up like a showpiece or hidden away,” James grumbled.

“That’s just the way that pure bloods treat them, apparently. It probably has something to do with the weird interbreeding thing that they all do,” Remus replied as he quickly walked over and sat down. “James, there’s nothing wrong with being an omega. I knew that you were uncomfortable with it and that’s why I never mentioned it. I didn’t want you thinking that we were going to treat you as any different.”

“Of course not. James has been an omega this whole time, and we’ve been doing all sorts of ‘un-omega type things’,” Sirius said awkwardly, putting the finger quotes around the last one.

“Thanks,” James smiled. Maybe having other people know about his gender wouldn’t be too bad.

The last person to figure out his true gender was Peter, which wasn’t too surprising. Peter hadn’t been the smartest out of them bunch, but he was sweet and loyal so they were content to be his friends.

Lily and James had been dancing around each other during their fifth year at Hogwarts. The incident had just been a bit of a small blip, something that they had gotten over with an apology from both. They had grown as people and were getting along with each other much better. James had actually felt comfortable enough around her to tell her about his gender, and she had taken it in stride.

The winter months were ebbing closer and closer. The castle was becoming frigid and uncomfortable to walk through just to get to class. Most of the students now stayed inside of their bedrooms or in the common rooms of their houses so that they could avoid the biting cold. With the cold also came nests for the omegas who were slowly stepping closer and closer to being fully developed and the nesting need was ramping up steadily higher and higher. (As adults, they wouldn’t nest unless under high stress, near their heats, pregnant, or with very small children).

Remus leaned against Sirius as he held their textbook open with one hand, using the other to prop up his head. He was reading allowed to them as they took notes, something that they had found really helped them all process the information better. Peter yawned widely as he shifted on top of his blanket on the ground. The mousy beta reached over onto James’ bed and stole another one of the chocolate toads that they had gotten from their most recent Honeydukes raid. 

“James?” Lily asked politely as she walked over to the beds that they were currently occupying.

“Yes?” James asked, turning to face the alpha. He tried to ignore the eagerness inside of him that the mere thought of her created.

Her cheeks turned nearly as dark as her hair as she reached into her bag. She grasped the fuzzy blanket and pulled it out, handing it to him. “I thought that you could use this for your nest,” she smiled briefly before her nerves overcame her and she darted out of the bedroom. 

James grabbed one side of the blanket and let it fall out of the folded position, bringing it to his nose. He let out an excited, omegan chirp as he smelled the lovely rose and cinnamon that was uniquely her. He wrapped it close to him, burying himself in the fabric as he began to purr.

“Sirius, I think you should go check the nesting closet to make sure that there are still some things left for James. I think that the sixth years may have taken it all,” Remus said as he gently shut the book.

Peter looked more confused than ever, “Why would James need nesting materials?”

Sirius laughed, “Come on, mate. It’s not like he’s been hiding it for the last couple years.”

“What?” Peter asked, bringing his hands out to the sides to accentuate his confusion.

Sirius brought back an armful of blankets and pillows, dumping them onto his best friend’s bed. James immediately set to work, bringing them into an oval with the scratchier blankets on the bottom and then the softer ones on top. He made sure to treat the blanket that Lily had given him as carefully as he could, purring louder whenever he touched it. He simply couldn’t believe that the alpha he had been crushing on was finally officially courting him.

“Wait, James is an omega?”



WARNINGS: Sexually explicit content and sexual exploration

Harry felt sticky with sweat and mud as he trudged through the halls. He had changed out of his soaked robes when he was back in the locker rooms, but the showers had been temporarily out of order for nearly three months. He hurried as quickly as he could, knowing that he would get in a lot of trouble if he was found tracking mud throughout the entire castle. The quidditch captain pressed the door to the bathroom he got to use with the Prefects open and entered. He set down the extra clothes that he had brought down on one of the benches and turned around. He felt his eyes widen as the sight in front of him finally registered in his mind.

He had walked in on a few of the other captains or prefects using them before, but never Hermione. She was fully naked and submerged in the soapy water of the large tub. Her hair was lying flat against her back with the weight of the droplets running down her pale skin into the larger body. Harry felt his cock harden slightly in his pants, the arousal not at all hidden with the garments that he was wearing.

He felt a little creepy watching her and chose to clear his throat, “Hermione,” he spoke up.

“Harry!” she gasped as she whirled around. She clamped her arms down over her breasts, which were acting surprisingly buoyant in the water. “H-how long have you been there?”

“I just walked in,” he replied, his face turning about as dark as hers had with embarrassment. 

“You got that hard with watching me bath for just a few seconds?” she asked, though she clamped a hand over her mouth as soon as the words had tumbled from it.

“I suppose I did,” he looked away from her. 

There was a heavy silence in the room for a while. Hermione balled her hands up into fists underneath the water and cleared her mind. She had been crushing on Harry for far too long for her to back out now when he was so obviously aroused by her. “Why don’t you come and show me how aroused you are? I could give you a lesson about the female body and you could give me a lesson about the male one. I can only know so much from books.”

“That’s awfully forward of you, Hermione,” he whispered. Harry was already tearing his shirt off of his head and working on his pants as he walked over to her. 

“I’ve given up on trying to be subtle as you don’t pick up on anything that’s not shoved under your nose,” she teased. She moved back in the tub so that he had room to get in. “I do want you to get rid of all the dirt first. It can get kind of nasty if dirt gets into any intimate parts.”

Harry did as he was told. He got down into the magically enchanted water, which was the perfect temperature as always. He scrubbed all of the mud and dirt off of his skin with one hand. He was done within a matter of seconds and swam forward in the deep water so that he could be closer to Hermione.

“Lesson one,” she caught his hand. “Breasts.” She moved his fingers and palm so that he was cupping his hand and had it just above the water. She grasped her own breast, bringing it so that it rested within his hand. 

The taller of the two brought his other hand to rest on her hip while he let the heavy weight in his hand roll over his palm a few times. He brought his mouth down to the breast and pressed several kisses to the silky smooth flesh. His tongue ducked out from between his lips as the words that Hermione was speaking rolled through his mind. “Don’t squeeze them. Even if you read about that in books, it doesn’t feel pleasurable for most women. You should instead brush fingers, lips, and tongue over it,” her voice broke at the last work as she felt his tongue dart over her breast.

He moved his face further and further down, unable to make her breast go any higher so he had to move instead. He got more and more bold as he began to wring noises from her. The moans and mewls echoed off of the high ceilings. Harry was soon licking full stripes down her breast, and when he had covered nearly the entire top half with his saliva moved his thumb so that the pad was brushing over her nipple.

“Harry!” Hermione gasped. She jerked back in the water with the surprise of the sudden burst of pleasure. 

“Did I do something wrong?” Harry asked worriedly, his brows knitting together to demonstrate his concern.

“No, I just wasn’t expecting that,” she flushed. “I also think that if I let you keep doing that, I would have cum before we got to the really exciting things.”

The younger teenager beamed. “I guess I should repay you by teaching you about the male body, huh?”

Underneath the water, his hand reached out and grasped her own. His other hand was still firmly planted on the small of her back to keep her close. He made sure to apply just enough pressure that she wouldn’t float away in the immense tub, but not enough to keep her there if she wanted to pull away. His cock ached with the need to be touched, and Harry bit out a small moan as he wrapped her lithe fingers around his engorged shaft.

“Are all men as big as you?” she asked, the pink dusting her cheeks and ears now permanently there.

“I don’t think so. I’m also really turned on,” he whispered. He left her hand there and placed his own on her shoulder to brace himself. “Now, if you want to pleasure a man you should bring your hand up and down in small motions.”

She did as she had been instructed to. Her hand slowly moved up his cock so that the tip of her palm heel was touching his head and then she flipped her wrist around and moved it back down. “Like this?”

“Merline, Hermione, yes,” he moaned, thrusting up into her hand. He let her continue like that for a few minutes, soaking in all of the pleasure that she was willing to give him. When he felt the coil in his gut begin to wind up that warned him that his orgasm was approaching, he grasped her wrist underneath the water and removed her hand from his cock. “Teach me how to pleasure you,” he mumbled.

Hermione nodded wordlessly. She brought her hand up behind his head and brought their lips together in a fierce kiss. They were both so aroused and pent up, that the kiss was filled with more passion and fire than any that they had experienced before. 

The smaller of the two had to pull away when she reached the edge of the tub. She hefted herself up onto the ledge, spreading her legs slightly. She placed a calf on Harry’s shoulder so that she could show off her cunt a bit better. Goosebumps pricked her skin from more than just the temperature difference.

She ran one hand down her folds until she hit the midpoint, and then she spread them so that he could see her slick entrance. “Give me your hand,” she reached for his hand with her unoccupied one. 

It took Harry a moment to snap out of his mystified trance, but as soon as he did he obeyed. She took it and brought it to her folds. She bent two of his fingers down and wrapped his thumb around them. Hermione bit her lip as she brought the two extended fingers to her cunt, pressing them just to her entrance.

“Just slid in,” she instructed, releasing her hand from her hold. Harry quickly did as he was told, moving all of his fingers entirely into her without a moment’s hesitation. Hermione moaned, throwing her head back as pleasure overcame her. She had to quickly move a hand behind her so that she wouldn’t fall over from the force of the action.

“What do I do now?” Harry asked, his fingers twitching and moving slightly inside of her. 

Hermione grabbed his hand with her own, unable to form words any longer. She moved his thumb so that it was rubbing against her clit. “Rub with your thumb, move in and out with your fingers,” she whispered breathlessly.

The pleasure that followed after wasn’t anything that she had experienced before. Hermione had explored her body to the utmost of her ability, but nothing could match the feelings that she got when someone else was fingering her. She mewled and rocked her hips up with the snapping thrusts that came from Harry's hand. When she felt her own orgasm building, she slipped into the tub after looping one of her legs around her friend’s waist. She brought her hand underneath the water and grasped his cock again.

They cummed together, Harry spurting into the water and Hermione clamping down around his hand.



WARNINGS: Vampires, mentions of blood, and death

The magic of the night tingled in the air, making everything come alive with a kind of static electricity. It rubbed up against the skin as they all struggled to wake up in time for their preparations.  Hermione was nuzzled in between her two lovers, tucked protectively under the heavy autumn quilts that they had pulled out of storage just a mere few weeks ago. Harry’s hand was behind her head, most likely so that he could touch Draco, and his other hand rested heavily on her hip. Draco had his nose pressed against the back of her neck, right next to where she had been bitten and turned some hundred years ago.

“Are you awake?” Hermione mumbled when she felt one of them, she wasn’t sure who, shift around on the bed.

“A bit,” Harry murmured in reply. He removed his arms from around her and sat up on their bed instead. “It’s Sahmain,” he yawned.

“I think we can all feel that. I also know how to read a calendar, love. Even if I am older than you by several hundred years,” Draco snorted from the other side of the bed.

“I suppose that we should get up if we want to make it to the gathering before it’s already over,” Hermione said softly. She wanted nothing more than to bury herself in the warmth of the quilt and her lovers, to sleep there for the next decade or so. However, she is still young enough to cherish the small amount of time that mortals have, much like they do to their pets.

“If you think that you can get Harry to shower before midnight, I’ll go and start making some breakfast for us,” Draco said, throwing the quilt off of the bed entirely so that the three of them were exposed to the cold air all at the same time.

Hermione shrieked and pulled her long legs up close to her. She was wearing a small pair of shorts that barely covered her ass and one of her husband’s shirts. She turned to the side and burrowed further into the hold of her taller lover. “I’ll get up if you promise to make the blood-wine glaze for the pancakes I like,” Harry said as he placed his chin on the top of her head. 

Unlike most popular portrayals of vampires, they didn’t need to feed off of live prey. For modern vampires, the idea and taste of pure blood was actually quite disgusting. Instead, they ate close-to-raw meat in the cases where it wouldn’t give them diseases, and drank wine mixed with blood. They could eat normal mortal foods as well, since those things helped them keep flushed skin and weight on their bones, but they didn’t need them to survive.

“Deal,” Draco beamed. He quickly moved around the side of the bed and pressed their lips together in a sweet kiss. His fangs popped back out cutely, resting on his lower lip as he got into the bathroom first. All three of them were very careful to avoid kissing each other with their fangs out, as they were the most sensitive parts of the vampire body.

As soon as Draco had exited from the shower, wearing only his dress pants for that day so that he wouldn’t soil his dress shirt, Hermione and Harry moved. The only woman of their relationship slipped into the shower while Harry cleaned his face and brushed his teeth. Draco and Hermione showered around dusk while Harry showered around dawn before bed.

Their morning was quiet and quick, as it needed to be for what they had planned later that day. “Do you think I should put the chocolate at the bottom of the bowl so that they don’t take it all in the beginning?” Hermione asked once they had finished with breakfast. Draco was in the cellar as he looked for the wine that they had been aging since Hermione’s re-birth. This was the anniversary of her hundredth year as a vampire and he wanted it to be special.

“Just mix it together so that it doesn’t seem as obvious,” Harry replied over his shoulder. 

Draco poured out half of the wine into a container and mixed it with blood before he corked both of the bottles. “Did you say that Sirius and Remus are going to be there this time?”

“Yes, they said that they could make it out tonight,” Harry beamed. He had missed his godfathers more than anything in the world, and had been longing to see them for some time now.

Draco nodded and left to go and finish putting the touches to his outfit. When he exited, he looked every bit the regal vampire lord that he really was. His white hair was slicked back, only a few strands being allowed to freely hang down into his blood red eyes. His teeth hung dark and menacing over his lips. He was wearing a pair of black slacks with a midnight black button-up dress shirt. He had on his cape as well. It clasped just over his collarbone with an elaborate, pure-gold chain. It flared well over his shoulders and draped dramatically to the ground. The entire outside of the cloak was embroidered with extravagant flowers in red and gold. The inside was lined with the best fur that you could get back in the Victorian Era.

“You look wonderful, Draco,” Harry beamed. He had chosen to dress in something a little less showy. He had chosen his best suit, with nice pants and a deep silvery shirt over the top. His cloak was far less decorated than Draco’s It was a simple green piece that wrapped around his shoulders and clasped in the front with a silvery pin. The back was embroidered with red emeralds hanging from the eyes of the great snake that symbolized Harry’s heritage and power.

“How do I look?” Hermione said nervously as she walked down their grand staircase into the living room. She was the one that was always most nervous when it came to dressing up because it meant that people would be looking at her. She didn’t have a vampire family crest like Draco and Harry did either, despite being married to them both. 

Their wife had dressed in a gorgeous red ball gown. It started just underneath her collarbone and above her breasts. The sleeves were nearly nonexistent as they were just two strips of fabric that rested on her arms. The fabric curved gently around her bosom and then came down tightly around her hips and waist. It stopped just after her hips and flowed into a beautiful full skirt. The blood red of the top changed to a black ombre into the same red color once again. The entire dress had an overlay of red lace that was the same style as the gold and red embroidery on the back of Draco’s cloak. There were also little black pearls stitched into the center of each flower. There was a silver belt around her waist in the form of a snake eating its own tale, which symbolized their immortality. She had put her hair back in two braids that started at her temples. She had only done the first half of her hair, leaving the other half to hang down against her back. She had a gentle black eyeliner around her eyes and deep red lipstick over her lips.

Harry closed his mouth and swallowed harshly. He was just able to pull his fangs back before he wrapped his arms around his wife’s waist and brought her into a passionate kiss. “You look wonderful, my dear,” Harry murmured when he was finally able to pull himself away from the kiss.

“This is going to be the best ball you’ve ever gone to, if you look like that,” Draco winked. “Harry and I will have to make sure that everyone knows who you’re married to, lest they try to take you from us.”

Hermione giggled, “No one would be able to woo me the way that you two do.”

“Good,” Harry replied. 

“Ah, your gloves,” Draco remembered, snapping his fingers. He brought out the pair of silky black gloves. Hermione took them with a slightly flush and tugged them over her arms so that they rested in the middle of her upper arm

He offered her his arm and slowly led her from their home. Before they had quite gotten out of the doorway, Harry grabbed the cloak lying on the couch in their formal entertaining space. He whirled it around his wife and beamed widely as he did up the silvery clasp. The cloak had his snake on the back of it with one of the Malfoy flowers clenched in its mouth. “Now everyone will know that you are ours,” Draco said softly.

“And I’ll be warm,” she teased. She looped her arm around Draco’s and hefted her skirt up with the other hand so that she could see where she was going as she walked.

 The towering, menacing victorian home loomed behind them as they continued on their way. 

In the middle of the street, there was a carriage with two skeletal horses drawing it. Draco opened the door and held his arm out to Hermione, helping her up the steep steps as her heels never agreed with the small slats. Harry was the last to get in, sitting across from Hermione and next to Draco since her dress was large enough to need an entire seat to herself.

The ride was quiet, leaving them to talk about what they expected to happen that night. When they got there, Draco helped Hermione out of the carriage while Harry spotted her from behind. They walked up the grand steps of the manor and into the hallway. Draco handed off the bottle of wine to the butler while keeping the bloodwine for them to give their hosts in person.

“I forgot how lovely Hogwarts could look,” Hermione mused softly. 

“It looks so much different than when it was a school,” Harry nodded in agreement. He looped his arm around her other arm that Draco wasn’t currently using. 

As soon as they entered the ballroom, there was someone calling for a member of their trio. “Harry!” Ron beamed as he hurried over to his best friend. “I haven’t seen you in ages!”

“Mate, how have you been?” Harry laughed, hugging the redhead back. 

“Viktor and I have been moving from England to Bulgaria. Mum was livid when she found out that another one of her children was turned, so she wasn’t too upset when I was going to be moving away,” he laughed lightheartedly. Ron was a descendent from the first banshee, and his line was very important to the both of his parents. He had, however, fallen in love with the Vampire King in Bulgaria and was now both a banshee and a vampire. His eldest brother had married a veela, his second oldest brother had turned into a dragon, and his youngest sister was now courting a strange Fae woman.

“You’ll have to tell us when you’re done so that we can come visit,” Hermione said politely as she looked from her best friend to her husband.

“We will, don’t worry,” Ron smiled. He was tugged back into the crowd by one of the many children that Bill and Fleur had already brought into the world.

“Well if it isn’t my favorite trio,” a familiar voice called once they had moved further into the ballroom, around the crowds of supernatural creatures that they knew from their school-years and pre-undead lives. It was almost astounding how many people they knew were undead creatures.

“Uncle Sirius!” Harry beamed as he threw his arms around the aging werewolf.

“It’s good to see you, my boy,” he replied as he hugged his godson back. Remus stood a few inches behind him, smiling softly at the antics of his lover. They had been married since they were freshly turned werewolves, so it was rare that you ever saw them far from the other. 

“Hermione,” Remus took her hand and gave her a soft kiss to the cheek like the proper gentleman that he was. “You look radiant, my dear.”

“Thank you. One hundred years as a vampire will do that to you,” she laughed gently.

“This is one hundred years, is it?” Sirius gasped, his eyes going wide with shock. She flushed and merely nodded as she was scooped up into a hug as well. “Congratulations! You’ve picked two amazing people to spend the rest of your eternity with, seeing as you’ve made it past the hundred year mark.”

“Now we just have to wait until the Summer Solstice to do the life-bonding ritual,” Draco nodded with pride.

They talked a bit longer about what the ritual would entail and the kinds of things that they wanted to do, but soon the music picked up. Draco and Hermione stood off to the side as they watched some of the bolder undeads dance around the room with each other. Once they had both half a bottle of blood wine each, they felt bold enough to join in the festivities. 

Harry had already been dancing with some of the younger girls who were left around the edges of the room because their dates had abandoned them for someone ‘prettier.’ 

As Sahmain edged on deeper and deeper into the night, more people ate, drank and danced. They all had a lovely time as they could finally be who they really wanted to be. The ghosts from the other realm entered and danced with their non-passed loved ones once the clock struck midnight. Hermione was overjoyed to be able to dance with her father again.



WARNINGS: Discrimination

Tensions always ran high during Order meetings, which was something that should have been expected given what they were doing and discussing during each meeting. Despite the high tensions, they often tried to keep civil with each other. They couldn’t afford to be fighting with each other since there was a much bigger enemy that they needed to be focusing on.

However, things had gotten even more heated than they normally did. Sirius had just been assigned on a reconnaissance mission with someone that he loathed, though he should have grown up and gotten over himself now, seeing as it had been literal decades and many life-saving actions since their petty school feud. 

“I’m not going to work with him!” Sirius cried, throwing his arms up above his head in exasperation.

“Why?” Minerva asked into her hands. She had been having enough hardships with running the school since Dumbledore had been traveling around the country doing Lord knows what, leaving her in charge. She had no energy to be dealing with the antics of her old students.

“Because he’s a Death Eater,” Sirius seethed.

“Would you just shut up?” Severus screamed. His face was red and his lips were bleeding weakly from the amount of biting that he had done to be able toc control himself up until this point. “Shut up!” 

“Why? Because I called you out on something and you’re worried that you’re not going to be able to suck your Dark Lord’s cock anymore?” the other man asked.

Severus grabbed the item closest to him, which happened to be a heavy glass lamp. He threw it at the other man, but before it could hit him, Sirius turned into his dog form and quickly bolted out of the room. 

“You two are both children!” Minerva shrieked as she got up and hurried out of the room as well. 

Severus wasn’t listening to anyone, just grabbing more of the old artifacts on the desk and throwing them at other walls. He tore books off of shelves and smashed picture frames against the magically enchanted window. Remus had been trying to stay, but eventually he had to slip out so that he could avoid being hurt by the tirade of destruction that was currently happening. 

The younger of the two waited on the other side of the wall, his ear pressed to the door so that he could enter when Severus had calmed down. He was running his finger on the woolen fabric of his jumper as his heart pounded in his chest. As much as he loved Sirius, and he really did, he had to side with the other party in this argument. 

Once the sounds of breaking glass and angered shouts had finally died down, Remus rose off of the floor. He grasped the doorknob and took a deep breath to steal his nerves. He turned it and entered all at once so that his anxiety couldn’t stop him from doing so. “Snape? Are you alright?” he asked worriedly.

“Why do you care?” the other wizard seethed. The entire study had been destroyed, with books and glass littered over the floor. It wasn’t too bad, nothing that a little magic couldn’t fix, but it was clear the way that Severus felt. He was sitting in the middle of the destruction with his hands in his lap, his eyes cast down as the blood from the small wounds criss crossed over his palm.

“I care because I care about you,” he replied simply. He moved carefully over the shards of class so that he was standing over Severus. He brought himself down so that he was closer to the other wizard. 

They were just in each other’s presence for a moment before the taller of the two let out a wet sob. Tears had been collecting in his dark eyes for some time, but the presence of Remus had pushed them over the edge. They cascaded down his face rapidly, accentuated by the small sobs that were bursting forth from his mouth every now and again. His shoulders shook with the force of his cries, bringing forth the sorrow that had been stewing deep inside of him for a very long time.

Remus quickly kneeled down on the pieces of broken glass, reminding himself that he could heal the small cuts with a flick of his wand. He wrapped his arms tightly around the other man, bringing him into a comforting hold. “What’s wrong?” he asked softly.

“I would have thought that it was obvious,” the other man mumbled. 

“I can always make a guess, but I prefer not to make judgements on people without knowing the full story,” he replied softly. His hand was now moving in soft circles to try and help comfort the man even more.

Severus swallowed harshly, wiping the tears off on the edge of his sleeve. “I hate it when people remind me about the Dark Mark. I was a young child when I got it, and I didn't understand what I was doing. I had been exposed to the worst kind of Muggles my entire life, and then when I came to Hogwarts wizards seemed so much better. But then I was still bullied by Purebloods like Potter and Black,” he seethed.

The werewolf felt his face twist slightly at the words. He loved his friends, but they did far more damage than they thought they did. “I don’t think that James and Sirius ever meant to really hurt you, they just don’t know where the line is,” Remus reasoned.

“I can tell,” Severus rolled his eyes slightly. “I didn’t want to actually kill all muggle borns and muggles, I just wanted to be somewhere that I fit in. When I found out that he had tried to kill a baby and that he had killed Lily, I knew that I wouldn’t be able to serve under him. I went back to Dumbledore and that’s when I became the triple agent. I’m trying to repent for what I did, but there’s always people like him reminding me that I never will.”

Remus stayed quiet for a while as he collected his thoughts and was able to formulate a proper response. There were so many feelings bubbling around in his chest that he knew he would just spout them all out if he wasn’t careful about this. “Severus, you are trying to repent for what you did. I understand this and I can see it. But Sirius just knows you as one of the reasons that his best friend died…”

The answer elicited another sob from the downtrodden wizard. Remus’ mouth twisted once more in frustration. He gently took one of Severus’ hands into his own and brought his wand out with the other. He rubbed the tip of the wand over the cut, healing it, as he spoke, “A lot of people are very scared and stressed right now, because of everything that’s going on. This means that not all of them are going to be able to control themselves and that leaves the worst, meanest parts of them. You may have been a Death Eater at one point, but now you’re a part of the Order.”

“What I’m trying to say, at least,” Remus flushed as he took the other hand and began to heal the cuts there, “is that you’re obviously trying and taking steps the right direction. His eyes darted up to meet the other wizard’s for just a moment before he looked back down. He had long since finished healing the cuts and was now using it as an excuse to cling to Severus for as long as he could. 

All of the air escaped his lungs as another pair of lips fell into place on top of his. Remus pressed back with equal pressure to what the other man was doing. The kiss was over before he really processed what was going on, and his eyes fluttered open. He could feel the blush plastered to his cheeks as a smile flitted over his face.

Severus looked from his lips to the other man’s eyes and let out a small laugh as he smiled as well.

 The two of them surged together after a mere five seconds had passed. This kiss lasted a long longer than the first. Remus moved his hand behind the other man’s head to bring him closer, kissing him as hard as he could. Severus brought his heeled hands up to the hair of the werewolf, keeping him there as long as he could. There was a fiery, unspoken passion in it as teeth and tongue were thrown haphazardly into the mix.

When they pulled back, both wizards were flushed and their lips were now very kiss-swollen. Remus flushed and cleared his throat as he moved away slightly. Neither of them seemed like they were ready to talk about what happened. 

Severus quickly wrapped his arms around the other man and tucked his head into the crook of his neck. Remus quickly returned the hug, rocking them back and forth soothingly for a moment. “Thank you,” Severus murmured.

“Of course,” the other wizard nodded firmly.

Severus stared at him for a couple more seconds before he got up and Floo-ed back home. 

Remus sat on the floor, his mind racing over what had just happened for a few seconds. The aching in his knees was the only thing that kept him from getting too lost in his thoughts. He got up and healed himself before he began to put everything back where it belonged, using bits of magic to do so. Once the entire room was put back the way that it had been before the rage-induced destruction, he drifted back to the room he was staying in.

The werewolf fell down onto his bed with a thunk, a smile gracing his features once more. His heart fluttered dramatically inside of his chest and he giggled softly. He felt like a thirteen-year-old again, giddy with puppy love and the fact that his crush had just kissed him. Hopefully something like that would happen again in the future.
