"Have you given it any further thought, my dragon?"

At the sound of Narcissa's delicate soprano, Draco looked up from his breakfast plate. He'd fascinated himself with pushing his eggs benedict around the rim of the porcelain, ignoring his mother's attempts at conversation on what could be the most devastating day of both of their lives. His grey irises lit upon her face, taking in the way the lines around her mouth had deepened and the way the light never quite reached her eyes anymore. His heart wrenched for his mother, and he felt remorse settle deep into the pit of his stomach. He spent the majority of his days lamenting his decisions and he truly believed he was the cause for her melancholy.

"Thought to what, mother?" he asked, his voice coming out in a murmur.

"To your class schedule for the year." The Pureblood witch dabbed at the corner of her mouth with an ebony linen napkin. She didn't seem surprised that he hadn't been listening to her, and she certainly didn't appear miffed, but Draco felt chastised nonetheless.

"Oh," he said, and he set his fork down. His voice had an airy quality to it, as though he were tired or his energy were drawn. "Well, yes, I suppose I have given it some thought."

He didn't want to talk about his Eighth Year, the special year Headmistress McGonagall had set up for last year's Seventh Year students. He didn't want to talk about the plans he didn't have, and the goals he'd never gotten around to setting, and the failure he was terrified of becoming. He wished his mother didn't put on airs. He didn't want her to pretend that they weren't going to watch the Wizengamot destroy their family today. He wanted her to tell him that they were both going to be okay. That no matter what happened, everything would turn out all right. Because even though he was eighteen and a man in the eyes of the wizarding world, he felt like a child who'd been put onto a bike with no wheels for the first time.

Before the war, he knew exactly who he was and what he wanted. Now, he could hardly sleep without nightmares, let alone possess enough energy to sit and think about his class schedule.

Narcissa's perfectly coiffed salt-and-pepper hair and satin dress robes looked a bit out of place amongst the emptiness of their once great dining hall. The Aurors had taken everything - even the paintings on the walls. Their long dining table had been confiscated because Voldemort had held court around it, and now, they sat down at a much smaller four-person table that his mother had transfigured from a dusty footstool.

When the one House Elf they had left in their employ came to bring them breakfast, it had taken her a much longer time to walk across the empty hall to their table than normal. Draco hadn't been able to look away from the frown on his mother's face when the elf did so. Typically, with the longer table, the Malfoy family would have seated themselves closer to the entrance. Therefore, the elves didn't have far to walk.

"Tinky," Narcissa had chided. "You know you can Apparate right beside the table."

"Tinky knows," the three-foot tall creature had stated. Her large nose wrinkled as she offered her mistress an encouraging smile. "Tinky just likes the exercise, miss."

Draco knew her short legs did not like the exercise of walking across the forty-foot long dining room. Tinky just didn't want Narcissa to be reminded of the fact that everything was gone. After Narcissa presented her with clothes that past June, Tinky was just as dear as a member of the family; the last thing Draco thought she would want to do is upset Narcissa.

"And what have you chosen?" his mother pressed before taking a demure bite of her eggs. Her cerulean eyes fixed on him, and he sensed a desperation for normalcy hanging in the air about her head that rivaled his own.

"I need several to pass my N.E.W.T.s," he mumbled, picking his goblet up and taking a sip of his water. "Likely Potions, Charms, Transfiguration, Ancient Runes, and Defence Against the Dark Arts."

"Indeed?" Narcissa responded, her dark brows arching with grace. "Ancient Runes? Do they really require runic knowledge to be an Auror?"

Because his parents had never exactly been interested in what he did for personal study, Draco felt an awkwardness rising up within him. He bit his lower lip, holding his goblet with one hand while tapping his fingernails on the wooden table with the other. His eyes slid to the right, to where his father would likely sit if he were home. He could almost visualize his father's disapproving stare.

School had always been perceived by Lucius as a means to an end. Not only did his father want Draco to take over his private financing company, Malfoy Association & Trust, but his bones would rattle in the cage of his skin if he knew Draco had any fleeting desire to become an Auror. The Malfoy legacy was steeped in the Dark Arts and magic of shadows - why ever would Draco want to break tradition?

Draco feared his mother would ask him not to take the class, and he feared even more that he would do whatever she told him to do.

"They do not require it," Draco said, because he couldn't lie. Rather, he could lie, but when it came to Narcissa, he had no desire to. "I have a personal interest in Runes."

Narcissa, much to Draco's astonishment, nodded and gave him another smile. "I support you exploring personal interests this year, Draco. I think it's an excellent idea. It will warm my heart to know that you'll be occupied with entertaining pursuits at Hogwarts, rather than ones that do not bring you happiness."

Draco's heart clenched and he averted his eyes again. The truth hung unspoken between them in the dust-heavy, oppressive air of the disgraced Malfoy Manor. Narcissa wanted her son to have a good, fun year because she would not, in fact, be having a good, fun year. Her year would be spent tucked away in Greece, leaving the despair of the Manor behind for a small chateau near the coast of Denmark.

It was best for her to be as close to Lucius as possible, not wandering listlessly about an empty house that no longer felt like home.

"Thank you, mother," Draco said, and the corners of his lips twitched up into softness. "But do know: I'm still unsure of what I want to do after graduation."

Narcissa said, "Oh? You no longer have the desire to become an Auror? I thought you spoke of following that pathway just this past July?"

"I know I spoke of it," Draco said, and he lifted his hands to his platinum blond hair to brush his bangs out of his eyes. "But I don't . . . I don't suspect they will take me. Not after . . . Well, everything."

"What would you do instead?" Narcissa didn't look angry, like Draco knew his father would be if he knew how indecisive Draco was being.

Draco opened his mouth to speak, but trepidation held his words back. He had no idea what he wanted to do, and he knew it would stress Narcissa to have to worry over him while she was busy worrying over his father. And with how stressful that day's events were bound to be, he didn't want to exacerbate any anxieties she might be harboring.

"I'll know fairly soon after term starts," he told her. "I promise."

"Good," she said, and she set her fork down, her eyes falling upon his still-full plate. "Will you not be eating your meal?"

"I'm not quite hungry," Draco said, and he placed his elbows on the arms of his chair. He steepled his fingers in front of his face and allowed himself to wander his thoughts for a brief moment.

He knew not eating would only serve to concern her of his well-being, but his stomach felt like it had been twisted into a bowtie. He felt queasy as well, and worried that the nerves would cause him to heave the breakfast up if he ate it. And when he glanced back up at his mother, when he saw the way she was quite visibly masking her sadness with her impeccable appearance and questions about his Eighth Year, he knew for sure that she needed him well today. Not ill and hurling eggs benedict all over the floor of the Ministry.

Before Narcissa could reply, the wand that she had laid on the table began to tremble. Draco didn't miss the flash of terror in her eyes before she carefully disguised it behind a Pureblood smile.

"Come, my dragon," she said demurely, rising to her feet in one fluid moment. "It's time."

Draco stood and smoothed out the lapels of his black suit jacket. He adjusted the buttons and took a deep breath. In just a matter of thirty minutes or less, he'd be laying eyes on his father for the first time in over two months, and he wasn't sure he'd be able to look at him directly. He'd been ashamed of his father for a lot longer than anyone would suspect. Seeing his father in a cage especially reserved for Death Eaters, spikes pointed inward along the bars to prevent movement and magical chains around his wrists that prohibited wandless spells, would most assuredly provide Draco with the cherry on the top of his shame sundae.

"Here," Narcissa said, standing before him when they were at the Floo in the Drawing Room. "Let me adjust your hair, love."

Draco leaned into the soothing touch of his mother's slender fingers in his hair, his eyes scanning the barren room with its high ceilings and shattered windows. They'd never bothered to fix the windows after the Aurors destroyed them out of pure hatred for their family. Narcissa had said it didn't matter, not when the entire house was a reminder of their ordeal. In any case, Draco hated the Drawing Room for more reasons than one. This room was where the Dark Lord had ensured that he had no real choice in which side to fight on, the room where he'd experienced the singular worst moment of his life by taking the Dark Mark, and the room where another equally shameful event had taken place.

His eyes lingered on the spot on the cold floor where she'd lain, sprawled out under the pain of the cruciatus. When Draco's cowardice had reached a height of no return - when Draco had stood by and listened to her scream and to his aunt Bellatrix as she laughed and laughed and laughed.

Narcissa's tender hand against his angular face snapped him back to the present, and his eyes locked with hers. She smiled again, but the light still didn't reach her eyes.

"It's going to be alright," she said, patting his cheek once. "No matter what you choose to do with your future after Hogwarts, it will be alright and I will be here. Don't fret."

Draco lifted his hand and caressed his mother's cheek with the back of his fingers. "I would also like to say the same to you, mother. No matter what happens today with father."

Draco and Narcissa rarely spoke of Lucius after his arrest, and after the Aurors came and took everything but the family portraits, their beds, and their clothing, they didn't speak of him at all. But now the day had come - the day of Lucius's penultimate sentencing - and the amount of words Draco wanted to share with his mother were so numerous that they weighed down his heart. He loved his father, and it was love that made his shame feel like a betrayal. Especially with Draco moving through the rest of his life knowing that his father had chosen to shoulder the brunt of the family's crimes, taking the punishment that all three of them should be sharing just so his wife and son could be safe and happy.

Draco had almost landed himself in a cell beside his father's, however, when the Aurors came. One of them was handsy with Narcissa when he'd destroyed a glass vase that had been given to her by her mother. She'd thrown herself at him in a fit of tears, and he'd slapped her in response. Draco had rushed from where he'd been salvaging some books in the Malfoy Library to the East Wing only to discover an Auror not much older than himself beating Narcissa about the head with his fists. The fit of possessive rage that overcame him was too much to handle, especially after watching a particularly nasty wizard set Abraxas Malfoy's portrait on fire with a diffindo spell, and it had taken three wizards to subdue him. It was only the kindness of a female Auror that had kept him from being arrested and while he was glad for it, he couldn't help but wish that she'd just thrown him in jail with his father if only to shorten Lucius's possible sentence.

The once illustrious Malfoy family barely existed amongst their own shadows, and Draco felt sick to his stomach knowing how pitiful it was to wish you could be imprisoned with your father as a sacrifice.

A loud pop sounded out, and Tinky appeared directly beside Draco. Her smile appeared genuine, revealing a mouth full of missing teeth.

"Tinky wanted to say good luck," she said, curtsying in the simple cotton dress Narcissa had sewn for her. "Tinky hopes the master Lucius will be able to return home soon."

Draco saw his mother's chin tremble ever-so-slightly, and he took the opportunity to kneel down in front of the little elf. He fixed her with a smile and patted her on the top of the head. Tinky didn't know or understand how the world of wizards worked. He knew and Narcissa knew, but it didn't make her comment any less upsetting.

They both knew Lucius would never set foot in Malfoy Manor ever again.

"Thank you, Tinky," he said. "You're most kind. Will you watch over the Manor while we're out today?'

"Of course," Tinky said, voice chipper. "Tinky will be happy to dust, if you please."

"If Tinky pleases," Draco repeated, grinning widely and patting her on the head one more time. He stood.

"Much appreciated, my darling Tinky," Narcissa said, smiling down at the beaming elf, and then together with her son, she stepped into the Floo. With a tremble to her voice, she said, "British Ministry of Magic."

The speed of the Floo helped to dry the sweat from Draco's nervous palms.

Getting to the Ministry was the easiest part. It was getting past the mob of people, flashing camera bulbs, and yelling reporters that proved to be the most difficult. Draco had to use his full 189-centimeter height and a firm hand on his mother's back to get them past it all unharmed. But it was Narcissa that retained the strength. When voices in the crowd of onlookers began to hurl insults and jibes of "Death Eater scum!" their way, she held her head high and nose upturned, and it helped Draco to calm his swirling ire.

"Draco Malfoy! Narcissa Malfoy! Do you think they'll give Lucius the Kiss?" A reporter's voice screamed out above the others.

"After they're done, ask them to give you both the Kiss, too!" came another voice, and his comments caused a series of raucous laughs to erupt from crowd members, Ministry workers, and reporters alike.

Draco nearly stopped and spun to give them a kiss with his knuckles, but Narcissa shot him a scathing look in warning. Cowed, the eighteen-year-old lowered his gaze. He knew his mother was hurt by the words the same as he was, but she didn't want any more reason for their names to be in the papers than the reporters already possessed.

"Let them talk," Narcissa said to him in a clipped tone as they stood in front of the lifts. "It's naught we haven't heard before."

Draco banished the mental image of himself throwing punches left and right into the mob, and then the lift nearest them opened its doors for them. His anger had been steadily growing hotter and hotter over the months, and it had grown nigh unbearable in emotional moments. What with the amount of howlers they received via owl every day, Draco wasn't sure he'd be able to make it through one day at Hogwarts without getting into a fight. He had his sights set on a couple of Hufflepuffs already - ones who'd had the nerve to threaten his mother directly via the post.

They stepped into the blessedly-empty lift, turning to face the crowd of people outside and their angry voices. They raised their arms and held onto the straps that hung down while Narcissa told the attendant which floor they needed. The lift descended downward, each passing floor seeming to push on Draco's nerves.

What would Lucius look like, after his time in Azkaban so far? What would the Wizengamot say when they reiterated his crimes to him aloud and then decided his future as a prisoner of Azkaban prison? Would they be harsh or lenient? Would anyone come to speak for him before sentencing, to try and lend some form of support? Draco doubted it, especially with how despised their family was. Out of all the Pureblood families who'd thrown their lots in with Voldemort, the Malfoy family seemed to be the family the wizarding world hated the most. Even when Narcissa had come forward publicly for an interview on the front page of the Daily Prophet and announced that the Malfoy family was reneging on their previous stance against Muggle-blooded witches and wizards, there had been no respite from the vitriol. If something drastic didn't happen, Draco feared there would be no forgiveness for them, and Lucius's sentencing would provide no tourniquet for the bleeding rage of the wizarding world.

The corridor leading to the courtroom stretched long and quiet, the ink-black stones seeming dizzying with how heavy the darkness of the hall pressed in on them. In spite of the lit wall sconces, Draco felt like he needed to cast lumos just to make it to the door. He linked an arm through his mother's, who patted his elbow gratefully, and they made their way to the door.

A tall wizard in light blue robes stood by the door, and he offered no smile when he gazed across the space of the hallway at Draco.

"Narcissa Malfoy, you may enter," he said, his deep baritone making Draco's ears itch and crawl. "However, Draco Malfoy may not."

"What?" Draco blurted out, his arm tightening in indignance around his mother's. "Why not? He's my father!"

Narcissa looked pale, but said nothing, clearly nervous.

The wizard's beady eyes regarded Draco without emotion. "Due to Lucius's request that your crimes be considered his responsibility, given that you were recruited into You-Know-Who's ranks before the age of seventeen and were thus a minor, the Wizengamot has decided it best not to allow you to be present at court. Narcissa, as his wife, may enter and sit amongst the audience."

Draco wanted to protest, but something in the worried way his mother's lips curved downward told him it would be best if he just followed the rules. This day would be extremely difficult for his parents, and his mother had no need for any outbursts of immaturity. He swallowed his pride and his dismay at not getting to tell his father goodbye, and he turned to his mother.

"Will you be alright?" he asked, concern furrowing his brow as he placed his hands on her thin, frail shoulders. His mother was excellent at following rules if her loyalty to Lucius throughout the war was of any indication, and this surprise hadn't thrown a wrench in her calm demeanor. Still, he worried for her.

"I'll be most well, my dragon," she assured him, leaning up on the tips of her toes to press a chaste kiss to his cheek. "I shall see you afterward."

"Very well," he sighed. "I'll wait here."

Draco crossed the hall and leaned up against the wall with his hands in the pockets of his trousers and one foot kicked up against the wall. He watched the tall wizard and Narcissa disappear into the room, his eyes fixating on the room as the door swung open. He heard a cacophony of voices, and he saw the benches that lined the walls full to the brim with witches and wizards of all ages, but he could not see his father. Then, the door swung shut, and whatever silencing charms they had on the room settled in.

It grew quiet.

The blond let his eyes fall to the floor, studying the grey concrete grooves between the rectangular stones. Alone, there in that hallway, it felt very easy to let his guard down. He allowed his Occlumency walls to crumble, and the weight of his sadness sagged his shoulders. He hung his head, his bangs falling forward into his eyes, and he let himself wallow in his self-hatred for as long as necessary.

Draco blamed himself for this, for everything. For being weak and scared, for never standing up for himself, and for allowing his father to make such a sacrifice for him. Draco dreamed often of that night on top of the Astronomy Tower, remembering how violently his wand had trembled as he held it pointed at the only person who probably could have helped him. The only person who could have stopped the war from happening. Everything that happened after that, Draco knew was his fault.

He wished he could have spoken to Snape one last time and told him how much he owed the Slytherin professor for everything he'd done for him. How much he respected him for being the only person to truly accept Draco for who he was throughout the years. Severus had his shortcomings, the temper of a hissing rattlesnake, and a chip on his shoulder the size of Europe, but he was Draco's godfather. He was family. Snape was to Draco as Dumbledore was to Potter, and he advocated for Draco where others expected the worst.

And Draco wished he could have been there when he died.

Draco yearned for many things, and for many opportunities to go back and fix his mistakes. If he could go back to the beginning of Sixth Year, he never would have delved as far into the Dark Arts as he had. If he could go back, he'd turn nights spent poring over books about Dark Magic into nights spent sleeping soundly. He'd have destroyed the vanishing cabinet and shattered the bottle of poisoned wine before ever even sending it. He'd have chosen death over joining Voldemort's ranks and taking the Mark.

If he could go back, he wouldn't have stood there while Aunt Bella made her scream. He would have stepped forward and done something. He would have chosen the right side.

But Draco didn't have the courage of a Gryffindor. He had the self-preservation of a Slytherin, and so he'd chosen the route that would keep him alive. He'd truly believed that Voldemort was more powerful than any other wizard simply because Voldemort said so. Everything he'd ever lived by had been because his father told him so. So why would Voldemort have been any different?

Draco felt stupid, thinking that now. Voldemort had, in fact, been the weakest wizard to live. The snakelike buffoon had operated under the assumption that if he was terrifying enough, he could earn respect and rule the wizarding world. But he hadn't known that without earning the love of his subjects, a king cannot gain their respect. Voldemort's self-hatred of being born with Muggle blood had twisted his mind, but no matter how many speeches he gave, he'd never been able to twist anyone else's mind. Not truly.

Except maybe Aunt Bella's.

After Potter killed Voldemort and his body melted into dust and shadows, nearly every Death Eater defected instantaneously and showed up at the gates of the Ministry clamoring for leniency. Even Draco had done the cowardly thing and run for the hills with his parents and his regrets. Both he and his father would have to live with their Dark Marks for the rest of their lives - a wicked brand and testament to their poor decisions and the pain they'd not only caused, but had also endured.

And yet, nothing seemed to be as cowardly to Draco as that fateful night in the Drawing Room of Malfoy Manor. Draco remembered watching the House Elves scrub her blood from the stone floor by hand because something about the curse Bellatrix had used affected the ability to tergeo the blood. Spells wouldn't get rid of it, and so Bellatrix, angry about her encounter with Dobby, beat the elves and forced them to do it on their knees. The entire time, Draco had watched them with unfocused eyes, his self-hatred burning ever deeper.

Draco was jealous of Potter for having the friends he had, and yet one of the reasons he had those friends was due to his bravery. When faced with the opportunity, Draco hadn't possessed any bravery at all. He hadn't done anything. He'd just stood there.

As Draco lifted his arm, preparing to pull up his sleeve and look at the Mark out of habit, the soft clack-clack of shoes against the stone broke him out of his tormented reverie. He glanced up and his breath caught in his chest. At the same time as he laid eyes on the newcomer, the door to the courtroom opened, discordant noise pouring out in a jumbled mix of angry voices. The tall wizard in the cerulean robes stepped out and ignored Draco.

"Ah, Hermione!" he said, and just hearing her name spoken aloud made Draco's throat go dry.

Hermione Granger came to an abrupt halt in the center of the hallway, her eyes sliding over Draco for a millisecond before she rested them upon the tall wizard with warmth. Draco couldn't help but notice that her hair was not the wild mane he remembered, but was right then pulled up into a tight chignon at the base of her head. The severe hairstyle and prim beige business suit was so utterly Granger, and yet she looked nothing like he remembered. He hadn't ever noticed how dewy and clear her skin was, nor the heart shape of her face and the gentle slope of her narrow frame when they were growing up. He certainly had never noticed how the largeness of her eyes were surrounded by a thick fringe of long, dark lashes, nor how her lips were the absolute perfect size for her face. His eyes narrowed for the briefest of seconds.

When had she grown attractive?

Draco cursed internally, shaking the thoughts from his head as though they burned. She was a girl, likely eighteen just like him, and he was a boy. Most girls with legs were attractive, but Draco knew the reality. No amount of cleaning up would ever erase the way her cheeks flushed when she was screaming, nor the way her tears clung to those long lashes like morning dew when she wept.

What the Hell? he thought, repulsed by himself and his train of thought. His palms began to sweat.

He didn't think he'd be able to look at her much longer without his guilt from the Drawing Room overwhelming him. He felt ashamed. He was a far cry from the tough kid he used to be in school, patrolling the hallways with his lackeys and harassing kids he didn't think were as good as him. How could her wearing a boring pencil skirt and sensible two-inch mary jane heels mug him off so badly?

"Minister Shacklebolt," Granger said, and her smile shone pearly-white, full of a friendliness Draco had never experienced from her. She then greeted Malfoy out of her incessant need to be polite. "Malfoy."

Draco straightened his back and slammed his Occlumency walls into place to compartmentalize, pretending not to be irked by the way the kindness in her voice flattened into barely-concealed distaste. Not only did he not want her to know he'd been self-destructing in the hallway outside his father's sentencing hearing, but he didn't want either of the two people to realize that he hadn't known the man in blue was the new Minister of Magic. Had the Summer truly been so stressful that Draco hadn't been paying any attention to the news?

"That's Kingsley to you, Hermione," Minister Shacklebolt said. The monotone he'd given Draco and Narcissa had disappeared, to be replaced by one of sunlight and fond memories. It seemed obvious to Draco that these two were acquainted.

"Oh, of course!"

The tall wizard shook Granger's hand with enthusiasm. "Now, are you sure you want to do this?"

"Positive," Granger said, and her voice ran thick with strength. Her body stood rigid, chin tilted up in an almost defiant manner. She avoided Draco's gaze.

Draco felt a pit of dread open up in his stomach. Could she be here to make things worse for his father?

"Sure you want to do what?" he snapped, barely able to keep the sneer out of his voice. He already felt enough guilt and shame, and his family had suffered so much. If she were here to cause trouble, the sneer would be well-warranted.

Granger looked up at him. She spoke at him, but it appeared that she was talking to the stone wall by his head. She was a lot shorter than he remembered her being, or maybe he'd just never paid attention?

"I am here, Malfoy, to speak on your father's behalf," she said in a matter-of-fact voice. "Now, if you'll excuse me. Kingsley?"

"Yes, Hermione, this way," Minister Shacklebolt said, still ignoring Draco's presence. He led her inside, and for another few seconds, the loudness filled Draco's ears. Then, the door swung shut and quiet settled in again.

Though it was silent in the hallway, a cacophony of noise bounced around the walls of Draco's mind. He was screaming inside. Hermione Granger, Golden Girl and Warrior of Light, the know-it-all bookworm with the beaver teeth and bush for a head of hair, was speaking on behalf of Lucius Malfoy before the Wizengamot? He fell back against the wall again, one hand in his messy hair and the other on his hip. He felt so confused, and yet he also felt somewhat elated. To have one of the three heroes of the final battle against Voldemort speaking for his father was an honor. To have Granger do it? Surreal.

He hoped she made a difference.

Draco couldn't believe this was happening, and he had no idea that it would be occurring whatsoever. After everything he'd put her and her friends through, after his own contributions to the dark path Voldemort tried to take the world down, why would she want to help the Malfoy family in any way? And what did Potter think of her decision? He wasn't present, so obviously he either didn't feel the same, or he simply didn't know Granger was present and doing this. And if she could be secretive with Potter of all people, then what was the real reason she was here?

He narrowed his eyes at the closed courtroom door. Could Granger have some ulterior motive? Slytherins were nothing if not careful, so he didn't want to think too highly of the situation.

He flushed slightly when a mental image of her appeared before his mind's eyes, almost as if by attack, and he was unable to deny that she'd certainly grown into her looks. Also by attack, his memory reminded him of the small, secret flame he'd held for her during First Year, before his father had found out and lectured it out of him. He'd never really dealt with that, and sometimes, over the years, he wondered to himself if he'd teased her because he wanted her to feel bad about herself . . . Or if he'd done it to keep her at arm's-length.

He stood in the hallway for a good ten minutes, fidgeting with the buttons on his suit jacket and staring at the courtroom door. He wondered what she was saying about Lucius, what type of questions the Wizengamot could be throwing her way. Surely she couldn't have anything positive to say about him? To be truthful, if Draco were asked, he probably couldn't think of any qualities of his father's that didn't include insane loyalty to a fault and inherent racism. How would Granger have the memories available to provide something better?

When the door opened, Granger exited by herself, one of her hands coming up to tuck a loose curl behind her ear. In spite of her best efforts, the mane had attempted to escape the confines of the bun. Something about that amused Draco, but he ached for information so he ignored it.

Using Occlumency, he was careful to guard his rather raw emotions for his father and his prior thoughts about her. Instead, he focused on the peculiar shade of honey-brown in her irises, and caught her gaze with an intensity he hoped she hadn't the ability to break free of.

"Malfoy."

"Granger," he said, folding his arms across his chest. He tilted his head to the side, asking in a casual drawl, "How well did you mug my father off?"

"Oh, honestly, Malfoy," she scoffed, rolling her eyes. "Do you truly think I would do something so horrible?"

"Honestly, Granger, I believe you owe me no debts and you have nothing to lose by sending my father to Azkaban for the rest of his life," Malfoy said. And then, because something about the calm way she regarded him put him off, he drew his shoulders back and took a step toward her. Her head moved back marginally to allow herself to look up at him, and Malfoy's trademark sneer spread across his face. "What plans do you and Potter have? Are you here to exact some sort of hidden revenge?"

"Revenge?" Granger laughed, but it lacked mirth and her eyes remained hard as flint. Beside her thighs, her hands balled into fists. "I forgot how insufferable you could be. Is it so hard to believe there are good people in this world, Malfoy? That it's completely possible for good people to do good things for people just because they want to help?"

"If it's coming from you, your weasel, or your four-eyed git, yes!" Draco blurted out, his anger lashing out like a whip. He took one more step toward her, becoming increasingly aware that she smelled of freesia, and stopped himself. "Our prior interactions have been nothing short of unpleasant. Why should I have any reason to believe you'd come to my family's aid after everything that's happened between us?"

"Well, I'm here, aren't I?" Her eyes studied him, jumping back and forth between his face and chest. "As for the lack of pleasantries between you and I, I believe the fault lies with you, Malfoy. And I think you know that."

Her voice strengthened and lips curved up into the hint of a Slytherin smirk at the end of her very Gryffindor sentence, and Draco could tell she thought she'd won the argument. Oh, she thought she'd won, and Draco was annoyed. Granger was the insufferable one, with her books and her constant hand-raising in class and her random facts, and he'd be damned if she won an argument regarding the well-being of his father.

Draco's expression darkened into a silver storm and he gritted his teeth together. He knew the lies that were sitting on his tongue had no business being uttered, but his anger had been getting out of control over the summer. Anyone and everyone, save for Narcissa and Tinky, lay in the path of Draco's temper. Yes, the words he said next had no business coming to life, but he hired them anyway, and regretted it the second they clocked in.

"What I know, Granger, is that my father could be blamed for your screaming that night at my house," he hissed, the rage within his body reaching the tips of his fingers and toes. "He's the one who told Aunt Bella to show you what he felt like Mudbloods like you deserve, to punish you the way he always wanted to when we were kids. And you choose to help a coward who was too scared of dirtying his hands with muddy blood to do it himself. Guess you're not as clever as you used to be."

Granger flinched as his words slammed into her sensibilities, and it felt like watching a balloon deflate. The curl fell forward from where she'd neatly placed it behind her earlobe as she looked down, and Draco's guilt exploded. In that moment, he'd never needed his Occlumency more. He quickly built up the walls so she wouldn't see how much he hated himself for giving in to his anger, and how much he wanted to take the words back. His glare faltered, but he kept his arms crossed so as to not show any signs of weakness.

He didn't want her to know the truth.

Much to his surprise, Granger lifted her eyes from the ground and fixed them directly upon his. Warm honey met molten silver and turned to a blazing fire, and Draco nearly took a step back. As usual, just like when she'd punched him in third year, Draco underestimated her strength of will and her decidedly short fuse. A fuse that next set off a bomb that felt a lot worse than she probably thought it did.

"That may be. But you're the one who stood by and watched. So who's the real coward?"

Draco looked away. He had to because he was ashamed and because she was right. He kept his Occlumency walls up firm so she wouldn't see the way his heart wrenched when she said it, but he had a feeling she knew exactly what he was feeling. He uncrossed his arms and jammed his fingers through his hair, the nerves rippling through his body.

He'd been prepared to witness his mother crying herself to sleep that night. He'd been prepared to watch his father go to Azkaban for however long he was sentenced. He had not, however, prepared himself for Hermione Granger.

After a tense, charged silence, Granger exhaled audibly.

"Though you haven't asked, I'll tell you: it didn't go well. I did my best to advocate for him, for them to consider a reduction of his sentence, but the Wizengamot did not seem amenable. I came here to help, not to fight. We've outgrown this, Malfoy," she said, and she sounded tired. "I've outgrown this toxic dynamic."

"Then why come?" His eyes snapped back to hers and he slipped his hands into his pockets with a shrug. He was breaking down inside, despairing with her admission that her best hadn't been enough. "Why step into your, as you say, toxic past and put yourself in this position for my father? It isn't as if he's ever given you any reason to believe there's anything good in him, just as I've never given you any reason to believe so, either. So why come speak for him?"

Granger pushed her hair back and then folded her arms over her bosom. She pressed her lips together before she said, "You didn't choose your parentage, Malfoy. We were all just kids, even up until now. We're all still kids." Silence, and then softly, "I didn't do it for him."

Draco's eyes narrowed for a fraction of a second and then, in spite of his best efforts, his Occlumency trembled and faltered. Because he knew what she was saying, and even though it didn't make any sense, it made him feel as though the floor had lurched and the walls were shaking. Because if she didn't do it for Lucius, and she had no ulterior motives or plans, then that meant that Draco had a lot more to feel guilty about.

If she didn't do it for Lucius, then she did it for Draco, and he didn't deserve that from her.

He lowered his eyes to the ground in front of his feet, setting his jaw. "Why my family? Why not any of the others? The other Death Eaters were pawns and underlings. My father was the worst of them all. But you didn't speak at anyone else's trials, did you?"

She hesitated, pressing her lips together in a thin line. "No."

"It doesn't make sense, does it, then?" he shot back. "Just last week, Crabbe's father was sent to Azkaban and sentenced to the kiss. After Crabbe barely recovered from his Fiendfyre burns. Why didn't you speak at his trial?"

Granger bit her lip, her eyes raging, and she shook her head. "I don't have to answer that question."

Draco could feel his anger rising again, but he allowed his desperation to outrun it. "Tell me why, Granger! Why not Crabbe's father? Why mine?"

Granger didn't back down in body, but Draco could see it in her eyes: her resolve had thinned.

"Remember that night?" She whispered her question, though it seemed more like she couldn't manage to speak loudly. She seemed drained, nervous. Her hand twisted in the loose lock of hair, and she planted her eyes firmly on his collar. "In the Drawing Room?"

Draco said nothing. He didn't need to.

Granger closed her eyes, as if thinking back to that night. "I looked over at you, and you looked haunted. For the entire Sixth Year, you had that same haunted, empty look in your eyes. But Crabbe? In all our years, I've never seen him look empty. When he cast the Fiendfyre spell against us in the Room of Requirement, his eyes were full and alive. Alive with hate. That night, at your home, with Bellatrix, you . . . You looked dead. Inside, you looked dead."

Draco found that he couldn't breathe and for some reason, he'd taken another step closer to her.

How did she know him so well? He'd known that she and Potter watched him during Sixth Year, but he hadn't known that Granger had seen him. How had she known he'd had to kill off the part of himself that felt things, if only to survive?

"Crabbe looks like he sleeps well at night," she breathed, tilting her head up to see into Draco's eyes. "Do you?"

Draco couldn't tear his eyes away from her lips. "Do I what?"

"Sleep well?"

He froze. All of his thoughts halted and his lungs stopped moving and his heart stopped beating, and for the first time in what felt like forever, Draco felt exposed. He slowly dragged his eyes to hers and when they met, it felt like he was looking into the eyes of his mother.

And he had no desire to lie to Narcissa.

"Like I said," Granger said, voice returned to normal. She took a step back, smoothing her hand across her stomach as though it ached. "I didn't do it for Lucius."

Draco gazed at the wall in stunned shock, listening to the clack-clack of her heels on the stone ground as she walked away. Before he could react further, the door opened and Narcissa came out in an icy storm of defeat. He couldn't hide from his mother. His shoulders slumped and the corners of his lips tilted downward.

"Sentenced to thirty years," his mother said, resignation coloring her eyes brighter, "and the Kiss."

Draco looked off down the hallway in the direction Granger had disappeared to, his heart stuttering with grief. Thirty years and the Kiss was as good as death. Lucius Malfoy as everyone knew him was gone, and Draco's family was shattered. His mother would surely mourn, and Draco wished so badly in that moment that he could return to the night of Dumbledore's death and change everything. But he couldn't, and so all he could do was stare at the door of the lifts with dread pooling in the pit of his being.

What would the sentence have been without Hermione's help?




 

 

Invisible


New Person, Same Mistakes by Tame Impala, Karma by MARINA, Stay Happy by AURA, and Mind Over Matter by PVRIS

Hermione POV

Hermione couldn't breathe.

Ever since she'd found herself in a tussle of words with Draco Malfoy, standing close enough to him to smell his spicy cologne and see the shimmering silver of his irises, she'd forgotten how. She wanted to believe it wasn't because she'd grown weaker somehow. She wanted to believe she hadn't been affected by him in any sort of untoward way, because she knew how guilty she felt skulking into the Ministry without anyone's knowledge. What would Harry and Ron say if they knew what she'd done, helping him? What would they say if they knew how intense Malfoy's gaze was when he looked at her? If they knew how her heart jumped when he'd raised his voice?

Hermione felt glad that she'd chosen to use the generous reward the Ministry of Magic had bestowed upon her for her war contributions to purchase her own cottage in the countryside. That meant that when she'd slipped into her pencil skirt and smoothed her curls back, there'd been no one to question her destination for the day.

She unfortunately forgot that both the Daily Prophet and a certain Skeeter-y woman had an annoying way of mucking things up. Now that she was getting prepared to go to Diagon Alley and pick up her supplies for the year, she wished she hadn't procrastinated it so much and had more time.

Because, she thought while staring down at the paper the next morning, it would be quite difficult to shop on the day that I'm meant to go to the train. Which is, coincidentally, tomorrow.

A Secret Liaison Between Dark and Light? Hermione Granger appears at the Ministry of Magic to lend aid for the Malfoy family on the day of Lucius Malfoy's sentencing.

Groaning, Hermione tossed the paper onto the hardwood behind her and began to count. It was exactly three seconds, or rather a solid two-and-a-quarter seconds, before a letter soared neatly from the depths of her small fireplace and landed on the table before her. The handwriting on the front unmistakably belonged to Harry Potter.

'Mione,

Are you mental?

Love and utmost concern for your sanity,

Harry

Hermione had no sooner set the parchment aside to consider her response when a crimson Howler came zooming into the side of her head from a now-broken windowpane in the dining room. It flitted about her head like an angry hummingbird, and it was all she could do to duck out of the way of its angry attacks.

"BLOODY HELL, HERMIONE GRANGER! YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY MENTAL! LUCIUS MALFOY? HONESTLY? NEVERMIND THE FACT THAT HE LET BELLATRIX BATTY LESTRANGE TORTURE YOU ON HIS FLOOR, BUT HE'S THE FERRET'S BLOODY FATHER!" Ron's rage and indignation stung, each word causing her to cringe. When their would-be fraternization fizzled out shortly after the war's end, things had been a bit awkward. This situation was not helping with that issue.

His screaming went on for quite a bit longer, with Draco Malfoy being the main source of his spitting ire, and Hermione almost regretted her decision to help the Malfoys.

Almost.

Ronald was correct in some respects. Lucius Malfoy was slimy and not an altogether good person. His racist ideals and antiquated traditions had single handedly morphed his family into a disgraced pariah, and gave Draco Malfoy no chance at a positive future from the beginning of his First Year.

Bellatrix really was quite batty, and Hermione had spent the Summer months waking in cold sweats from a number of nightmares about said battiness to be able to testify to that.

As for Draco Malfoy, he was the one she felt had allowed her to be tortured on the floor, but that was a personal opinion and a bitterness that she knew she needed to let go of. She'd known that Ron and Harry - and probably everyone she knew - would hold objections to her decisions, but Hermione knew she'd done the right thing. Narcissa had been a slave to her marriage, Lucius a slave to Voldemort, and Draco a slave to his parents' chokehold on the throat of his personality.

In Hermione's world of compassion and logic, there were no bad people; only people in pain who made bad choices.

Lucius, she felt, deserved prison. His family, however, did not deserve to suffer unnecessarily. Hermione knew what it was like to know you might never see your parents again. She couldn't imagine the suffering Malfoy felt that day. Though judging by the impassioned way he'd raised his voice to her, she had a few ideas.

As for Draco's accusation involving Crabbe's father, Hermione didn't find her reasoning to be that complicated. Crabbe had always been the sadistic one of the trio, and that much had been clear to Hermione since their younger years. When Voldemort ignited the war, Crabbe had been happy to join his cause and fight for the side of darkness. His father, Crabbe Sr, had carried out Voldemort's evil wishes with zeal. Hermione had no desire to speak at the trial of a family like that.

Bottom line was this: Draco truly was a result of his environment, and no matter how nasty he had been to her in school, she refused to start off her Eighth Year with the knowledge that she could have done something to help the only person on Voldemort's side who'd been there against his will. Hermione had suspected since Sixth Year that Malfoy didn't want the Mark, and that he didn't want anything to do with Voldemort. She'd heard from Harry about how Draco lowered his wand when facing Professor Dumbledore. She felt it unfair that he should have to lose his father on top of everything else.

Hermione knew things would be difficult for a few days until more breaking news erupted across the headlines of the Prophet. For a moment, she considered writing to Rita Skeeter. She desperately wanted to demand for Skeeter to pull the article, but would it matter? If her best friends had already seen it, there was no taking it back.

Somehow, deep down, she still felt no regrets.

Harry and Ron, she wrote to them on the same parchment Harry had sent her.

Perhaps you would have had more insight into my decisions had you written me this Summer. I know that you both must be awfully busy, what with you being photographed outside of dance clubs and pubs every night by Rita Skeeter, but I am merely an owl away. I have been merely an owl away since June.

See you on the train tomorrow,

Hermione

Not without a certain measure of bitter taste in her mouth, Hermione sealed the letter and went to the windowpane. She made a cooing noise and a neighborhood owl swooped down to snatch the letter up. She gave it a gentle caress and then sent it on its way to the Burrow, where she knew Harry was this Summer. Then, she went to finish preparing to go shopping.

Hermione chose to wear Muggle clothing and plaited her wild curls to the side of her head, wanting to blend in as much as possible. She had most of the things she needed leftover from not attending Seventh Year, but she still needed a new cauldron, new robes and uniforms, and parchment. She also needed a new familiar to replace Crookshanks since he had made it very clear he preferred to stay at the cottage where the female cat next door liked to play with him outside. As much as she wished she could just skip shopping and order it all through the post when she got to Hogwarts, she knew it was always better to pick her supplies in person.

As she was heading to the fireplace to use the Floo - another perk from her role in Voldemort's demise, a letter came through. She caught it neatly in her slim hand and unsealed it.

Mione,

I'm really sorry. We just wanted to have fun this Summer, and we didn't think about how you would feel. We thought you preferred to stay home. Muggle pubs don't seem like your scene, and Ron was very . . . Intrigued by the freedom he now possesses. I'm sure you understand.

For what it's worth, I'm not angry with you. We don't understand your decision, but I, at the very least, know you must have had your reasons.

I don't wish to start Eighth Year with ill regard. To put it bluntly, I want to have fun. It's my last year, and I want us all to have a good time.

I really do love you,

Harry

Hermione smiled to herself, but couldn't ignore the way her heart seemed to clench as the relief hit her. She had never been the type to stand up for herself when it came to Harry, and even though she'd expressed her feelings plainly to him, she had been somewhat worried he wouldn't take it well. She wasn't sure what Ron was thinking now, but she hoped it would all be forgotten by the time they hopped the train.

Though she did have to smirk a bit. Harry didn't realize how wrong he was about the pubs. Hermione had been to quite a few Muggle nightclubs to dance that Summer, finding that the freedom found in dancing was unparalleled.

She quickly wrote Harry back that all was forgiven and that she wished for a good year as well, and then stepped into the Floo.

Her Diagon Alley trip was successful, and fortunately, the roads were nearly empty. The only other students there seemed to be fellow procrastinators with their equally-anxious parents, and no one paid her any mind. It was a nice reprieve before the inevitable storm that the Hogwarts Express would likely be the next day, and it enabled her to shop in peace. It put her in a better mood, and she felt well enough to splurge a bit on some eagle feather quills that she thought would look quite nice in class.

She was able to get her robes, but ran into a small snag at the uniform shoppe when they had none of the longer skirts left. She was forced to buy the mid-thigh length skirts, but figured it was a non-issue since she wasn't a child. To her fortune, Riggle's Animal Emporium was full of lots of pets to choose from. She selected a beautiful red squirrel that seemed to love its new perch on her shoulder so long as she kept him supplied with candied chestnuts, and headed home.

A nice letter from Ronald told her he'd forgiven her, too, even if he did think she'd lost her marbles, and he promised her a good Eighth Year. She fell asleep with a smile on her face.

She dreamed of Bellatrix's cackle, dead silver eyes, and a Dark Mark in the sky.

The next morning, Hermione had to deal with Crookshanks being finicky about the former-House Elf friend that had agreed to watch over the cottage and his food bowl, and as a result, nearly missed her train. He nearly caused her to go deaf by dashing along the keys of her piano, and the only way she could calm him was with anchovies.

Next, her new familiar hated the cage she'd bought for him and insisted upon sitting on her shoulder the entire morning. It was a near-battle, and if it weren't for her dwindling time, she would have kept arguing with the chittering fiend.

She'd wanted to wear a bit of make-up for her first major wizarding world appearance since the final battle, but because of her raucous pets, she simply hadn't the time. She'd only had the time to pack her things, shrink her suitcases, shove them into a bag with a hidden stretching charm, and pull her hair up into a messy bun at the top of her head. She knew she looked a sight what with the nightmare-grown circles under her eyes, but she had no time to stress it.

Hermione Apparated to the train station, ensuring she popped up out of Muggle sight. With a quick look around her, she melted through the brick wall into Platform 9  , and emerged amongst a wild crowd of happy, excited students. She felt glad for her short height since it helped her go unseen as she headed to the nearest train door to give the attendant her name.

"Ah, Miss Granger," he said, his smile bright and reverent. "Eighth Year students take the car at the very back. You can make your way from the inside, and the meal compartment is at the front of the train should you get hungry. Have a safe and comfortable trip, and thank you for your contributions to the war."

Hermione flushed, feeling flustered as she always did when people thanked her, and then stepped up onto the train. The noise of the crowd outside became muffled and she turned to head to the last car. She found herself staring at one of the cars with the tables and open seats, her eyes falling upon a sea of staring faces. The whispers that started up were deafening, and they fueled the redness of her cheeks.

Hermione was grateful that the Eighth Year car had compartments because she didn't think she could hide her emotions from the people she'd fought beside in the war. She knew there'd be Slytherins that had fought on Voldemort's side, but Hermione was likely to receive the warmest welcome from them at this point. She opened the first compartment, feeling a bit of relief when she saw a room full of Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs that she'd been with since First Year, including Hannah Abbot.

"Good morning!" she said brightly.

The stares they sent her burned. Hannah outright glowered. Hermione no longer felt relieved.

By the time Hermione found an empty compartment, she felt like her heart lay in the pit of her stomach. She still hadn't found Ron or Harry, either, so she assumed they were late and would come find her. Every compartment she'd looked into seemed to be thick with tense, disapproving silence, and Hermione knew then that the majority of her peers weren't supportive of her decision to help the Malfoys. She was glad for the space, glad to have the chance to take a breather and collect her wits. Another compartment full of stony anger, and she'd probably have burst into tears.

Hermione pulled a novel and some chestnuts out of her bag, settling back into the corner by the window to read and feed her familiar. The squirrel's soft tail flicked against her ear in delight as his tiny claws grabbed for the sugary nut and she was unable to hold back her soft giggle. She hadn't much liked Scabbers, but she was not opposed to squirrels.

Shick!

"What have you got there, Hermione?"

Harry stood in the now-open doorway with a wide grin on his face, his horn-rimmed glasses falling down on his nose as he looked down at her. Hermione's face split with joy and she leapt up to embrace him. His strong arms enveloped her body and lifted it, and all of the previous negativity melted away, reminding Hermione that even if everyone hated her this year at Hogwarts, at least she had her friends.

Hopefully.

"His name is Pakatugg Treefleet," she said, turning her face to smile at her familiar. She returned to her spot by the window.

Pakatugg's nose wiggled and he took another nibble of his candied chestnut snack.

"What about Crookshanks?" Harry asked before sitting down on the cushion across from her. His charcoal-black hair jutted out all over the place, as usual, and he wore a blue flannel and fitted jean trousers.

"He elected to stay home with his girlfriend next door," she said with a chuckle. "I asked Mopsy to care for him this year. I'm paying her ample wages, of course."

"Oh, nice," he said. "How is Mopsy?"

"Excellent," Hermione said, slipping a bookmark into her novel so she could close it. "She's doing much better now that she's freed. How was your Summer?"

A bit of guilt flashed across Harry's face, and Hermione forced her smile not to falter. She'd told him enough in her letter the previous day - she didn't want to start the year with any tough conversations.

Hermione had always been okay with her place in her trio of best friends. Harry was the leader, Ron provided the comic relief, and Hermione possessed the brains. She wasn't blind: she knew that the boys got along quite superbly when she wasn't around, and she knew that there were things she couldn't talk to them about that they could talk about with each other.

She remembered how they'd teased her a bit in First Year, and she knew there were a lot of times where they'd needed her just for information, but Hermione had occupied herself by focusing on the good times they'd shared and everything they'd accomplished together. Even if they'd spent the entire Summer virtually ignoring her for the fun of alcohol and partying in Muggle London, she knew her place. She didn't want to upset the balance of their friendship by telling them how lonely she'd felt all Summer with her nose in books she'd already read when she knew that Harry was right: pubs were not her scene.

Still, it didn't make it hurt any less to know deep down that she could live her life separately from them for long periods of time without them noticing.

It wasn't like it was easy to make friends for her. Harry and Ron were the only ones who called her a know-it-all with love in their tone, rather than derision. No, Hermione was accepting of the way things were, and she felt like it would be better to keep their friendship exactly the way it was without upsetting anyone. Hermione was perfectly fine spending time alone.

Books had always offered her solace, anyway, and the Hogwarts Library was the perfect place for that should she need it this year.

"My Summer was fantastic," Harry said, reaching up to push his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Ron and I barely took a break. Did I tell you we traveled to Paris via Portkey in July? I'd never been there. It was beautiful."

Hermione bit back her desire to remind him she hadn't heard from him nor Ron since June, and listened while he went on about the sightseeing he'd done. He talked about the landmarks, the partying they'd done, and the beautiful home Bill and Fleur had crafted for themselves. They'd even met up with the Patil twins and hopped from dance club to dance club for an entire night.

"You experienced Paris Syndrome, I'm sure," Hermione said matter-of-factly, pressing on without waiting for his query for clarification. As she always did. "That's the condition a person experiences when they go to Paris and find that it's not the romantic twilight utopia that the Western media portrays it to be. There's tourist-targeted crime, overcrowding, and general disrepair."

Harry gave her a look. "We weren't paying attention to that sort of thing, 'Mione. Ron's not versed in Muggle movies, you know that. And the Dursleys didn't exactly let me watch TV or have a computer. I wasn't expecting anything, so it was a good time for me."

Hermione swallowed the feeling that she'd overstepped and smiled again. "Right, yes. I'm sure it was lovely. I'm happy you had a good experience. I should like to imagine the Eiffel Tower was as gorgeous in person as the postcards make it look?"

"Oh, yes," Harry said, sending a wistful smile out the window. "Wish I could have taken Ginny there, but, you know . . ."

Hermione's lips tugged down into a frown and she leaned forward to grasp Harry's hand, barely upsetting Pakatugg from his perch. She'd read in the Prophet about their break-up and while she'd felt affronted to have found out secondhand, she'd felt sad knowing that Harry's heart must be broken. Losing Ginny that way had likely put a damper on his victory festivities.

"I'm so sorry, Harry," she said honestly. I wish you'd told me yourself.

"It's all right now," he said, squeezing her hand and offering a smile in return. "Our relationship was the result of fear and the war. And after it was over, after Fred . . . Well, she never was quite the same. I still love her, of course. I think I always will. But she went to Ireland to play Quidditch for awhile, and to heal."

"That sounds like a good idea for her," Hermione said, patting his hand once before sitting back in her seat. She knew firsthand what losing Fred was like for the Weasleys. Ron hadn't been capable of emotional commitment after the battle dust settled. Their relationship did not last the month of May.

"And what did you do over the holiday, Hermione?" Harry asked, obviously wanting to change the subject.

"Oh, not much to bother discussing," Hermione said, feeling a bit embarrassed and definitely not wanting to share her clubbing experiences with him. "I did a lot of reading, and studied in advance for Advanced Potions this year. I'd like to pass my N.E.W.T.s with O's, and Advanced Potions is exactly the class I need to put me on the path to what I hope to accomplish."

"Advanced Potions?" Harry scratched the back of his head. "Does that help with House Elf reform?"

"No," Hermione replied, reaching into her bag for another candied chestnut for Pakatugg. "It's more for personal use. I want to work on designing and creating my own potions."

"What on Earth for?" Harry asked, seeming surprised.

"Well," she said, and she reached up to push loose curls behind her ears, "for lost memory reconstruction. I've read up on it. There's no effective memory-rebuilding spells, however there is record of certain herb-based potions enhancing brain cell regeneration speed. In 1835, the English wizard Edward Goreman was successfully able to reverse his mother's memory loss by three years using a memory reconstruction potion consisting primarily of the herbs sage, ginseng, and ginkgo biloba. Therefore, I'd like to take Advanced Potions so I can learn as much as possible before I attempt to take that route myself. I have a personal stake, you understand."

"Oh," Harry said, and his face showed that once again, she'd overwhelmed him with facts. Then, his brow furrowed with concern. "Have you spoken to them? Your parents, that is?"

"No," she said sadly. "And I would like to talk about it, if that's okay? I've been feeling out of sorts about it lately."

"Sure, Hermione. Later, yeah?"

The train horn began to hoot, signaling that it was about to pull out of the station. At the same time, Ron appeared in the doorway. He shared a couple of jokes with Dean Thomas in the hallway, who was on his way into the compartment across the way, and Hermione felt her stomach fluttering with nerves. She hoped he wasn't going to harangue her about Lucius Malfoy's trial, and she hoped their failed relationship would be a non-issue.

The train began to chug its way forward, and Ron tossed his suitcase onto the seat by Hermione. He plopped down next to Harry and grinned at them both quite wolfishly. Then, his gaze fell to Hermione's shoulder.

"I'm right glad to see you've gotten rid of that mangy cat," he said, shaking his head. "I've still got scars from that nightmare."

"Crookshanks is an angel." Hermione sniffed. "And I haven't gotten rid of him. He's at home this year with Mopsy. I chose to adopt a second familiar."

Ron raised his eyebrows. "What's his name, then?"

"Pakatugg Treefleet," Harry and Hermione replied simultaneously.

"What an odd name," Ron said, giving Hermione a weird look. "I love you, Hermione, but you can be quite strange."

"It's from a Muggle book," Hermione said, feeding Pakatugg another chestnut as if to apologize for Ron's rudeness. "It's part of a larger series, and the series is my absolute favorite. It's full of personified animals who battle evil vermin with medieval weapons. There's a beautiful abbey, lots of good lessons to be learned . . . Pakatugg Treefleet was a squirrel warrior who sacrificed himself for a good cause. It's an honorable name."

"You ought to try being a bit more normal this year, 'Mione," Ron said, eyeing her. "You've already gotten off to a rough start this year."

Hermione shot him an indignant look. "Ronald Weasley! That's an awful thing to say! I'm as normal as I need to be."

"Don't be so foul, Ron." Harry sighed. "Hermione's got her quirks, and so do you. But, he does have a bit of a point, 'Mione. I've heard the things they've been saying about you because of your . . . Choice . . . And I don't want the year to be harder for you."

Hermione felt so miffed that she nearly stood and left the compartment. If it weren't for the fact that Harry was right and the fact that there would be no compartments that would want her in with them, she would have.

Ron nudged Harry in the side.

"Oi, do you remember that bird we met in London? Didn't she say she liked Pakatuggball, or some sort?" he asked, and there was a spark in his eye that Hermione had to look away from. She didn't want to know about the 'birds' they'd met in London.

"That was racquetball, Ron," Harry said with a laugh. "It's a sport."

"Oh," Ron said, and he got the glazed look on his face that most wizards got when they heard about Muggle things they didn't understand. Then, he exhaled loudly and looked out the window. "Are you lot excited for Eighth Year? I still can't believe they're letting us come back. They barely got the castle repaired after we destroyed it."

"We didn't destroy anything, Ron," Harry said to correct him. "Voldemort did. And yes, I'm excited for the year. It's a bit weird, though. It's not like I need the learning or to even do my exams."

Hermione started, looking perplexed and a bit alarmed. "What?"

"Oh yeah, Hermione," Ron said, beaming over at her. "We didn't get a chance to tell you. Minister Shacklebolt - Kingsley - he offered us both jobs in the Auror Department. We don't even need to come back, but we thought it would be a blast."

"You came back to school for . . . Fun?" Hermione's mouth hung open for a second. "That's awfully irresponsible!"

Harry rolled his eyes. "Don't get brassed off, 'Mione. We're going to take our classes seriously. But, I mean, it's not like we got to experience our Seventh Year. Plus, I heard Hogsmeade's quite lively nowadays."

Ron grinned wickedly. "Oh, yes. They've just opened a new wizarding dance club near Madam Puddifoot's Tea House. I fully intend to make good use of that on the weekends."

"I think I got enough dancing experience this past Summer," Harry said. "But I might go once or twice. I'm looking forward to Bill being the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, the shared common room, and the fact that Hagrid's left me the key to his hut while he's traveling with Aberforth."

"Oh, also!" Ron said excitedly, smacking the back of his hand against Harry's upper arm. "Dean's told me we're allowed firewhiskey in the common room since we're of age."

Hermione frowned at both of them. She didn't quite know how to respond to their blatant disregard for the sanctity of learning. She was going back for the Eighth Year specifically to finish her courses and take her exams. She had no plans to go dancing, to hang out in the common room, or to participate in drinking activities. She'd always known the boys erred on the side of frivolity, but she didn't think they'd come to school for an optional year just because.

"You were offered jobs at the Ministry, and you're turning them down for this?" Hermione said, trying to keep her tone calm.

"They're holding them for us so we can finish the year, Hermione," Harry said. "Again: remain calm."

"Blimey, Hermione," Ron scowled, but he was laughing. "You can be a right bummer when you're brassed off. They're not going to offer jobs to the blokes who defeated Voldemort and then take them away just because we want to go to school for one more year. Come on now."

Hermione opened her mouth to retort, but was stopped as the door slid open once again. Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood, and Parvati Patil stumbled into the compartment. Rather, Neville and Parvati stumbled in while laughing. Luna floated in with a dreamy smile on her face, her waist-length blonde hair cascading in waves down her back. Neville, Harry, and Ron greeted each other boisterously, falling against the seat together in jokes, laughter, and excited conversation.

Parvati and Luna sat to Hermione's right just as two more people entered the compartment: Theodore Nott and Daphne Greengrass. This caused the boys to exclaim loudly again and squeeze into the seat together. Hermione stared in pure shock as Theodore caught up with them as though they'd been friends for ages, and Daphne scooted in next to Parvati and began to gossip with her about some rude Seventh Years they'd met on the platform. Hermione was pushed up against the wall, and the soft look Ron sent Luna's way did not go unnoticed by her.

Hermione sat there, stunned, with Pakatugg chittering in her ear as the compartment grew louder by the moment. The boys were falling about in peals of laughter about this and that, Luna was singing softly to herself, and Daphne and Parvati were having a good old time talking about bad hairstyles. It was so surreal to see inter-house unity on the Hogwarts Express that she could only blink and exist in the midst of the chaos.

"I like your hair, Loony - er - Luna," Ron suddenly said, breaking from his conversation to compliment Luna. Hermione could see it in his eyes: he fancied her.

"Thank you ever so much, Ronald," Luna cooed, her eyes fixated on the wall above his head.

Ron looked up, confused. "What're you . . . Looking at?"

"The Pinkfurt that's floating above your head." She giggled. "He doesn't seem to like redheads. I'd watch out."

Alarmed, Ron ducked his head down and stared even more intently at the air above him.

"Don't worry," Luna sang. "I'm quite partial to the color red."

Ron looked at Luna then, and the smile that spread across his face reminded Hermione of the smile he'd given her after they'd kissed the one time, and she felt uncomfortable. She fought the urge to roll her eyes. She preferred to live in the land of the logical, not the universe where invisible creatures no one had ever heard of floated about.

And yet, as she sat there in the presence of friendships that had been cultivated after a war that attempted to split them apart, she'd never felt more invisible.

"Hermione," came a female voice from her right.

Hermione blinked herself out of her reverie and turned her head. Everyone was looking at her, and the brunette wondered what she'd missed. She was happy they'd finally thought to include her, though.

"Yes, Daphne?"

"You're really pretty," she said, "but you should try this."

Daphne reached into her purse and handed a tube of creamy liquid to her. She was smiling, but Hermione felt like it looked like the smile of a serpent. The concealer in her hand seemed sinister.

"Muggle make-up? What for?"

"For your eye bags," Parvati said, and her smile seemed oddly serpentine. "I'm sure you didn't achieve much sleep the past few nights."

Hermione pushed back the pang of hurt and embarrassment about her skin. "Why would you think that, Parvati?"

"Well, because of the Prophet," Parvati said with a scoff. "The article about you and Malfoy."

Hermione's ears burned. "It wasn't about me and Malfoy. It was -"

"Malfoy isn't really a fan of unkempt women, just to say," Daphne interrupted. She smiled again. "Go ahead and keep the make-up, Granger."

"I think you look superb," Luna said, voice bright. "Under-eye circles are a sign of beauty in elf culture, did you know?"

The silence felt awkward. Even the boys didn't seem to have anything to say, and everyone was exchanging glances left and right. Everyone except Hermione, who felt her cheeks warming up a considerable amount. Hermione looked to Harry for a brief moment, who offered her a gentle smile, but she supposed the energy was too tense for him to think of anything helpful to say.

"Right," Hermione said, clearing her throat amidst her hurt feelings. "Well, thank you."

For the first time since First Year, she felt ugly.

The night passed in a blur. The carriages got them to Hogwarts in time for dinner, and Hermione could barely remember all the speeches that were made. Headmistress McGonagall introduced all of that year's teachers, but Hermione stared at her dinner plate the entire time, letting Pakatugg pick food happily off of it. No one seemed to notice how quiet she'd gotten, everyone in conversation with the people around them. Groups of students seated at the tables around them spoke in hushed whispers while staring at her, and Hermione heard the word traitor being uttered more than once.

She supposed it was nice, though. Their table was made up entirely of Eighth Year students from all four houses, all getting along, and it was so refreshing that Hermione almost thought herself selfish for feeling so alone. When McGonagall announced that all Eighth Year students were to be housed in one dorm together at the base of the Astronomy Tower, the excited chattering that spread through the table like wildfire was enough to bring a smile to her face.

Hermione glanced up once during dinner and looked down the table. She was not surprised to see Malfoy seated at the end of the table closest to the door, as far away from Harry as he could get. He was flanked by fellow Slytherins Blaise Zabini and Vincent Crabbe, and Hermione's eyes lingered on Crabbe for a moment. He looked well enough, though he clearly had some burn scarring on the back of his neck. Across from Malfoy sat Pansy Parkinson and some other Slytherins that Hermione didn't know the names of, and the entire group seemed to be conversing quite amiably.

Malfoy looked so different now, and yet he looked the same. The same sharp features, straight nose, and silver eyes. He'd grown taller, much taller, and his body appeared visibly toned beneath his black jumper. His jawline ran as sharp as glass, his pale face looking almost luminescent, and the veins on his forearms seemed to strain against his skin when he pushed his sleeves up and dug into his food. He'd even changed his hairstyle a bit, allowing it to grow messy like Harry's, leaving his trademark gel behind for a more relaxed appearance. He didn't seem to be smiling or laughing like his peers, though. Malfoy hadn't ever smiled at her, but she'd seen him have a good time with his friends, so she knew he had chipper moods from time to time.

Hermione supposed she'd always known Malfoy was fit. The only people in the school he seemed to have a personal vendetta against were Harry, Ron, and herself. Therefore, she'd never had the luxury of deciding whether or not he looked fanciable. She knew that plenty of other Hogwarts girls found him delightful. She'd overheard many bathroom, Library, classroom, and common room conversations about him over the years. In the past, she'd just snorted or rolled her eyes because she'd found him the most internally unattractive person she'd ever had the displeasure of meeting.

Tonight, however, she was having a hard time tearing her eyes away from his hair, wondering how soft it was, and musing to herself how roguish his rare grin seemed when he turned it on Zabini. She also seemed to be thinking about his height quite a bit, remembering how small she felt compared to him in the hallway of the Ministry of Magic.

He could snap me in half, Hermione thought in an almost dreamlike state. If he wanted to, that is.

"He's quite lush," Luna whispered from Hermione's side. "Don't you think?"

Hermione's cheeks reddened and she looked at the blonde sidelong. "What? Who are you talking about?"

"Draco Malfoy," she whispered before placing her silver spoon on the tip of her nose.

"What you doin' that for?" Seamus Finnigan interjected, looking on at Luna across the table in amusement. "That's for pudding, yeah?"

"It keeps the Spangers away," Luna explained, her eyes twinkling. "They don't like silver."

"Er . . . Right." He turned back to join Harry's conversation with Neville.

Luna looked at Hermione. "For what it's worth, Hermione, I think you did a very wonderful thing for Malfoy's father. My father went through similar circumstances with the Dark Lord. It's not all Lucius's fault, what happened."

Hermione picked up her fork, pushing her meat around in circles. "No, it's not all his fault at all. Thank you, Luna."

Luna lifted her spoon from her nose and scooped some pudding with it. "I'm sure Malfoy is grateful, even if it didn't go as well as you'd hoped."

"I don't need his gratitude," Hermione said, tone clipped. "I didn't and don't want anything from him. I just wanted to help keep the cycle of hatred from continuing for our classmates."

"Of course," Luna said, sounding wistful. "But I'm sure you have his gratitude nonetheless."

Suddenly, Malfoy's eyes lifted from his plate and glanced down the table. They scanned the Eighth Year students and finally landed on Hermione, whose mind kept replaying Luna's words. His gaze seemed to intensify for a moment, an unreadable emotion flashing through the grey, and Hermione realized something unsettling. She'd spent the past two days struggling to remember how to breathe after her encounter with Malfoy outside the courtroom. Now, as she hurried to tear her eyes away from him, the alarming realization of how Malfoy affected her hit her psyche like a well-aimed stupefy.

When Malfoy was looking at her, she remembered how to breathe just fine.

As they all headed to the new common room after dinner, Hermione was disturbed to realize that they'd gone the entire meal without Harry or Ron uttering a single word of conversation to her.



 

Invisible


Detention by Melanie Martinez, Date with the Night by Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and Diamond Eyes by Deftones

Draco POV

The corridors of Hogwarts seemed emptier than they had in past years, and if he didn't already know it was Eighth Year, Draco would have thought it felt like Sixth again. His grey eyes lingered on the hallway that led to the place where he'd made his greatest mistake, the place he'd spent countless hours in. He still remembered the silver filigree laid into the doors of the cabinet, and how it had glinted in the dim lighting as the Death Eaters seeped in through them.

He wished he'd stopped when the singing bird came back dead, stepped into the cabinet, and let it end him, too.

As they walked to their new common room, Draco listened to his friends conversing at the back of the group. McGonagall's hat had gotten bigger this year, quite literally, with a brim that had to be perfect for a sunny day, and Theo couldn't seem to stop laughing. He and Goyle found it hilarious that when used with the right charm, the brim grew even wider, and she didn't notice.

"Follow me, students," the staccato of her tone lilted above the group. Her periwinkle Headmistress robes shimmered with magic, sweeping out along the floor as she hustled them along to the Astronomy Tower. She seemed a little more relaxed this year than she had before, and Draco bitterly wondered if her confident demeanor could be attributed to the way she'd stood up to Snape the night of the final battle.

Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws alike - the ones who had elected to return for the Eighth Year - clamored with the buzz of excitement and new beginnings. Even some Slytherins were mingling with the rest of them, and while Draco knew it was best for everyone to get along this year, he couldn't help but taste sour air against his tongue. If House unity hadn't taken so much death, the loss of his godfather, his father's freedom, and his family's downfall, perhaps he'd feel a bit better about it.

Draco knew he'd changed, knew that the sadistic qualities he possessed in his youth had faded into the background of his life in the wake of Voldemort's crimes. It would have been impossible for him to come out of that experience unscathed, and whether his change was the result of self-preservation or the true desire to become a better person, he had no idea.

"All right, Malfoy?"

Draco nodded to Blaise. "I'm fine, mate."

"Lookin' pretty droll there," Blaise said, and then he clapped his hand on Draco's broad shoulder. "Regretting coming back?"

Draco opened his mouth to speak, but realized quite rapidly that he had no answer to his best friend's question. Did he regret coming back to Hogwarts? He knew if he wanted to have any shot at redemption and a future career, he needed to finish school. But he also knew that his mother would be in Denmark in a matter of weeks, and the Manor he'd fostered his entire childhood in would become abandoned. His father's company would float in limbo as it awaited Draco to turn twenty-one and take over, and the employees would be living off stipends for as long as they chose to bide their time and wait. And in any case, there was no guarantee that the Ministry of Magic would deign to hire someone like him as an Auror - not when his arm carried the Mark as a permanent reminder of his choice. His very wrong choice.

"Not yet," he said truthfully. He looked at his friend, seeing only an encouraging twinkle to his brown irises, and knew that Blaise wouldn't judge him no matter what choices he made. "I'll keep you in the loop."

"Ace, mate," Blaise said, patting his shoulder one more time before he sped up a bit to put his hand on Pansy's lower back and talk to her.

Draco's gaze listed to the right of him, surprised to see that a certain Gryffindor was not walking at the front where he'd have thought she'd be. Granger held her back straight as a rod as she walked behind her rather large group of friends, and her hair hung in wild, frizzy curls to her elbows. Just like previous years, she still had her nose turned up to the air as though it had personally affronted her, but something about the situation put him off.

He looked ahead of her and could see that the Pothead and Weaselbee were perfectly chipper in the center of everyone. Weaselbee walked backwards, his hands waving about as he told a joke that had everyone rolling in fits, with Potter supplying secondary one-liners. Draco felt rather confident that if they asked, the students would give those two their knickers and pants. Every single one of them.

But Granger? Granger seemed like the skin on warm milk: Dumbledore's angels were focused on the Golden Duo, and the Slytherins wanted nothing to do with her. Honest to Merlin, it looked like First Year. Granger was silent, almost as though she were a part of the Hogwarts stone, and it was weird. Draco felt like she should be spouting off some sort of useless fact, not walking by her lonesome.

Draco wasn't surprised at all, especially after that Prophet headline came out. The moment he'd seen it, he'd known she was screwed. There was no way the wizarding world would let her live this down, and if anyone said anything to her about it, that would be the least of it. Even his mother had shown concern over breakfast that morning.

"I do hope they aren't too harsh on the poor girl," Narcissa had said before sipping her tea, much to Draco's surprise. "Draco, my love, do make sure to keep an eye out for her this year."

He'd been unable to keep the look of wild alarm out of his eyes. The last time his mother had spoken about Granger had been over a shared meal with Voldemort, and she'd made it clear that blood purity was everything. Now she wanted him to look out for her?

"She did her best for this family, and it was more than we deserve," his mother had said. "I will write to her eventually, but for now, please just be vigilant. She's not a Malfoy, but she might as well have thrown herself before the wand like one."

Draco hadn't responded, not because he wanted to disrespect his mother, but because the thought of it was so absurd. Draco Malfoy keeping an eye on Hermione Granger? It sounded like a Rita Skeeter article. If he looked at Granger with more than the occasional sneer he usually gave her, he was sure the school would erupt into Fiendfyre.

And yet, on the train, he'd heard more insults being whispered about her traitorous move than about his entire war career with Voldemort. Draco had been so sure he'd have to endure an onslaught as he'd stepped into the Fourth Year car on his way to the back, but the most he'd gotten is a glare or two. The fascination seemed to lean more towards Granger, and he'd heard some insults about her so foul that they rivaled the ones he'd slung her direction in Second Year.

Draco wondered at his sanity. Did he actually feel bad for Granger? It was not far off for him to admit that he owed her quite a bit of a debt for trying to help his father, even if Lucius's sentence had still been hard. But it seemed too surreal to think of himself feeling anything less than icy-cool regard for her.

But as he heard large peals of laughter erupt for friends who weren't paying her any mind, he couldn't help but frown.

What was more surreal? Draco analyzing Granger . . . Or Harry Potter and Ron Weasley ignoring her?

Granger suddenly tossed her hair behind her left shoulder and shot a look behind her. Her eyes locked with his for the second time that night, the first time being accidentally at dinner, and Draco had to hurry to shove his Occlumency walls up. He allowed his countenance to darken and then he averted his gaze. It wouldn't do for her to think he had some sort of interest or fascination with her now. Just because she'd sacrificed herself for his father didn't mean anything.

Because, when he thought about it, that was what she'd done. She'd sacrificed her status as a hero of the war to throw herself before the metaphorical train wreck that was Lucius Malfoy and his mistakes, and all for what? Because Crabbe was mean for the sake of being mean when they were kids, and she thought Draco was some sort of brooding anti-hero?

Granger's heart bled with a stupidity he wondered if she was aware of, or just ignoring for the sake of compassion.

'The pretty ones always are quite barmy,' he thought before he could stop himself, and then his heart skipped a beat.

Pretty? Granger? He wondered if Blaise had slipped firewhiskey into his drink at dinner because yeah, fucking right.

He chanced one more glance at her. She was still looking over her shoulder, but not at him. Her eyes were on Crabbe, who stood to Draco's left, but only for a second. Then, she turned back around. Draco stifled a snort of laughter when she nearly ran into the back of one of the Patil twins.

Intelligence didn't come as a package deal with agility, it would seem.

No, Granger couldn't possibly be pretty. Blaise had definitely slipped him something. He'd have to deal with that later.

"This is the entrance to the Eighth Year dorms," McGonagall said after they'd passed the Library. They stood before a portrait of Dumbledore that Draco had never seen before, and he turned his head to pretend he hadn't noticed the withering stares that a few of the Hufflepuffs, Gryffindors, and Ravenclaws cast towards him.

"To get in, all you will need to do is use the password 'phoenix', and you will be able to enter so long as you pass the eighteen-year age line. Most of you are eighteen, but for the few of you who aren't, the spell has accounted for that according to your magic ID."

"Magic ID, Professor?" Neville Longbottom said.

"Every witch and wizard possesses an identifying pulse to their magical core, and it can be used to identify them no matter what state their human body is in." Granger spoke up for the first time, and a couple people looked at her with disgust, as though she'd said something horrifying. Her voice faltered for a moment, but then she put her nose even higher in the air and continued. "For example, a werewolf can always be identified by his wand due to his magic ID, even if he is in his werewolf form. Or, if you've taken Polyjuice Potion, your wand will still recognize you by your core. When creating wards and charms like age lines, the casting witch or wizard can account for magic IDs when crafting the spell."

Draco watched as more than a few eyes rolled, and while he would have joined them in silently cursing her know-it-all swottiness, he was too fascinated by the fact that Potter and Weasley were exchanging glances as though they thought she were mental. If he didn't know any better, he would have recognized the looks on their faces as mortification.

Were they embarrassed of her?

"Correct, Miss Granger," McGonagall said, smiling with a bit of pride. "Ten points to Gryffindor."

"Thank you," Granger replied. A couple scoffs went up.

"Now," McGonagall went on, "the school board thought it best to sequester you from the other students due to this 'Year Eight' being a one-time addition to Hogwarts. It didn't seem fit to take beds from already-enrolled Seventh Years, I'm sure you all understand."

She paused, looking at them all over her glasses, and then her eyes softened. "We all went through a trying time last year. The Battle of Hogwarts was the finest example of inter-House unity in my entire history at this school. I personally felt that you all deserved your own space."

She turned to the portrait, greeting her old friend with a caress to the canvas, and then spoke the password. Dumbledore's oil paint beard twitched as he smiled and nodded, and then the portrait swung outward to allow them access.

The Eighth Year common room was quite majestic, with mahogany furniture, velvet upholstery, and a grand fireplace that seemed to burn perpetually. Directly ahead were three sets of staircases, the outer stairs spiraling up to the sides. Four woven banners cascaded down the walls to the left and right of the double stairways, colored blue, green, red, and yellow and adorned with their House crests. Couches rested in carefully-placed areas, as well as tables, bookshelves lined with books and scrolls, and a small kitchen area that reminded Malfoy of his kitchen at home. Or, what used to be his home.

He tried not to think about that.

Draco stood amongst the other students and looked around in silence as they all gushed over the beauty of the decor. There were about fifty students crowded into the common room at once, but it was more than large enough to accommodate them. Everyone started to spread out, marveling over it all, and then McGonagall cleared her throat loudly.

"Girls' dorms are up the stairs to the right, and boys' are up the stairs to the left. The center stairway leads directly up to the top of the tower roof, and there is no curfew for Eighth Year students. Do try to stay in the common room after the rest of the school's curfew, however, and get plenty of rest tonight. Classes start bright and early on the morrow."

Somehow, Draco didn't think he'd ever be setting foot atop the Astronomy Tower again. He was sure that if he did, someone would sneak up behind him and shove him off to his death.

McGonagall mingled a bit with Granger, Potter, and Weasley for a few moments, and Draco felt a familiar burning in his gut. He'd always hated how well Potter got along with the professors, whereas the only instructor who'd ever been fond of him was his godfather, Snape. Seeing them all interacting so brightly, smiles on their face, made him feel queasy. Especially since Snape was gone.

Draco shook the thoughts from his head. He didn't like to think about Snape. It hurt too deeply, and no one would understand. He could just imagine the reaction he'd get, living under the Astronomy Tower, sniffling about the murderer of Albus Dumbledore.

McGonagall left the room in a sweep of robes, and the common room seemed to erupt with life afterwards. Someone broke out the firewhiskey, and groups of students began to take full advantage of the lack of a required bedtime. About half of the students bounded up the stairs to choose dorms, yelling down to the others about how the rooms were singles and not group rooms, and the other half settled into couches and chairs to chat and play games. Potter and Weasley were the center of attention, of course, making a right bit of noise in the corner near the windows, and Granger stood in front of the bookshelves exactly like Draco expected her to. Blaise, Pansy, Daphne, Goyle, and Theo headed to the couches in front of the fire, so he decided to follow.

"This is absolutely bonkers, mates," Goyle gushed before taking a swing of his firewhiskey. He set it in the air next to him where it hovered and waited for him to pick it up again, and then he relaxed back into the couch cushions. "Common room to ourselves? Single dorms? Who'd have thought that all it would take to get the royal treatment was throwing our lot in with the Dark Lord and losing."

"Come off it, Goyle," Theo said, his eyes bouncing around the room. "My father's in Azkaban."

"Don't be so sensitive," Pansy sniffed, leaning up against Daphne with her legs curled up onto the cushion. "We've all got family members in Azkaban. In any case, it's not like any of our parents paid us any mind when they were off gallivanting after Voldefuck, innit? My mother's in Azkaban. Let her rot."

Draco rested his calf over the opposite knee and propped his elbow on the arm of the couch. "Your mother always was a stupid bint, Pansy," he scoffed. "She probably didn't know the difference between incarcerous and imperio."

Pansy laughed, short and derisive. "Honestly, Draco, you're not far off. It didn't take much for her to crucio my father just because the Dark Lord told her it was necessary. He's in St. Mungo's now, probably for the rest of his life, and she never questioned why the Dark Lord deemed it so. Again: let her rot."

"What about you, Malfoy?" Theo asked. "How are you?"

Draco's eyebrows shot up and he laughed mirthlessly. He rested his temple against his knuckles. "How am I? As well as can be expected, what with my father getting sentenced to the Kiss. I can't say he'll be sorely missed, but my mother's off to Denmark to be closer to him."

There was a bit of silence, and Draco tore his eyes away from the fire to see them all exchanging glances.

"Spit it out," he snapped. "I can see you all eye-fucking each other."

"Well, I mean . . ." Daphne started, and then she lifted her head from Pansy's shoulder. "I think we were all shocked when we read the headlines. What did Granger have to gain from helping your family? 'Snot like she came to speak at anyone else's trial."

"Sure could have used the Golden Girl at my parents' trial," Goyle snorted. "So could the rest of us."

"Agreed," Crabbe said from where he was leaning against the mantle, one hand in his trousers's pocket and the other against the brick. Draco noticed that he was no longer the short, stout individual he remembered. Now, he looked taller, more buff in a way that simultaneously made Draco feel like he needed to get out on the Quidditch pitch, and like he didn't want to get on Crabbe's bad side. Crabbe's head swiveled to the right, looking to where Granger was pulling a ridiculous amount of books off of the shelves and charming them to float beside her.

"You're not . . . Like, shagging her, are you?" Pansy asked, sounding disgusted. "Please tell me you're not. The last thing your family needs is mud tracked into the Manor."

"Of course not, you pillock," Draco snarled, feeling his hackles rising at the insinuation. He glowered over at her. "It's not like I asked her to show up. And if the way her friends have been glossing over her all night is of any indication, they didn't ask her either."

"Good," Pansy sniffed, picking lint off of her skirt. "Honest to Merlin, she is the ugliest girl in this school. I would be worried about your eyesight if you were shagging her."

He wanted to wish that Granger hadn't shown up to his father's trial, but he knew that everything would have gone a lot worse if she hadn't. However, if the cost of that was everyone accusing him of wanting to boff Granger, he would have spoke for his father himself. Crikey.

Daphne suddenly giggled. "I sat in her compartment earlier today. Gave her some concealer and told her Malfoy didn't like unkempt women."

Draco's brow furrowed and eyes widened. "Why would you say that?!"

"Oh, sod off, Daph," Blaise suddenly laughed, and then he nudged Draco's side. "Granger's not ugly. She's actually quite fit. Right, Drake?"

Draco would have choked on his firewhiskey had he grabbed a bottle of it. He glared daggers at Blaise, who just smiled at him with a face full of perfect white teeth. A knowing look danced in his eyes, a look that Draco wanted to extinguish, and the blond almost drew his wand.

"Shut up, Zabini," he said.

"You're not going to answer him?" Pansy cried shrilly. She shot Granger a dirty look, who was so absorbed in a book that she couldn't possibly have heard their conversation. "Well?! Is she fit or isn't she?"

Draco rolled his eyes, the picture of collected sensibilities. He kept his head propped against his fist. "Don't be so ridiculous, Pansy. I don't want to be dragged into some girls' tiff. Dust off your jealousy and go to bed."

"Jealous?!" Pansy screeched. Her mouth flapped open and closed much like a fish, and Draco forced himself not to look at her.

Why couldn't he admit out loud that Granger wasn't attractive?

"I've got no problem with Granger's looks," Goyle said with a shrug. "She's filled out since Fifth Year. I'd shag her."

"I'd shag a chair," Blaise said. "So don't take my word for it. But yeah, she's fit. Right fit. She's got that whole . . . Wide-eyed, inquisitive thing going on. And she's delicate."

"Delicate?" Daphne's face scrunched up. "What's delicate got to do with it?"

"Well, that is to say, she's got that, 'I need a protector' vibe going on," Theo said, throwing a look over his shoulder at the bushy-haired swot.

"When she keeps her mouth shut, that is," Goyle snorted, causing everyone in the group to erupt into cruel snickers. Even Draco let a small chuckle escape.

"Well, I'm certainly not interested in protecting her," Blaise said. "Boffing her, yeah. But protecting her? I've got enough to worry about this year. I'd be more surprised if she shagged Malfoy, not the other way around. Helping your family or not, she's still the Golden Girl."

Draco stared over at her. She was still reading, and the floating pile beside her head had grown larger. Blaise was right, that much was for sure. Granger would probably vomit at the thought of touching him after everything he'd said to her when they were in their early years. Whether a bird was fit or not, it didn't matter if said fit individual despised you.

"Didn't you let your aunt torture her on the floor of your Drawing Room?"

Everyone looked up and over at Crabbe, who was facing Draco with his arms crossed over his chest. Draco regarded him warily, using Occlumency to hide his desire to flinch at the words. Because yes, he had let it happen, but no, he didn't want anyone to know he agonized over that particular life decision. And now, as he looked into Crabbe's eyes, he could see something swirling there that he didn't quite understand. A challenge, silent and coiled up tight.

What was he playing at?

"I was there," Draco said coolly, and then he stood up. "Now, if you all don't mind, I'd like to get to bed. All right?"

Abrupt and rigid, he left the common room and headed for the stairs. As he passed by Granger, she glanced up with a soft smile on her face and even Draco couldn't deny that she looked quite amiable when she did so. Their eyes met one time, and he wondered . . . Had she heard their conversation?

He went to bed in his new dorm room that night, but he did not sleep.

Draco's first week of school passed by quite quickly, with minimal interaction from the people around him. The younger students ignored him usually, except for a few rowdy Sixth Years who liked to accost him outside the Great Hall after mealtimes, and for the most part, Draco was able to attend his classes in relative peace. His friends involved him as much as they always had, but it was clear to Draco that he was no longer the "leader" of the group. He wasn't sure if it was because of his family's downfall, the fact that their side lost, or if they were just growing up, but he couldn't deny it felt nice not having to be so on all the time.

He'd ended up taking all of the classes he'd told his mother he'd be taking, though he wasn't sure if Charms was a class he was entirely interested in. The downfall of being Eighth Year students was that there was no "Eighth Year" curriculum. The students had been shoved into classes with younger ones, and it was surprising how much of a maturity difference stretched between ages seventeen and eighteen. Charms seemed to be full of flirtatious girls, showboating boys, and class clowns who were determined to derail the professor at every turn.

Draco rarely saw Granger, except during Advanced Potions and mealtimes. Sometimes, she seemed happy and chattered excitedly with Potter or that aloof witch Luna Lovegood, but other times, she sat and watched everyone else talk around her as though she were being included. It was almost painfully embarrassing to watch, and pathetic in some ways. Did the girl not understand how to read vibes? Sure, they were her friends. But that didn't make her any less annoying to everyone else.

There was one instance - Wednesday, to be exact - where he left the breakfast hall before her, his robes brushing by her back as his ears picked up the sound of her prattling on about the biology behind pixies. She was obviously talking to everyone around her, and everyone was silent as they listened to her, but she didn't seem to be aware that everyone's eyes had glossed over. Finnigan and Thomas were giving each other beleaguered looks, Neville seemed confused, and Weaselbee just kept shoveling food down his mouth. It nearly made Draco cringe, especially since it was clear to anyone with two ears that she was extremely passionate about pixies at that particular moment.

Does she not see how she bores them? Draco thought, throwing her a sideways glance as he walked by. She may be the brightest witch of our age, but she sure is dim.

"Oi, Malfoy!" Potter suddenly called to him. "Keep moving."

Draco noticed he'd slowed his pace and his eyes were lingering on their group, so he sneered to hide his mortification. "Sorry, Potter. Got distracted by the frizzy hedge on Golden Girl's head."

Granger startled, her words dying on her lips, and swirled her head to glare up at him. She wore her black wizarding robes, whereas everyone else wore casual clothing, and she looked the picture of proper decorum in a group full of students who couldn't care less.

Draco didn't miss how she reached up to touch her hair, but he moved on past nonetheless.

The first Friday of the term, Draco found himself a seat at the back of his Advanced Potions classroom next to Blaise. They chatted amongst themselves for a moment, catching each other up on their morning classes, as the rest of the students filed in. Potter, Weasley, and their seemingly hip-attached witch Luna Lovegood breezed in and sat together. Then, Granger walked in with her usual air of conceited swottiness, robes swishing, and she sat down at the very front table of the room. Her hair looked different today, having been pulled up into a tight chignon at the top of her head, and Draco couldn't seem to keep his eyes off of the curve of the side of her neck.

"Oi," Blaise said from his left. "Her neck's proper long, innit?"

Draco fixed him with a deadpan look. "Whom?"

"Don't play coy, mate," Blaise whispered, smirking. "'Sonly me. Granger's proper fit - like I said on Sunday night. She looks even better with her hair pulled up."

Draco looked at her again, his eyes narrowing a bit. If he were being frank, he actually thought she looked more like herself when her hair floated about her body rather than scraped away from her face. But he wasn't going to admit that to anyone, let alone Blaise, so he simply leaned back in his seat and folded his fingers behind his messy-haired head.

"You should keep your focus on your marks, Zabini," he said, mirroring his friend's smirk. "I saw that Muggle Studies essay you turned in. Your grammar is ghastly."

He joked with Blaise for a few minutes more, the subject of Granger's looks forgotten, and then Professor Slughorn swept into the classroom. He settled everyone down and stood at his desk.

"Good afternoon, students," he said with one of his thin-lipped smiles. "I do hope your day is going well. Do remember to take time to work on your Amortentia essays when you can. Now, if you please, look at the board."

Everyone's eyes turned to the front as a piece of chalk floated up into the air and began to write names down on the green board in fancy, light scrawl. Slughorn talked as it did.

"Today, you'll be partnering up to work on a fairly complicated but fast-brewing potion called Lividia," he said to a cacophony of excited whispers. The whispers soon turned into groans, however, when the chalk revealed itself to be writing the chosen partnerships.

Blaise Zabini & Harry Potter

Carly Lindman & Richard Folk

Theodore Nott & Vincent Crabbe

The names went on until Draco felt his heart sink a level inside his chest.

Hermione Granger & Draco Malfoy

Draco's eyes flicked to Granger, who had her head resolutely turned forward. He couldn't tell what she thought of the partnership.

"Who can tell me a little bit about Lividia?" Slughorn asked and, not to Draco's surprise, Granger's hand shot up into the air.

"Lividia is an emotion-altering potion meant for managing or inciting levels of anger," Granger stated as though it were the easiest answer in the wizarding world. "It poses a danger in large quantities, but in smaller doses, it can assist those who struggle to maintain their anger in stressful situations. Lividia is used by Healers of the mind at Azkaban and St. Mungo's, currently, but there's no research to support that it helps assist in long-term change."

Slughorn beamed down at her. "Thank you, Miss Granger, for that excellent description! Twenty-five points to Gryffindor."

Draco watched as Harry leaned forward to pat Granger fondly on the back while at the same time, the Red Weasel leaned over to whisper something to him that made him laugh and nudge him. He tried not to scoff. Those two were so painful in their blatant mocking of her sometimes. Did Gryffindors believe it was proper to tease a friend as long as they were the only ones doing it? Granger was a right know-it-all more often than not, but in the corridor outside his father's trial, she'd made it very clear that she was capable of deep, emotional thought. It had to hurt to know her friends didn't take her seriously.

Shaking the thoughts away before he started mentally punching himself, he tuned back in to Slughorn and tried not to dread that day's class too much.

"I'd like you and your partner to collect your cauldrons from the righthand shelves, as well as the proper ingredients from the cupboards. Turn to page 35 in your Advanced Potions books to find a full list and instructions. You have forty-five minutes to successfully brew this potion, after which I will assess your work by having one of you drink the potion, and the other say something to incite a strong emotion. And no levitation of the cauldrons; I'll not have any safety hazards after what happened Wednesday. You may begin."

Everyone started to head to the shelves, but Draco looked up to see that Granger had come to stand next to his end of the table. Her neck bobbed a bit - was it nerves? - and she pressed her lips together. The familiar "I-expect-you-to-be-less-intelligent-than-me" look had molded her face into a stony mask of arrogance as she gazed down at him.

"I've already brewed this potion before," she said in a clipped tone. "Therefore, I'll gather all the necessary materials and begin. You shouldn't need to lift so much as a finger."

Draco arched one eyebrow, trying to figure out if she had forgotten the past seven years of school, or if she truly didn't know how well he excelled at potion brewing. He made sure to keep his Occlumency walls in place, and then he slowly rose to his feet. Standing before her like this again, he was reminded of how well he towered over her, and was silently smug when he watched her take a step backward. With one hand, he swept his hair back and regarded her with a smirk.

"Still full of yourself, are we?" he said. Then, without lifting his chin, he let his eyes slide over the top of her head to the shelves. The only cauldron left was at the very top shelf. "Let's see, then. Go get the cauldron."

Having not seen that they were all claimed, Granger turned with her nose ever-higher in the air and strode with purpose to the cauldron shelves. Draco heard two Seventh Year girls in front of the table whispering about her traitorous, whorelike appearance, and he didn't know which was more humorous: the misguided notion that Granger looked anything like a whore, or that they thought she was a traitor for getting unwillingly assigned to be his partner. Or perhaps it was watching her struggling on the tips of her toes to reach a cauldron he knew she'd never be able to reach.

Adjusting the lapels of his black suit jacket, Draco came to stand beside her. With a casual motion, he slipped one hand into the pocket of his trousers and lifted the other to lean against the topmost shelf. Again, his brow arched up.

"Shall I lift a finger, then? Or did you want to just start jumping?"

Granger's glare was so heated that Draco felt like with the proper execution, she could have wandlessly set him aflame. She said nothing and reached up again. Draco watched her struggle, his eyes catching sight of the tip of her tongue sticking out of the side of her mouth as she tried her best to grab the cauldron by his hand. His Occlumency trembled, and he stared at her mouth and face for a long moment, intensely studying the look there, and wondered if he'd gone mad.

"Oh, honestly, Malfoy," she finally huffed, settling back onto her feet with her arms crossed over her chest. "Stop being such a git. Get the cauldron and meet me at the table."

Malfoy smirked again. "Where's your Gryffindor manners?"

"Please return to your seats, Miss Granger, Mr. Malfoy," came Slughorn's chipper voice. "Every moment counts on the clock."

"Malfoy," Granger urged. "Get the cauldron!"

"Get the cauldron . . ." He lowered his voice, his heart racing. He didn't know what he was doing, what he was playing at, but he knew that he rather liked it when she glared at him. Her eyes looked very . . . Expressive. "What, Malfoy?"

Granger balled her hands into fists at her sides and bared her teeth at him in an uncharacteristic snarl. "Get the cauldron, please."

"Please . . . ?"

"Please, Malfoy."

Still smirking and eyes never leaving hers, he plucked the cauldron off of the top shelf with ease and handed it to her. She snatched it from him and then stormed over to gather the ingredients. Draco returned to his seat, forcing his Occlumency walls back up before they completely crumbled into nothing. He had no idea why he'd done that, or what he'd been doing, but he did know that he liked it when she said the word please.

What the fuck, Draco? What the fuck? he thought, wiping his sweating palms against his trousers. He mentally kicked himself. Granger was not pretty, she was not attractive, and she was definitely not someone who seemed to notice him during Sixth Year when everyone else was ignoring him. He just had to keep telling himself that, over and over again. Granger was not, Granger was not, Granger was . . .

Granger returned to the table and began preparing the station, and her full cheeks were flushed with anger. She was moving the ingredients about with more force than necessary, glowering at him every so often as if she were speaking a stream of insults at him mentally. Draco had never before seen someone look at him with such unbridled rage.

Granger was quite fucking fit.

They spent the next ten minutes in tense silence, Granger chopping and slicing and crushing things with a heavy hand. Draco watched her with amusement as he nimbly prepared his half of the ingredients, relishing in the fact that when she was angry, she wasn't as perfect as she wanted to be. He finished his half quite quickly and then watched her struggle with cutting a centipede body into the correct amount of pieces. It was still wriggling and she seemed terrified that it was going to sting her before she got it done.

"You took Advanced Potions for . . . What?" he suddenly asked, standing up so suddenly that she gasped and jumped back from the table. A couple groups around them gave her weird looks, as if she'd done something mental. "Shits and giggles?"

Granger said nothing, but Draco saw her cheeks darken considerably as he came around to stand beside her. The bubbling of the cauldron seemed to calm the mood a bit as he reached for the knife in her hand and firmly held the centipede down with the other. Without looking away from her, he confidently chopped it into exactly 9 pieces, and then dropped them one-by-one into the vat.

"Simple," he said.

Granger pressed her lips together and exhaled heavily. She seemed to be struggling with her ire. "It was going to sting me."

Draco rolled his eyes. "It was not going to do anything to you, you stupid bint. Centipedes are powerless against magic persuasion. You're supposed to use a spell to subdue them. You should know that by now."

"Forgive me," she spat, her eyes glaring at the cauldron. The potion inside had turned a rich purple color, signifying a perfect brew. "I was a little preoccupied last year. I don't know if you recall. The serpent staying in your home was trying to kill me and anyone like me. Oh, wait. I forgot. You were too busy helping him infiltrate Hogwarts the year before. You must have been preoccupied, too."

Draco stared at her for a second, and then it was too late. He couldn't stop his anger from taking over. Something about the defiance in her tone coupled with her apparent desire to remind him that Voldemort had claimed his family and his home, as though she didn't know the serpentine demon had destroyed them, made him want to scream. She really was a know-it-all swot, and he wasn't going to let her think for a second that just because she spoke up for Lucius that she could speak to him like that.

"You chavvy little Mudblood," he snarled, drawing his shoulders back to silently remind her how much more powerful he was than her. "I should pull my wand on you and teach you a lesson about respect. How dare you speak to me like that?"

They'd drawn the attention of more than half the class by now, including a concerned Potter, who was starting toward them. Draco paid him no mind, however, and instead, kept his attention on Granger, whose face was quite open in its hatred of him as she tilted her chin back to keep their eyes locked.

"Mudblood," she scoffed. "Is that the best you've got, Malfoy? Or did Voldemort take your skill at crafting insults from you, too?"

He was quiet for a long, drawn out moment while he considered what to do. His rage was swirling within him, pulsating and screaming at him, but he wasn't entirely sure it was directed at her or at Voldemort and everything he'd put him through. His eyes bore intensely into her own, and he wondered if she was mad to be instigating an argument like this with him.

"Well?" Her eyebrows shot up.

"No. It's not."

And then he had his hands on her upper arms, gripping them tight enough to bruise, and her back pressed up against the table side. It rocked, the contents of their cauldron nearly spilling, and the fear that bled in through Granger's resolve was palpable in the air. The students around them gasped and exclaimed, and both Potter and Weasley were scrambling across the room to finally pay some mind to their supposed friend. Malfoy was so angry he could barely see straight.

"Let go of me!" Granger yelled, but her voice quivered at the end, and Draco knew he had her.

"Never talk to me like that again," he snarled into her face, feeling his chest meet hers as they both struggled for breath. "Never insinuate that what I did was of my own accord. Do you hear me?"

"Mate?" Blaise was beside him then, looking bewildered and concerned as he gently prised Draco's right hand off of her upper arm. Then, he leaned in closer. "Delicate, remember?"

Draco locked eyes with his friend, remembering their conversation in the common room, and then he seemed to slam back into his body. He jolted and let go of Granger right as Potter and Weaselbee jabbed the tips of their wands into the back of his neck.

"Move away from Hermione, ferret!" Potter growled, sounding angrier than he'd ever heard him sound before.

"I'll curse the bollocks off of you if you don't," the Weasel added. Draco knew he would.

"Mr. Malfoy! I told you I would be having you consume the Lividia potion in front of the class after I checked your brews!" Slughorn scolded, hands on his portly hips. "Why would you take a potion like this before learning the proper dose?"

Staring around at the shocked, horrified faces and realizing the gravity of what he'd done, Draco felt his Occlumency walls tremble. He was beyond mortified. Shame didn't even cover it when he looked back down at the much smaller, much more fragile Granger, who was glaring at the floor while rubbing her sure-to-bruise arms. For a flash of one moment, he saw his mother there, nursing bruises long-ago left by Lucius, and he hated himself.

Without another word, he turned tail and strode purposefully out of the room.

Draco stayed in the Library for almost the entire night, staring at the same page in a book for hours. He couldn't muster the courage to have dinner, let alone the fortitude to face Granger and a table full of people who were likely to hex him the moment he entered the Great Hall. He left when it got so late that Madam Pince was angry, and when he trudged into the common room, he was relieved to see that it was dark and nearly empty.

Crabbe sat on the couch in front of the fire, his elbows resting on his thighs as he leaned forward and gazed into the flames. Draco sat down beside him, finding that regardless of what happened that day in Potions, he didn't mind being near someone he'd once called a friend.

"Evening, Crabbe," he said shortly, and then he rubbed his face with exhaustion. "Long day for you too, then?"

"Long week," he muttered, still not lifting his eyes from the fire. "I haven't heard from my father since last Saturday. Likely they've administered the Kiss by now. Don't think I'll hear from him again."

Draco frowned and rested his chin on his palm. He didn't know what to say. He was a Slytherin, not a bloody Hufflepuff. He just hoped Crabbe didn't start snivelling like he used to in Third Year.

He did know how he felt, though. Lucius would eventually receive the Kiss. Draco would be older by then, but there would come a time when he didn't hear from his father again as well.

"I'm sure my father knows something," Draco said. "I'll write to him and ask him."

"Appreciated," Crabbe grunted, steepling his fingers in front of his face. He seemed different ever since he'd survived the Fiendfyre spell he'd cast. Draco had wanted to scold him for that, for casting it, but now that he looked at him, he didn't want to do anything that would encourage Crabbe to slam a fist into his face. Draco wasn't foolish.

Crabbe continued, "How's your father, then?'

"Surviving, I suppose," Draco replied, not bothering to move his hair out of his face. He felt too exhausted. "He can't think about it too much, I'd say. Thirty years is an awful long time, yeah?"

Crabbe nodded, and then the two of them watched the flames for a few minutes.

"Things are so different now," Crabbe said after a while. "Don't you think?"

Draco snorted. "Obviously, Crabbe. I see you haven't lost your penchant for superfluous statements."

He'd meant it as a jest, but Crabbe's mouth didn't even twitch. He looked quite emotionless, actually, but his eyes seemed to burn from within.

"I wish we would have won," was his reply.

Draco stared at him, his thoughts mulling about. He'd thought that, too, at first. When his mother was sobbing in the Drawing Room after the Aurors destroyed their home and took their belongings, he'd wished they'd won and that Dumbledore's Army had lost. But then he'd remembered all of the horrible things Voldemort had said and done, the sleepless nights and pain he'd endured. Granger on the Drawing Room floor . . . Dumbledore dead at Snape's wand . . . A calmly-cast crucio from Voldemort that made Draco feel as though his insides were being ripped out from within . . . The Revels . . . And he'd long since decided that hewas glad they'd lost. Even if that meant he never saw his father outside of Azkaban again, he was glad they'd lost.

But he'd never tell anyone that.

"If we'd have won," Crabbe said in a hushed tone, eyes fixed on his palms as if seeing phantom blood, "then the first thing I would have done was teach that Granger bitch a true lesson. A real lesson. One she wouldn't forget."

Draco didn't want to think about Granger, or the fact that he'd said something similar to her just that day. He wasn't like his father - he didn't want to remember what it felt like to feel her flesh beneath his hands. He never wanted to lose control of his emotions like that again. But he wasn't surprised Crabbe felt the way he did. Voldemort had made it okay to think one race was superior to another. Voldemort had taught his Death Eaters and their children that Muggle-borns possessed dirty blood and stolen magic. Draco truly didn't feel that way anymore, but when angry, it had been so easy to let the word slip from his tongue, if only to hurt Granger as deeply as possible. It terrified him, that he might be anything like Voldemort.

Sometimes, Draco truly hated himself.

"Her blood is as dirty as the ground she walks upon," Crabbe spat, clenching his hands into fists. "She holds herself as though she belongs amongst us, her tainted magic mingling with our Pure magic. Someone ought to show her what her blood looks like, so she can see that it's muddy and brown."

As he ranted, Draco found himself staring so intently at the fire, lost in thought, that his vision had begun to blur. Everything Crabbe said, though morbid, did not shock Draco. They'd spent many nights in the Slytherin common room as boys, talking about how much they hated Granger. Crabbe seemed different now, yeah, but he'd never been capable of thought deep enough to spring to any sort of action.

He didn't think Crabbe would be able to handle the look in Granger's eyes when she was scared. Draco had seen it more often than he'd ever thought he'd be seeing it in his lifetime, and it wasn't exactly . . . Settling for the stomach.

It didn't help that he'd caused her to look at him in fear that afternoon. He didn't know what to think about it, but he did know that his mother would be extremely disappointed in him if she found out that he'd grabbed her. Granger was strong, but Draco could tell: under his hands, she wasn't that strong. He was lucky Slughorn hadn't gone to McGonagall.

The fire crackled loudly, sending sparks out onto the stone floor, and Draco had a disturbing mental image of Granger burning amongst the coals. He could almost hear her screams, high-pitched and full of keening wails, just like that night under Aunt Bella's wand. He wanted to hurt himself for it. Was he just like Lucius? The dark parts, the deepest, darkest parts? It filled him with a silent panic, and Occlumency was the only thing that kept him from showing it in front of Crabbe.

Crabbe was still rambling.

". . . I remember Greyback saying she can't run that fast. It wouldn't be difficult. A little feint towards her, trip her up, and she'd go down. It's not like she isn't vocal about her classes. She's ghastly with how predictable she is. Charms, Transfiguration, Advanced Potions, and Defense Against the Dark Arts, in that order."

Draco continued to stare at the fire. He wasn't really listening.

"Bloody annoying slag. Mudblood whore," Crabbe was muttering. "I'd like to see her cry, you know? Just to see her break down."

She looks awful when she cries, Draco thought as he watched the magical flames lick up the edges of wood that would never burn. He didn't want to see her cry ever again.

"I wonder what she tastes like."

Slowly, Crabbe's poisonous words sunk into the depths of Draco's mind, and then just as slowly, his silver eyes ripped themselves from the steady flames and slid to Crabbe. Crabbe wasn't looking at him. He was staring at the fire, completely lost in his twisted thoughts.

For the first time in years, Draco saw Crabbe.

What . . . The actual . . . Fuck? Draco thought, alarm bells screaming in his head.

"What, mate?" Draco didn't move the position of his body, legs still outstretched and chin propped in his palm. "What did you say?"

"Unfair, innit?" Crabbe said softly. "The rules."

"What?" Draco was still stuck on Crabbe's desire to taste Granger.

Crabbe's eyes lifted and looked up the girls' dorm stairs. "It's real unfair. To have to share a space with something as unclean and selfish as that Mudblood."

He got up and went towards the boys's dorms, leaving Draco on the couch with a deafening roar rushing past his ears. He sat up straight, one hand on the arm of the couch and the other on the cushion beside him, and stared after his old friend, wondering what happened to the Crabbe he used to know. The bumbling idiot who used to trip on thin air and fight with Goyle over the right to follow Malfoy's orders first. This Crabbe was different. Calculating. Angry. Full of rage over exactly what Draco thought he was enraged about: the fact that Granger hadn't spoken for any Death Eater other than Lucius Malfoy, and nobody knew why.

Draco didn't know if he could say for sure, but . . . Was Crabbe . . . Dangerous? Or was he just talking out of his ass, taking the piss, because he was bitter? Draco knew Crabbe, but did he really know him? Granger was strong of will, but she was physically weak. Breakable. If she'd been unable to fight Malfoy off in Potions class, how would she be able to fight off someone as big as Crabbe?

He shook his head, running his hands through his hair. Blimey. Sitting in the common room, worrying over Granger's well-being. It felt like he was living in an alternate universe.



 

Invisible


Say It To My Face by Madison Beer, Runaways by Lowell, and Hallucinations by PVRIS

Hermione POV

"Delicate, remember?"

Hermione sprinted down the corridors towards the Eighth Year dorms, fleeing from Slughorn's classroom as though Malfoy himself were on her heels. Her heartbeat sputtered with rapid pleas, begging her to slow down, but she paid it no heed. She couldn't. Not when she was this overcome. As it was, her lungs were constricted, her upper arms throbbed with a dull ache and tingle, and sweat prickled along the back of her exposed neck.

In all the years she'd known Malfoy, he'd never been so angry. Or at least, she'd never seen him that way. He never lost control, as far as she knew, and always appeared to be the picture of calm. He seemed so much like his father in that regard, and Hermione wondered if it was a Pureblood mannerism to experience everything from behind a mask. Draco intimidated her in every sense of the word, even down to the dark beauty he possessed and the storm that raged in his eyes when he looked at her.

But today, when Hermione herself had lost control, she'd physically watched as his Occlumency faltered and he'd lashed out. He'd grabbed her roughly, just enough to send a message, and in that moment she'd been terrified. Even with Harry, Ron, and a classroom full of people, she'd felt like they were the only two people in the room. Her eyes hadn't been able to tear themselves away from his, and her mind kept screaming at her, Death Eater! He's a Death Eater! He'll hurt you!

Hermione thought of herself as a tough girl. She'd seen more of the dark side of the world than anyone else her age, and she knew that was what set her apart from her classmates. She put up with a lot from her own friends, and she'd been dealing with Malfoy's insults and his berating for seven years now. She hadn't thought that he could sink any lower, but now?

Now that she was standing in front of the mirror in her dorm clad in her white camisole, looking at the imprint of his fingers in her skin, she knew he'd hit rock bottom.

What was wrong with her? Why didn't she have her wand nearby? She'd been wearing her skirts under her robes, keeping her wand in a satchel. How differently would the encounter with Draco have played out had she worn trousers with a pocket for it? Malfoy didn't stand a chance against Hermione Granger with her wand. No one did. So why had she been acting so bloody stupid?

Tears filled her eyes and she gazed pointedly up at the ceiling, willing them away by counting back from a specific number. She didn't want to break down, not over Malfoy. It was difficult, though, knowing that she'd given up virtually everything she'd accomplished and the friendships she'd carefully fostered over the years just because she wanted to help his family. Her compassion had proven to be a weak point in the armor of her heart, and now it was backfiring on her. Her friends barely acknowledged her, or at least they treated her like more of a friend than a best friend. She was called names in the hallways and the Great Hall on the daily, and she was treated miserably in class. Malfoy still regarded her with distaste, and now that he'd gotten physical with her, she wasn't sure if Luna had been correct to assume he felt gratitude towards her for her help.

Her mind thought back to class, trying to analyze and think over every aspect of her interaction with the blond. She remembered being miffed with him. So miffed, in fact, that she'd given him a couple of low blows to his emotional gut. She remembered the lazy drawl of his voice as he watched her struggle on her tip-toes. She recalled the intensity of his stare upon her face as though he either didn't realize she knew he was staring, or he simply didn't care. She would never forget the rage-filled flames that blazed in his silver eyes as he gripped her in defense of his ego and pride.

Whatever small shred of hope she'd held that Draco wasn't as bad as she thought was gone. She now knew he was a bully, through-and-through.

A knock came at the door, and she opened it to see Luna standing there looking dreamy and concerned. She wore a blue long-sleeved top and trousers, and her hair was pulled into a ponytail at the side of her head.

Lately, Luna had been around Harry and Ron quite a bit, and while Hermione felt a little like they found Luna more entertaining to be around, she'd kept her sentiments to herself because she didn't want to cause any upset amongst the friendship. With her making the decision to help Lucius, she worried she existed upon thin ice with them. So she let her into the room not because she actually wanted to, but because she feared it would be rather rude and telling if she didn't.

"Are you ever so all right, Hermione?" Luna asked. "Ron's told me what happened in class."

"I'm okay," Hermione said. She kept her eyes lowered, finding that there was no point in trying to hide the bruising. The entire classroom had witnessed the encounter. "Where are Harry and Ron? Do you know?"

"Down in the common room," Luna said. "Their heads are full of Nargles, though, and they're very upset. Probably best to leave them be for a minute, yeah? Ron was already upset this morning when he received a letter from his mother . . ."

"A letter?"

"Yes," she said. "You see, his mother is still unhappy with Ginevra not choosing graduation. She wants Ronald to write to her and ask her to come home."

"Oh . . ." Hermione couldn't help but feel a bit dour. She was so out of the loop with her friends that she hadn't even known Molly and Ron were struggling with Ginny. She wondered if Harry knew about Molly's request, but at the same time, it didn't much matter at the moment. She was sure that it had everything to do with Fred's death. Molly never had been quite the same since.

"Those bruises look awful," Luna said softly. "Shall I escort you to the Infirmary?"

"I'll be alright," Hermione said with a polite smile. "I think it was just . . . A random situation. Malfoy's loathsome and he always has been, but I don't think he'd do something like that again. He's just a bully, and inside, bullies are just scared little kids."

"Ah," Luna said, and she drifted over to the window. She pressed her hands and face against the glass most bizarrely. "Yes, I'm sure you're right. Do you plan to go to McGonagall?"

Hermione opened her mouth, no words coming out when she realized that she didn't know the answer. She was sure Slughorn would report the incident, but in the case that he didn't, Hermione knew she should probably head to speak to the Headmistress herself. But when she thought about it, it made her feel awful. Malfoy wasn't exactly on good terms with the Ministry. A report of violence against another student was likely grounds for expulsion, in his case. His family was already so broken, and Hermione had a feeling Hogwarts was the only bright spot on his horizon. Did she really want to be the one to take that away from him?

"I should like to speak to him, I think," Hermione said after buttoning her blouse to the top. She smoothed out the wrinkles in the white fabric before shrugging back into her robes. "I want to see if we can work things out, so we can go back to the way things were - which was us not talking. Like, at all. What he did was wrong, and I'm sure he didn't do it intentionally."

Luna turned to face her, her hands clasped behind her back. "Harry said you were brewing Lividia. Could perhaps the fumes have affected his sensibilities?"

Hermione's eyebrows shot up. She hadn't thought of that. She tapped her chin. "Hm, you might be correct, Luna. I'll go straight to Slughorn after my Defense Against the Dark Arts class, and then find out."

In the common room, she got a few lingering looks from her fellow Eighth Years, but she kept her focus on Harry and Ron.

"Hermione!" Harry said, hurrying to wrap Hermione in his arms. He rubbed her back. "Are you alright? He didn't hurt you too badly, did he?"

"That tosser," Ron growled, taking Hermione's chin in his hand as if inspecting her cheeks for marks. His brow furrowed with concern. It seemed too intimate to Hermione, so she flushed and turned her face from his grip.

"I'm fine, Harry, Ron," she insisted. Then, she looked at Luna. "And Luna and I are not entirely sure that it was Malfoy's fault."

Ron exploded. "Not his fault? Hermione! I saw him! We both did!"

"He's right, Hermione!" Harry cried. "How could you say that? The whole class saw him go mental and attack you. He's lucky Ron and I haven't found him yet."

"Please," Luna said, and Hermione's eyes widened a bit when she saw Luna brush her fingers along Ron's cheekbone. He flushed in their wake. "It's quite alright. I think we should all calm down, and once Hermione speaks to Professor Slughorn, then we will know. The Nargles are going into a frenzy, and when they get angry, they can absorb your magic. Be careful."

Hermione pressed her lips together, but Harry and Ron both seemed grave. Nargles couldn't possibly be real, of course, with no proof, and it surprised her to see her friends blindly agreeing with her without question. Hermione felt a sting of jealousy.

She was starting to worry that she was being replaced and after seven long, eventful years and one very huge, important war, that hurt.

Defense Against the Dark Arts seemed to crawl by agonizingly slow. Everyone had heard about Draco Malfoy's outburst, of course, and a number of people had started giving Hermione suspicious looks. It bothered her, not because they weren't seeming to think anything of Malfoy's role, but because they heard he'd hurt her and their first response was to become wary of her. A Seventh Year boy asked her right in front of everyone at the end of class if she was dating Malfoy and if his outburst was the result of a lover's quarrel, and Hermione had nearly jinxed him on the spot.

After class, however, she got a series of relieving answers from Professor Slughorn before dinner.

First of all, Malfoy's uncontrollable anger was likely to be a result of the Lividia fumes. That didn't resolve the issue of his prattiness with the cauldron, nor the confusion she felt at how well she'd played along with his little display, but it at least explained the uncharacteristic outburst. Saying please to Malfoy was not exactly on her list of things to do, yet she'd said it. She'd said it knowing that he'd been staring at her quite intently while she tottered on her tip-toes, and knowing that she was giving up some semblance of power to him by doing it. She wasn't sure what to think about that.

Second of all, the fact that they were working with a mood-altering potion made Slughorn feel wary of reporting Malfoy for what he'd done. He didn't want anyone getting in trouble for his mistake in potion choice for that class period. Therefore, Hermione didn't have to worry about Malfoy getting reprimanded or possibly expelled for something that wasn't exactly his fault.

And finally, Slughorn had still given them an O for the day because their potion was so potent that it had affected Malfoy via inhalation. Slughorn also promised Hermione that if he ever did a mood-altering potion again, he would provide some form of protection.

At dinner, Hermione marched straight up to the end of the table where the Slytherins sat, steeling herself for the hurricane that was sure to come. Of course, the very full Dining Hall loved this impending interaction, hundreds of eager eyes fixed on her to watch what happened. Harry was also watching her, looking horrified and surprised at the same time, but luckily Ron was busy in conversation with Seamus.

She kept a tight grip around her books, set her jaw, and tilted her chin up.

"Where is Malfoy?" she asked firmly. "I would very much like to speak with him."

Pansy and Daphne exchanged glances, smirking as though sharing some secret joke. Goyle coughed on his food, but it sounded suspiciously like a cover-up for a laugh. Theo was staring up at her with curiosity, and Blaise outright grinned at his plate. And Crabbe . . . Well, Crabbe was just Crabbe: Staring resolutely at his plate and eating bites that were way larger than necessary. He didn't even bother to look at Hermione.

"I'm serious," Hermione urged. "I would like to speak to him. I have something important to say."

Pansy rolled her eyes. "Bugger off, bint. No one's going to help you."

Frustrated, Hermione didn't have the energy to argue with them. Not only was she a victim in this situation, but they weren't exactly acting like they realized they'd fought on the losing side in the war. They had an awful lot of nerve for a band of failures. To top that off, her arms hurt quite badly, and she needed to take her seat before she dropped her things. Since it was all their friend's fault that her arms hurt, she felt like they should be the ones to reveal his whereabouts.

Hermione told them all this in a matter-of-fact voice, because she was Hermione, and they all stared up at her in shock with their utensils halfway up to their mouths.

"You're a right, proper bitch, aren't you?" Pansy scoffed, dropping her fork with an angry clatter. She slammed her palms down on the tabletop and pushed herself to her feet. "Your friends don't want you around because you helped Lucius Malfoy, and guess what? Us Slytherins don't want you around either. Why? Because you're insufferable. You're conceited, and you think you're better than everyone just because you know how to read."

Everyone close enough to hear her stared in open-mouthed astonishment, watching to see Hermione's reaction. Feeling somewhat nervous, Hermione glanced at Harry and Ron, but they were too far down the table to have heard what Pansy said. She swallowed, hugged her books closer, and then held her head high once more.

"If you see him, please tell him that what happened was not his fault -"

"He doesn't give a flying fuck, Granger!" Pansy snarled, her fingernails curving into the wood of the table. "Whatever he did to you, he probably did it on purpose and you deserved it."

"You don't even know what you're talking about." Hermione seethed, remembering how much she disliked Pansy Parkinson. "Slughorn said -"

"I'm telling you I think you deserved it," Pansy snapped, cutting her off. "Now, piss off."

Hermione stood there for a long moment, trying to decide what to do. She knew she was wasting her time. She could always speak to Malfoy in the common room, knock on his dorm room door, or tell him what Slughorn said in Advanced Potions on Monday. She supposed she stayed standing there because she was embarrassed, or perhaps because she wanted to at least try to stand up for herself. She just hated how terrible she felt, hated how everyone in the Great Hall was looking at her, waiting for her to make herself look dumb. She felt like a doll on display, just not a very good-looking one.

It felt like she was eleven again.

Suddenly, Crabbe stood and faced Hermione. He filled up quite a bit more air space than Malfoy did, and if the blond was imposing, then Hermione didn't know how to feel about Crabbe. His body was huge, muscles bulging like he ate nothing but pure protein. His eyes, black as night, fixed themselves upon her face. Hermione knit her brows together.

"Mudblood cunt," he hissed into her face, and then he stormed past her, shoving her shoulder so forcefully that it exacerbated her bruise.

Hermione cried out in a mixture of shock and pain, stumbling to the side and knocking into Blaise's back where he sat. He turned and caught her in the next moment, shouting Crabbe's name at his rapidly-receding back. The surrounding tables erupted in a flurry of activity, confusing shouts, and people chattering like monkeys. All of a sudden, Harry was clambering over the table to get to her, ignoring the professors scolding him from the head table.

"Hermione!" he cried. "Hermione, are you alright?"

"I'm okay," Hermione said shakily. She had obviously been called a Mudblood before, but something about the way Crabbe said it made her feel as though she were standing atop a cracked glass bridge. She stood up straight. "Thank you, Zabini."

"I'll talk to him," Blaise said, his earlier cheeky smile having faded into a frown. He was still eyeing the door to the Great Hall, where Crabbe had disappeared through moments ago. "To Malfoy, I mean. You said it wasn't his fault?"

"Right," she said, voice still a bit meek. She could still feel the force of Crabbe's body pushing into her own. "Professor Slughorn explained that the fumes of the Lividia potion, when correctly brewed, can cause affect. Our potion was perfect, and due to his close vicinity to the cauldron, Malfoy experienced its effects. Please tell him that."

"Oh," Harry said, arm wrapped around Hermione's shoulders. "So that's why he went barmy. I'm not quite sure what to think of him now."

"You obviously still hate him," Blaise said, a bit of a spark in his eye as his lips curled.

"Oh, of course," Harry shot back, smirking.

"Naturally." Blaise winked. "In any case, I'll be sure to pass along the message. And for what it's worth, try not to listen to Crabbe. Bloke's a right git these days. A bit mental."

"Ah," Harry said, looking at the doors. Then, without so much as a good-bye, he steered Hermione back to their side of the table.

Hermione sat down, unable to stop the warmth that spread through her chest as not only Harry, but Luna, Ron, and even Dean Thomas began to fuss over her. It was, quite frankly, the most positive attention she'd received in the week since school began. Professors Flitwick and McGonagall practically flew to their table, trying to ensure that she was all right, and promising to reprimand Crabbe. After the Professors had returned to their seats, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville began ranting about plans to corner Crabbe and hex him in whatever way they could, and it did make Hermione feel better even if she knew they probably were just taking the piss. Hermione was then able to push aside the ache of her bruised arms and the embarrassment of the situation and eat a nice dinner with her friends.

In the back of her mind, a nagging thought wouldn't seem to dissipate, no matter how many times Hermione tried to banish it.

Why does it take me being physically harmed for them to pay attention to me?

Two weeks went by, the end of September drew nigh, and it was as if nothing had changed. The leaves turned auburn, the cold air nipped noses, and everything went on in Hermione's life as usual.

Hermione still trailed alongside groups, unable to contribute anything more than random facts to conversations that no one seemed able to respond to with anything other than politeness. She often found herself falling behind and nobody noticing, and where in the past she would have just walked alone, now she felt a little uncomfortable being alone in the halls. She was scared of Crabbe, of course, but she was also scared of the younger Hogwarts students, the Slytherins specifically. Crabbe had been given detention, but that seemed to be ignored by them. All of her classmates just seemed to see that he'd stood up in front of the entire school and said what was on everyone's minds. She knew the other Houses didn't see her as a Mudblood, but they did see her as a traitor, and they now knew they could confront her and get nothing more than a few weeks' worth of detention.

Of course, when she tried to explain this to Harry and Ron, they'd just puffed up their chests.

"No one's going to touch you again, 'Mione," Harry said. "Not if I can help it."

"Everyone knows I cast a mean bat-bogey hex," Ron grinned.

But if Crabbe had harmed her in front of everyone without worrying about the Harry-and-Ron-sequences, then what was to stop someone else from accosting her? She felt frustrated and like they weren't listening to her. She didn't know what it was exactly that she wanted, but she did know that she didn't feel safe anymore. Wand or not.

Things with Malfoy weren't as she expected, either.

In Advanced Potions, they sat far away from each other each class period, and that had been the case since the first day. But on Monday, when she entered the classroom, he was sitting in the furthest corner of the back of the room, as if he couldn't get far enough away. He didn't look up from the top of the desk as she walked in, and she nearly tripped from how hard she was staring at him and hoping he shot her a glance. She didn't know if Blaise had actually given him the message from her on Friday, but she hoped Slughorn had spoken to him, at least. She didn't know why she needed him to know so badly, but she knew deep down that Malfoy was not the type of person to get physical with a woman like that because if he were, then he would have done it years ago.

She supposed she hadn't had any real sort of plan with him having the knowledge that his outburst wasn't his fault. It wasn't like they were friends or even acquaintances. What had she expected? Malfoy to appear at her desk and ask to sit beside her?

Why did she want that in the first place?

She wondered if it had something to do with their shared experience at Malfoy Manor, but then dismissed the thought as quickly as it appeared. It wasn't like he cared. If he did, he would have stepped forward to help her back then. Instead, he'd just stood by the fireplace with his parents and let Bellatrix torture her. Though Malfoy had been present, that didn't mean he knew what it was like, or 'shared' in the experience in any way with her. She was foolish for even thinking about it.

The last Wednesday of the month, Hermione had been growing somber with the knowledge that her father's birthday was the 1st of October. She hadn't spoken to her parents in over one year, and she didn't know if she would ever see them again. That was why she wanted to work in a potion crafting career for a bit - because she wanted to have a better chance of seeing them once more. It was hard, focusing in class with his birthday coming up. Traditionally, they ate his favorite red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting, but Hogwarts never had anything so Muggle during mealtimes.

In any case, she wanted to talk to Harry about it, seeing as he was her best friend and she was feeling quite down. She approached him in the common room that evening, asking him if he had time to talk.

"Sure," Harry said, looking up from the wizard's chess board for a moment. Then, he smirked across it at Seamus. "Knight to E5."

Hermione shifted uncomfortably from her left foot to her right. "Um . . . Privately?"

Harry frowned, watching Seamus move a pawn, and then gave Hermione a disappointed look. "Right now? We just got into the swing of the game."

Hermione's eyes studied his, looking to see if he truly thought his wizard's chess game was more important than giving her some of his time. When he just stared up at her like a lost puppy, she felt her heart sink.

"I suppose we can talk later," she said, her voice quiet. She twisted her hands in the hem of her pleated skirt.

"I can talk now," Luna said, drifting over from one of the bookshelves. "Would you like to speak to me?"

Hermione hesitated. She wasn't sure if she felt like she was comfortable enough to spill her heart out to Luna. Then again, things were so different now, and Hermione wasn't even sure if her best friends were comfortable with her anymore. All because of her choice regarding Lucius Malfoy. It seemed so unfair that by doing something good and selfless for someone else, she'd pretty much lost everything she knew. And as she stood there, looking into Luna's sparkling blue eyes, Hermione felt like the best way for her to overcome her loneliness was to assimilate.

If things were going to change, she had to accept it. She had to change with them because it was her choices that had brought them to this point. She'd always been a bit of a know-it-all. It didn't seem annoying to them until after she'd helped Lucius. If that's what all this was about, she was just going to have to ride the waves of the aftermath until everything settled down into what it was changing to be.

"That would be lovely, Luna," Hermione said decidedly, offering her a smile.

But it didn't matter, in the end. Ron swooped in to remind Luna that she'd promised to help him with an essay, and Luna chose to stick to her prior engagement. Hermione felt the familiar swoon of budding tears in the corners of her eyes and the swell of her throat, and she excused herself to her room to cry.

And then, as if it couldn't get any worse, when she woke from her sadness-induced nap and went downstairs to get a sip of water, she was confronted by Parvati and Dean. They demanded to know the truth behind her decision to help Lucius, and it was by the grace of Merlin that they were the only three in the common room at that time of night.

"Some of us got together,"' Parvati said, exchanging glances with Dean, "and we think you're hiding something. About you and Malfoy."

"What could I possibly be hiding?" Hermione scoffed, hands on her hips. Her head was pounding from shedding so many tears, and she was tired. If they wanted the truth, they could ask. She wished they didn't feel comfortable enough to make assumptions, and then ask for confirmation of those falsehoods later.

Dean raised his brows. "Are you guys shagging?"

Hermione blinked. She was getting sick of this insinuation."I am not. Shagging. Draco Malfoy. I simply wanted to do something selfless, something that was within my power. I wanted to help. Why can none of you understand that?"

Parvati didn't look convinced. "It just seems odd. Odd that after his role in Professor Dumbledore's death and his role as a follower of Voldemort, you would do anything on Earth to help him. Odd that not only are you finding yourselves in public spats together, but also that he watches you in the Great Hall at meals."

"We do not spat. Malfoy is . . ." Hermione trailed off, her heart skipping a beat for a moment. "Malfoy watches me?"

Dean's eyes scanned Hermione's face as he leaned against one of the stone counters. "Aye," he replied, then he looked confused. "We thought all of this was because you two were in some sort of partnership or . . . Or arranged marriage . . ."

The shock that registered on Hermione's face only served to force Dean into trailing off and looking perplexed. She could tell that he really, truly believed that she and Malfoy had a clandestine arrangement. He really, truly believed that Hermione was rolling around in the bedsheets with someone they still thought of as the enemy, as though she were silly enough to disregard the bullying Malfoy put her through in the previous years. The constant taunts about the gravity-defying abilities of her hair, the apparently abnormal size of her two front teeth, and the racial epithets he loved to sling her way from time to time weren't appearing to register in their brains as a deterrent.

Did they think she liked being insulted, and for some strange reason, fell for Malfoy because of it? No doubt he was lush, but that didn't mean she could just overlook the first six years of their schooling. Or rather, the first five, since he generally left everyone alone during Sixth Year.

A mental image of Malfoy's lips nearing her own made a swirling tangle of emotions pass through her heart. Fear that it would be against her will. Horror at how Ron would react. Shame over how Harry would feel, what with Dumbledore's importance in his life. But then there were the other emotions. Curiosity at how someone like Malfoy would choose to kiss her pervaded through her thought process in a way that felt like a sticky potion that needs scourgify to be cleaned from the skin.

He reminded her of a panther sometimes, sleek and cunning. A panther whose every attack, every move, was done with a purposeful premeditation winding through the way it slunk amongst the shadows. If they were to kiss, would Malfoy pounce? Or was he more gentle, like a soft breeze through the hair when you're sitting amongst flowers in Spring? Would he touch her face with a tenderness hidden by all of his Slytherin wiles? She entertained the daydream for a solid three seconds, her eyes staring at the empty common room beyond her peers' heads.

And then she snapped out of it. If Malfoy had seen fit to stand there and watch his aunt crucio her senses into ash, then he was neither gentle, nor wanting. He was just a coward. Hermione had read plenty of romance novels to know that she had no desire to press her lips to the mouth of anyone who could allow her to be hurt.

The thought was so absurd that she felt the laughter bubbling up from the depths of her gut before it spewed from her lips. She giggled like a Third Year, holding her stomach as she bent forward and fell apart in fits of mirth.

"Me? With him? The ferret? I'm not into bestiality, Dean. Honestly." She continued to laugh, but the drawn looks on their faces showed Hermione that the only one who thought her joke was funny was her.

"So you're not together?" Parvati regarded her with thinly-veiled suspicion. "If you haven't noticed, there's quite a lot of dissension amongst the students in regards to you this year. And it's hard not to wonder what you've done all Summer, especially since no one's seen you. And then you show up at the Ministry to . . . Well, to do what you did."

Dean cleared his throat and then shrugged. "We can't help how it appears, Hermione."

Hermione's eyes traveled between the two of them, taking in their serious looks. In the past, she knew they would have laughed with her. But now, they weren't even laughing at her. They really believed the rumors, even though they were positively absurd. And they hated her for it. Quite possibly, so did everyone else, judging by the fact that they'd opened their inquisition with, "some of us got together."

As Hermione stood there, racking her brain for some sort of answer to give them to plead a case that didn't even exist, she realized something. Something so glaring and so devastating that it put her all the way back to First Year, when Ron and Harry only spoke to her when they needed someone with the ability to read.

"You don't care what I do with Malfoy because you care about me," Hermione said slowly, gaining traction as the train left the tracks. She gritted her teeth. "You only care what I do with Malfoy because you've already decided that I'm a lost cause, and because you think being with him is the worst thing I could do. And the fact that you don't believe me when I tell you I'm not? Well, that shows me that you already thought low of me from the start."

Then, at the thoroughly cowed looks on Parvati and Dean's faces, Hermione knew she'd hit home.

"You all only find yourselves fond of me when I'm hurt or needed. When you find yourselves in need of a grammar editor, or - or an analysis of Hinkypunks for class, or even for fighting dark wizards, there I am." She held her hands wide for a second. "But when you think I've betrayed you, or betrayed some sort of like, nonexistent agreement that I never made, you decide I'm barmy and think the worst of me."

The three Eighth Year students stood there, in the kitchen, in silence. Parvati looked guilty, the corners of her lips pulled back in a small grimace and her eyes lowered. Dean appeared sheepish, his hand coming up to rub the back of his neck as he absorbed her words. Hermione felt like every vein in her body was thrumming with anger. She didn't quite know how to deal with what she'd said, nor the fact that she'd been correct in her assumption.

Their silence was proof enough.

"This past week, I thought it was odd that everyone found it more productive to talk about me where I could hear them, but never to say anything directly to me," Hermione said quietly, voice strained. "I was so sure that even if the younger students were too scared to approach me, knowing who I am and my role in the war, that one of my friends would. But no one has spoken to me, except perhaps Harry and Ron, but . . . But even they have been acting rather cold."

"Well," Parvati said, clearing his throat, "that's because no one's daft enough to approach someone that's been tainted by a Malfoy."

"And," Dean added quickly, as though she were worried Hermione would interrupt, "don't play so coy, Hermione. You're the brightest witch out of all of us: you know exactly why everyone's been avoiding you. You spoke at the trial of not just any Death Eater, but the Death Eater. Lucius Malfoy was a known follower of the Dark Lord from the very beginning, and he did horrible things. Awful things. Things that I'm sure you're not even aware of, since you weren't even here last year. It's because of those things that we all feel very betrayed by your decision."

"Enlighten me."

"What?" Parvati looked bemused.

"Enlighten me. What did he do?"

Dean and Parvati exchanged glances again, and then Parvati said, "We don't like to speak of it much, but . . . There were quite a few times where the Dark Lord and Lucius Malfoy were here, patrolling the corridors. There were many times that Muggle-born students were caught in the corridors and crucioed for the Dark Lord's amusement. Lucious did not deserve for you to speak for him, believe me you."

Hermione bit her lower lip. Knowing that Lucius had practiced sadism came as no shock to her. What did, however, was the fact that even with that knowledge, she still felt like she'd made the right decision. She didn't know how to articulate to anyone why she was so dead set on putting the past behind her. She didn't think she had to. Just because she was a war hero didn't mean she'd subscribed herself to a lifetime of explaining her every decision to everyone in the wizarding world.

Voldemort was dead. Couldn't they all just get the Hell along?

"And Draco Malfoy?" she asked, brow arched. "Narcissa Malfoy? Were they present for these atrocities? Did they participate?"

Parvati looked uncomfortable. "Well, sometimes. Not participation, but they were present."

"I can't lie," Dean said with a frown. "There were a few displays in the Great Hall that the Dark Lord forced us to watch that made Malfoy look visibly ill."

"But that doesn't excuse anything!" Parvati whirled on Hermione. "Just because Malfoy had a hard line he wouldn't cross, didn't mean he didn't walk the path to get to it. That entire family has done things that are unforgivable . . . Merlin, Hermione, he's got the Mark! So if you're perplexed or - or - or indignant about the fact that the entire school wants nothing to do with you this year, then you are being more than quite daft!"

Hermione felt an anger so ferocious rise up inside of her that it took every bit of strength that she possessed within her not to yell at them. She couldn't, though. Not when they weren't the only ones who operated under those assumptions and opinions.

"Tainted by Muggle blood," Hermione spat bitterly. "And now tainted by a Malfoy."

"We are your friends, Hermione," Parvati said, hugging herself. "We just don't understand what you've done. We don't understand you."

Hermione gazed down at the ground, lost in thought. She supposed that while thinking of snogging Malfoy had been humorous for a brief moment, it wasn't humorous to them because of who the Malfoys were. Hermione's perspective of the war was just that: her perspective. But when she'd chosen to help the Malfoys, she hadn't exactly taken into account what her friends' perspectives were. She hadn't thought about what they had seen while she was, likely in their opinion, gallivanting all over the countryside with the Chosen One.

And yet, something still didn't make sense to Hermione. Why wouldn't any of her fellow Eighth Year students approach her? Why wouldn't they just ask her, politely and amicably, why she'd chosen to help? Why were they happy to despise her from afar, distrust her, and watch her burn? If they thought Draco was such a bad person, why did they think it was better to let her be under his thrall than to try and help her?

She knew why, and she'd known why since the beginning of First Year.

Hermione was a curious girl. She loved expanding her mind with knowledge, drinking up books and scrolls and tomes with the same desperation of a man lost in the desert with no water. She absorbed everything with the insatiable need to know everything, not because she wanted to usurp everyone, but because she truly loved knowing things. She was compassionate, apparently to a fault, and she wanted to use her knowledge to help people. Her friends knew that. Everyone knew that. That was why they were content to punish her when both her knowledge and compassion combined and formed a desire to make a decision like speaking for Lucius Malfoy at his trial.

"Lucius Malfoy was a victim just as much as the rest of us," Hermione finally said, her voice strong and firm. "And his son, even more so. Anyone who came in contact with the Dark Lord and hated it, was a victim. There have been plenty of accounts throughout time of dark wizards manipulating witches and wizards who did not want it, and they did bad, inhumane things out of pure fear. Fear is the easiest thing to manipulate in a creature, and it's because of that reason that I spoke for him. The Malfoys had suffered enough. I couldn't watch them suffer a second more."

Before they could speak, Hermione held up a hand.

"Furthermore, it's become very, very clear to me that when I am myself - when I'm sharing facts that I've learned, or doing something compassionate for someone the world has marked evil or less than - none of you like me. And it's because of that, that I don't care what you or anyone else thinks I'm doing with my body. I'm not shagging Malfoy, but if I was . . ." Hermione lifted her nose the way she always did, and she could see Parvati and Dean withering. "Well, then you'd just have to accept that. I've never cared what anyone thought of me, and I'm certainly not going to start."

Her friends looked stricken.

"Now," she said, brushing her hair behind her ears, "if y'don't mind. I'd like to get to bed. I've tea with Professor McGonagall in the morning. Good night."

Hermione stormed from the kitchen, feeling simultaneously despaired and on top of the world. She'd finally tried to stand up for herself and had succeeded, even if it was only in front of two of the hundreds of thousands of people who didn't trust her. She'd come to realize the negative connotations of her function in everyone's lives, and now had the desire to become stronger for it. Hermione wanted everyone to look at her the way Parvati and Dean had. She wanted them to see her.

I matter, she thought firmly to herself. I matter, even when I'm being a know-it-all. Even when I'm helping a Malfoy. Even when I'm being myself.

Lost in her own mind, Hermione didn't look up in time to see the person coming towards her at a diagonal. He'd entered at some point, from the portrait by the looks of it, and had been headed for the kitchen area. She slammed face-first into his chest, her feet tangling themselves beneath her. As she lurched, she let out a small, surprised gasp. The gasp turned into a cry of pain when a set of hands grasped the elbows on her bruised arms to steady her.

"Do none of you bloody bints have eyes?" came from the newcomer at the same time that Hermione griped, "Can't you watch where you're going?"

The scent of spiced cologne filled her nostrils. It was Malfoy.

Hermione leaned back, reacting on instinct as her arms throbbed and pulsated. Even though she knew it hadn't been his fault, her brain decided it would be prudent to remind her that the bruises were caused by him, and the memory that assailed her senses overwhelmed her for a moment. She looked up into Malfoy's cold, grey eyes, and saw that his Occlumency was down, for just a second.

He looked angry, but at whom?

"Granger," he greeted, and it came out as a growl as his expression closed up again. "I know you've got two left feet, but try to lift those large teeth up from the ground from time to time, yeah? So you don't trip." Then, his eyes slid to Parvati and Dean, and his hands fell from Hermione's elbows. "And if you're going to talk about my father, do try to get it right. He was a nightmare when I was a child, but Voldemort changed him in ways you would never understand. He had his flaws, but picking them apart simply isn't your job. You couldn't possibly know what it was like to host that serpent in the walls of your own home."

There was a pause, and then he looked down at Hermione.

"As for you, swot," he hissed. "Don't for a moment deign to think that your ability to speak good of him before the Wizengamot means that you know anything. My father is a complicated man, but he's not yours to analyze. I know it must be terribly difficult to keep your nose out of things that don't concern you, but at least attempt to keep your wits about you when you've got my father's name in your mouth."

Hermione opened her mouth to retort, and then glanced behind her at Parvati and Dean. If she didn't do something to stand up for herself, word was going to spread to fuel the foolish, absurd rumors everyone was already feeding one another. She turned back to Malfoy, slipping her hand into the back pocket of the trousers she'd changed into after her nap. She grabbed her wand and brandished it. She pointed it up, directly at Malfoy's throat.

Unlike their younger years, when the mere flick of her wrist sent Malfoy into a panic, he didn't flinch, and his eyes didn't flicker to look at it. He merely stared at her with that same burning intensity. The one that made her feel like a bug on a needle. It was even more infuriating because she couldn't read it.

"Malfoy," she stated resolutely. "I'm not sure if you've heard, but Professor Slughorn has cleared you of guilt for what happened in Potions. But if you ever, ever lay your hands on me again . . . ?"

He remained impassive as she took a step closer, the tip of her wand digging into his throat. She was reminded of the moment in Third Year, when she'd pulled her wand on him, and he'd whimpered like a little brat. It unsettled her that now, he stood there unmoving, as though he knew he could snap it in half with his bare hands.

"If you ever lay your hands on me like that again, I'll show you exactly why Harry and Ron needed me to help them defeat Voldemort."

And then she pushed past him, heading up the girls' dorm stairs without so much as a glance over her shoulder. She felt strength pulsating throughout her body, but deep down underneath it, a sickly feeling in her gut. Standing up to Malfoy was one thing. Even to her acquaintances, like Parvati and Dean. But her best friends, Harry and Ron?

She was going to have to think about that one.



 

Invisible


Strawberry Days by YounHa, Part II by Paramore, Gold Lion by Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and Blood Wolf by Dance Gavin Dance

Hermione POV

The Hogwarts corridors were usually empty early in the morning, and Hermione was glad for that as she made her way down to Professor McGonagall's office. All of the students were still in their dorms, likely still asleep, and breakfast was an hour away. That meant that none of the younger students - the ones who liked to harass her - were wandering about. She kept her wand at the ready nonetheless, finding that it made her feel more comfortable with it against her palm.

Her bruises were in the process of fading. She knew she could have gone to the Infirmary, but Hermione had grown so accustomed to being bruised and banged up during the war that she had a tendency to let things heal naturally because she didn't notice the pain. It seemed to be a waste of time to divert herself from her studies just to handle a little bruising. It wasn't like it was the worst pain she'd ever experienced. Anyway, she didn't want to forget about the way Malfoy had treated her, his fault or not. It helped remind her to keep her wand out.

McGonagall hadn't chosen to take over Dumbledore's office, and instead she'd chosen to keep her previous office near the Transfiguration classroom. Hermione understood, knowing how grief could keep a person from disturbing what your loved one left behind. Hermione refused to go to her childhood home, even though she knew her parents had left everything behind untouched, and she supposed that was why McGonagall left Dumbledore's office exactly the way he'd left it.

Hermione felt a bit excited to be having tea with someone that she'd grown to think of as a friend, even though she technically held a position of authority over her. McGonagall had always been obvious about her soft spot for her, Harry, and Ron, and while Hermione preferred to achieve her merits through hard work, it was nice knowing she could at least count on McGonagall for anything she might need. McGonagall was like a piece of her past, a reminder of everything she'd been through and accomplished, and having tea with her was going to remain at the top of her list of things to look forward to every month this year.

She stood before the tall, heavy wooden door, rapping her knuckles against it thrice. It creaked open, revealing Professor McGonagall with her familiar wide-brimmed hat and slate blue robes. She peered amiably at her over the top of her glasses, her lips curving into a warm smile.

"Good morning, Miss Granger," she said, and then she embraced her.

"Hello, Professor McGonagall," Hermione said brightly, beaming as though the sun were shining from within her. Standing with her mentor, she felt like all of the troubles of the past two weeks were miniscule, rather than the gargantuan mountains she felt like they originally were.

McGonagall led her to the two high-backed armchairs near the fireplace, using her wand to start a roaring fire. She gestured for Hermione to sit, and then she followed suit. A wooden tray set with two china cups, a sugar bowl, tiny spoons, and a beautiful porcelain teapot floated over from a table at the side of the room.

"Sugar for your tea, dear?" McGonagall asked, wand in hand.

"Two, please," Hermione said. Then, she grinned. "Actually, make it three."

McGonagall gave her a small smile and a look, as though they were sharing a secret, and then waved her wand. Her magic set to work preparing their tea, and when the warm cups were set in-between each of their hands, they settled back against the cushioned chairs.

"Delicious, thank you," Hermione gushed. "I always have loved rosehip tea."

"Is that so?" McGonagall brought her cup to her lips and it clattered softly when she set it back onto the china plate. "Yes, it is quite aromatic. I prefer hibiscus, myself, but Professor Burbidge recommended this particular flavor just last evening."

"Send my gratitude to the Professor." Hermione smiled against the rim of her cup. She took a sip, allowing the warm liquid to settle into her bones and soothe her spirit. "I'm so glad to see you, Professor McGonagall."

"Minerva, dear. We're at tea." Her hand reached out across the small space and Hermione grasped it, finding comfort in the paper-thin skin. The elderly woman gave a soft squeeze. "Tell me, how are you doing so far this term?"

"Oh, wonderful, Minerva," Hermione said. Then, she paused. This was Professor McGonagall. She didn't need to put on airs around her. "Well . . . I suppose that's a lie. I have been struggling, especially with the decision I made for the Malfoys. I'm sure you read in the papers . . ."

"Yes, I did," Minerva sighed. She shot Hermione a sympathetic, almost motherly look. "I know it must be very difficult. What were your reasons?"

Hermione replied, "I was tired of all the suffering and sadness. I've never told anyone this, but . . . There was an incident at the Malfoy Manor. Involving Bellatrix Lestrange, the Malfoy family, and I. Harry and Ron were there, but they weren't there."

McGonagall set her tea onto the plate, looking curious and worried. "What happened?"

Hermione closed her eyes before opening them and gazing into the fire. She hadn't attempted to discuss the incident aloud, save for passing comments and allegories. She dreamt of it often, sometimes multiple nights in a row, and it was a major source of insecurity and terror for her. She didn't even want to delve too deeply for fear of a flashback. Just alluding to it during her tense interactions with Malfoy had been overwhelming, and she was fortunate that she hadn't devolved into some sort of panicking fit. As it was, her fingers had begun to tremble with the phantoms of cruciatus pain.

"Bellatrix used an Unforgivable on me," Hermione explained. "And the Malfoys were unwillingly there. When I looked over at them, they couldn't even look at me. Even Lucius. It was then that I realized that they were victims, just like me."

Minerva sipped from her teacup, also looking into the fire. It was the perfect amount of warmth for the chilly September morning, what with the drafty castle feeling much colder than normal at this hour.

"I understand your decision, Hermione. I think that, were I given the chance, I would have done the same for Severus."

Hermione looked over at her sharply. She didn't think about Snape much, but she did know the truth behind his choices in the war. He was a double agent, a spy hiding in plain sight. Snape had sacrificed everything to fulfill Dumbledore's wishes, all because of his love for Lily Potter. Everything to protect Harry. It was still a bit hard to adjust to, but Snape had been a friend to the professors at the school and the members of the Order of the Phoenix. It was only natural for McGonagall to have experienced grief at Snape's passing.

"I wish that the rest of the wizarding world agreed with you," Hermione said eventually. "I feel like I'm getting lonelier. It's been . . . Difficult . . . Coping with the consequences of my choice."

"Do you regret it?"

Hermione held the handle of her teacup, thinking for a moment. She'd gone back and forth a couple of times, but overall, she knew she'd done the right thing. Selflessness was always the better path to take.

"I don't, honestly," Hermione answered, "even though all of my friends are cross with me."

"Don't worry," Minerva said, offering her a kindhearted curve of her mouth. "You are young, but you are very bright. Not to say your peers aren't, but you, my dear, are quite wise for your age. I believe that you did the right thing. In regards to the Malfoy family, while I do not agree with their former views against Muggle-borns and the poor decisions they made during the war, I think it's time to leave everything in the past."

"Two of my friends confronted me last night," Hermione told her. "I tried to explain my reasons, but I'm quite sure that it made everything worse. I'm worried what Harry and Ron will think when they hear about it. Also, did Lucius Malfoy use Unforgivables on Muggle-born students?"

Minerva's mouth pressed into a thin line. Hermione could tell that it was a sore subject.

"Sadly, yes," she answered in a clipped tone. "Lucius Malfoy did deserve prison. But I agree with you - the suffering needed to end. I have known Narcissa Malfoy for years, and she is not dark, she's just resourceful. She is a Slytherin, and that means that she puts self-preservation above all else when in stressful situations. She did what she could to save her son. Therefore I can deduce, while Lucius's methods were inhumane and wrong, he was only doing the same. And Draco Malfoy was pulled along completely against his will, that much is true."

"Even I can admit that Draco Malfoy didn't seem like he wanted to choose to follow Voldemort," Hermione said. "I can say that with confidence."

"Have you spoken with him?"

"No," she said, and then she blushed slightly. She felt a bit ashamed to say her next words, and she gulped her tea down. "I . . . I kept my eye on him during Sixth Year. And that night, at the Manor, with Bellatrix . . . I looked at him and saw. He wasn't there because he wanted to be. And then after Voldemort called him over, after they thought they'd killed Harry, do you remember? He hesitated before he crossed the distance. It was then that I realized the truth."

"What is that?'

"There's no way that anyone who willingly followed Voldemort has the ability to love. Voldemort was pure darkness and despair. The Malfoys . . . They are complicated, but they love each other. When Voldemort lost, I watched the Malfoys flee out of fear. But it wasn't fear of punishment, I think. I think they were scared of losing one another. Harry told me that Dumbledore once told him that his mother's love was so powerful that it simply had to leave a piece of her behind in him. Narcissa is Draco's mother. She must love Draco. They're not monsters; they must love each other."

Minerva nodded and then propped her chin in her palm, elbow on the arm of the chair. "And so you chose to speak for him at his trial. Hermione, that is quite honorable. And even though your friends and others cannot see it, it was a very Gryffindor decision for you to make. Not only was it incredibly compassionate, but it was brave, and I think that in time, everyone will come to realize that. And if they do not, well then they are going to be missing a very, very bright light in their lives."

Hermione stared into the fire, mulling over Minerva's words. Now that she thought about it, her decision to help Lucius was akin to watching a murderer's execution at a Muggle prison. There were people in America who attended executions to offer support to the accused criminals, and it was a very large source of controversy for Muggles.

But Hermione had never been a completely cold person in any situation. She'd always been able to have compassion in some form, or at the very least, understanding. She understood why Lucius had done what he did, and while she didn't agree with it, everyone deserved some form of forgiveness. Even though Harry, Ron, and the rest of the wizarding world wanted nothing more than to watch the entire Malfoy family burn, Hermione didn't want anyone to burn.

And Merlin, it wasn't like she'd attempted to get his crimes erased. She'd only wanted to ensure he received fair treatment and sentencing.

"Do you hate him? Voldemort?" Hermione asked.

Minerva gazed into the fire for a long moment. "I am much too old to harbor hatred for the past, Hermione. I forgave the Dark Lord for myself and my heart, but not for him. In order to heal, we must all forgive and move on."

Hermione nodded and then drank the rest of her tea. She thought back to the previous day, to how she still hadn't been able to get Harry into a place where she could discuss her parents with him, and then a lightbulb went off above her head.

"Minerva, I wonder if you would mind discussing something with me?"

"Of course, dear. Anything."

"It's about my parents," Hermione said, and then she set her empty teacup and plate onto the floating wooden tray. "I'm not handling it as well as I wish could."

"Oh, my goodness," Minerva said, looking concerned. Hermione had already spoken to her about her parents via the post that Summer, so she knew the lengths Hermione had gone through to protect her family. "Have you talked to them?"

"I haven't," Hermione said, sounding sad. "I was going to call them and pretend to be someone else, just to hear their voices, but I was too frightened. Too . . . Sad."

Minerva reached across the space for her hand again, and Hermione gripped it with both hands to anchor herself against the tide of emotions that were threatening to spill out of her. "I'm sure you've already considered it, but St. Mungo's does have an excellent Memory Magic department."

"I've thought about it, and researched it, too." Hermione looked down. "But memory magic is unreliable. My best bet is to go the potions route."

Minerva nodded while Hermione launched into a detailed explanation of the herbal potions she'd researched, the things she'd learned about the potential benefits, and the concerns she had. She told her about her plan to try her hand at potion designing after graduation, and then she told her her worst fear.

"And I can't help but worry that the worst thing to happen won't be that they never remember me, but that I will have to grieve them," Hermione said quietly, her eyes blurring. Minerva's soft hand in her own was the only thing holding her steady in her chair.

"Please don't cry, dear," Minerva said, patting Hermione's cheek. "Everything will turn out alright. Even with Obliviation, love cannot be erased, so I know they remember you in their hearts. I think you designing memory restoring potions is a fine idea, and I have seen your marks all these years. You would be excellent. I dare say you might be the one to solve the problems and side effects that arise from Obliviation, Legilimency, and possibly even Occlumency."

Hermione tilted her head. "Occlumency possesses side effects?"

"Oh, yes," Minerva said, eyes wide. "Quite serious effects. There have been many accounts of witches and wizards locking themselves away in their own minds from leaning too heavily on their Occlumency, and equally as many accounts of the Occlumency removing all control of their emotions. That is precisely why I wanted to speak to you about what happened with Draco Malfoy."

Hermione stifled a gasp. "He's an Occlumens?!"

"A very skilled one, at that." Minerva picked her wand up from her lap and waved it. The teapot began to refill their teacups. "That's why -"

Hermione's mind began to race and panic filled her, causing her to interrupt Minerva. "So . . . It may not have been the Lividia's fault at all?"

Minerva pulled a wan smile. "Unfortunately. I haven't spoken to him, but I do worry for his time under the Dark Lord's reign. I know for a fact that Tom Riddle was a very apt Legilimens. Therefore, I am certain that Mr. Malfoy has grown accustomed to leaning heavily upon his Occlumency. The Lividia may have played a role, yes, but I am quite concerned that it may have simply enhanced issues that were already underlying."

Hermione stared at the fire. She felt like her brain was on fire, screaming at her to dash to the Library and start reading, rather than go to breakfast. Occlumency and Legilimency were fascinating subjects that Hermione had studied quite thoroughly during Fifth Year, but she'd never read about any side effects. And knowing that Malfoy was an Occlumens was like providing her a test subject on a platter to study from afar. She wanted to dive deeper, even though she had no intention of speaking to Malfoy ever again if she could help it.

"Hermione," Minerva said, and the serious tone in her voice drew Hermione's gaze. "While I am unsure of the truth behind Mr. Malfoy's outburst, I want you to keep your wand in hand at all times. I have heard from quite a few of your Professor's that you have been using wandless magic more often than necessary, and that they hardly ever see you use your wand. It's quite dangerous for a witch to wander around without her wand, especially with the difficult time you've been going through. Do you understand?"

Hermione nodded in wide-eyed shock. She felt daft. She'd been so preoccupied with the rough start to her Eighth Year that she hadn't been thinking clearly. Her Summer had passed so quietly in the Muggle town she'd bought her home near, and she rarely had to use her wand unless she was at home. Even then, since she was so proficient at wandless magic, it seemed silly to carry her wand around from room to room in the safety of her cottage. She'd thought that once Voldemort was gone, everything was safe, but she was starting to see that sometimes, danger didn't come in the form of serpentine dark wizards.

At first, an image of Malfoy's smoldering silver eyes popped into her mind, but in the next second, the vision changed. It swirled and morphed into the towering, burly form of Vincent Crabbe. Hermione realized then that while Malfoy infuriated her, Crabbe made a very deep, visceral feeling of terror creep through her veins.

"Not all monsters are obvious," Minerva said in a grave voice. "Some lurk in your own home, on the streets around, or even in this very school. Keep your wand in hand, and be ever vigilant, Hermione. There's not a creature on Earth that can hold a candle to Hermione Granger with her wand. Shall we adjourn to breakfast?"

"Yes," Hermione said, and the two of them set their teacups on the floating tray for the final time.

"Now, would you like for me to speak to Mr. Malfoy about the incident?" A mischievous light danced about Minerva's eyes.

Hermione smoothed out the front of her robes as she stood. She thought for a moment, remembering how she stood up to him in the common room, and then grinned.

"Minerva," she said, "I dare say I've got it sorted."

After breakfast, Hermione was in such high spirits that she practically skipped down the hallway. She stopped herself before she did so, blushing and reminding herself that she was eighteen years old. She felt loads better since speaking with Minerva, and she already couldn't wait for their teatime appointment next month.

She was sad that she hadn't been able to talk to Harry about it, but at breakfast, things had seemed so oddly normal that she'd been able to forgive him quickly. She didn't know if it was her argument with Dean and Parvati, or her standing up to Malfoy, but her fellow Eighth Years were including her a bit more in their conversations. She could tell they were being cautious, but that they were trying. The younger students still sent her nasty looks, but Hermione didn't much care.

Perhaps that was why she hardly flinched when her pathway to her Charms class was blocked by a group of five Seventh Years.

"Pardon me," she said, frowning, "I have class."

The Seventh Years just stared at her, and then one of them stepped forward. It was a tall Ravenclaw girl with short crimson hair and a smirk that rivaled a Slytherin's. She wasn't too much taller than Hermione, but it was clear to see that she was attempting to use their minute height difference to crowd Hermione.

"You shouldn't be here, traitor," the girl sneered.

Hermione gripped her wand tightly in her hand and narrowed her eyes at the girl. This wasn't the first time she'd had an encounter like this one. She lifted her chin in defiance.

"I've got just as much right to be here as any of you," she snapped. "Now, move."

"Why should we all stand by and let someone like you walk the corridors of Albus Dumbledore's school?" the girl spat.

"Because I helped defeat Voldemort. That's why. Now, step aside!"

At the sound of Voldemort's name, the Ravenclaw girl flinched. Then, disgust pulled her lips up over her teeth.

"I'm not surprised you feel comfortable enough to use You-Know-Who's name," she said icily, one hand on her hip. "Did you shag him, too?"

A group of students swelled by, some stopping to eye the situation, and soon a crowd had appeared. Hermione recognized a few Eighth Years, but the majority of the spectators were from the lower grades. Nearly all of them were leering at her, waiting to see the Ravenclaw girl put Hermione in a place she had no desire to be in, and it made Hermione glad that she had listened to Minerva and kept her wand in hand.

There was no one to call upon for help, and no friendly faces in the assembled crowd. Harry and Ron weren't even in the castle, their first class period being an open period that they usually devoted to practicing Quidditch. She was on her own.

"I have no idea who you are," Hermione said. "I have no idea how you have any correct knowledge of me to make such an assumption. Step. Aside."

The girl, who Hermione intended to discover the name of before the end of the day, took a threatening step toward her. "You prance around like the pinnacle of heroism, yet you leapt forward to help the enemy the first chance you got. Lucius Malfoy killed my mother. He killed her in service of the Dark Lord, and you helped him. I ought to duel you, you disgusting wretch!"

Hermione was first to the draw, standing with her head high and feet shoulder-width apart. She pointed her wand at her assailant, straight as an arrow, and smirked when she saw several of the spectators in the crowd jump back a few feet.

"Since you know me so well," Hermione said, her wand nearly touching the tip of the girl's, "you should know what I am capable of. Locomotor wibbly!"

The girl screeched as her legs crumpled beneath her and she fell to the stone floor. But, to Hermione's surprise, she was fast. The Ravenclaw's wand lashed out towards her.

"Flipendo!"

Hermione cried out as an unseen force bowled her over. Gasps arose from the crowd of onlookers, and Hermione found that she didn't care who was watching, nor did she care about Hogwarts' rules against dueling in the halls. She scrambled to her feet, whipping her wand in a small circle.

"Relashio!" she screamed, grinning in triumph as no matter how hard the redhead tried, she couldn't keep her grip on her wand.

The wooden stick clattered to the ground, and Hermione danced forward, leaning down to snatch it up. Behind her, she heard additional voices joining the crowd, and knew that word had spread quick enough for more students to come and dash to see the spectacle. She paid them no mind. It was only a matter of time before the word spread to a professor, but by then, Hermione planned to be in class.

"Bitch," the redhead said, her limp hands hanging at her sides.

"I think I'll be taking your wand with me to Professor Flitwick," Hermione said in a pragmatic way, gripping her own wand in one hand and the girl's in the other. "I won't ask you to move again. I've got class, and I'm sure you do, too."

Her opponent's face split into a wide, wicked grin.

"Oh, look! Your boyfriend's here. Let's get you ready."

Suddenly, before Hermione had a chance to think or even react to her words, she felt another force of wind against her body. Her mind barely registered the girl's use of an objectively impressive wandless jinx before she felt the drafty air of the castle hitting every part of her body. Her very naked body. In the next moment, raucous laughter had soared up to the ceiling, and Hermione realized that she was stark naked in the center of the circle.

Utter panic and sheer horror reigned supreme in her mind and all she could do was gasp. She wrapped an arm around the front of her chest and held another over the apex of her thighs, and her entire mind went blank. She was trembling all over, her mind begging her to make sure no one saw the scar etched into her forearm, her body struggling for breath. There were hardly enough words in the dictionary to explain how mortified she felt.

Around her, the laughter kept on, and Hermione fell to her knees in the center of the floor. How did a random Seventh year have the skill of such effortless wandless magic? Hermione hadn't even known there was a wandless jinx for vanishing clothing. She hadn't thought for a second that someone could think to do something so cruel. She hugged her arms over her chest, thankful for her long mane of curls helping to shield her, and she stared around at the crowd in her anxiety.

Hermione had fought the world's most powerful dark wizard, won, and come back to school to be treated like this?

The people in the crowd started to back away towards the walls, their eyes looking wild with terror. Hermione had cast her eyes to the floor, her breaths coming in choking gasps. Now, she lifted her eyes from the stone.

Malfoy stood there, already shrugging out of his robes. Hermione, had she been calm, would have been astonished to see him do it. As the robes came off, he revealed himself to be wearing black trousers and a white button-up shirt with long sleeves, and he knelt down. He didn't look Hermione in the eyes as he draped the heavy black fabric over her body, but his gaze scraped along her faded yellow bruises as he did so. The skin above his eyebrows furrowed for the briefest of moments, and then the expression was gone.

She was sure it meant something, but Hermione was too traumatized to think about it.

Malfoy stood and faced the girl who had cast the wandless spell. Hermione hurried to slip her arms into the sleeves of the robes and button herself up.

"The lot of you are awfully bold," Malfoy said, and Hermione watched as he casually unbuttoned the cuffs of his sleeves. He watched himself roll his sleeves up, as though he were unbothered by the fact that everyone was staring at him. "If I were you, and I thought a bird was shagging someone like me, I wouldn't be accosting her in the hallways. Tell me. Do you think it's wise to tangle with dragons, or are you all just stupid?"

More than a few breaths were sucked into multiple sets of lungs as Malfoy's Dark Mark came into view. It didn't take long after that. The students began to scatter, anxiously whispering amongst each other. Even the redhead left with her lackeys, the group of girls dashing off down the hallways like dogs with their tails between their legs.

Hermione stood up, her legs wobbling a bit from the force of her nerves, and kept her eyes lowered as she faced Malfoy. She didn't know why he'd helped her, but she supposed it had everything to do with his Pureblood upbringing, and nothing to do with actually caring what happened to her. She knew the robes and the words didn't mean anything. In addition, she knew this was only going to cause issue amongst her friends, who'd barely begun to consider warming up to her. But she had no desire to start complaining. If it weren't for Malfoy, she would have been stuck there, naked and exposed, for an unknown amount of time.

Remembering it filled her with shame and embarrassment and she lowered her eyes again. She mentally pinched herself, willing herself not to cry in front of the last person she ever wanted to show her tears to.

"Thank you," she said in a murmur, as if there were people around who could hear it.

He didn't look at her. Instead, he began rolling his sleeves back down. "Her name is Azalea Chirithy. Give me her wand; I will make sure a Professor is told."

Hermione stared at him, unable to stop her hand from trembling as she passed the wand over to him. He reached out to the side and took it quite forcibly, nearly snatching it away from her. He remained faced forward down the hallway.

"She said your . . . Your father killed her mother," Hermione said quietly in the now-empty hall. Malfoy's robes were much too big for her, almost pooling on the floor as she fastened them. They dwarfed her much smaller frame, but she couldn't deny that it felt much better to wear oversized clothing than nothing at all. They felt warm and safe.

They smelled quite good, for that matter. Exactly like the spiced cologne he wore. He might not be her favorite person, but she wasn't going to pretend like he didn't smell heavenly. And standing there before her, his hair falling into his eyes as he continued his trend of forgoing hair gel, she was once again reminded of how attractive he'd grown over the years.

Hermione blanched and shook the thoughts from her head. She was being over-emotional, and she knew it was likely because he'd helped her in a dire moment. She wondered if he'd done it because he was a Pureblood gentleman, because of what she'd done to help his father, or for some other reason.

"Keep the robes," he said shortly, not responding to her comment, and then Hermione saw his eyes dart over to look at her. He looked away before she caught them. "You can return them to me in the common room."

Hermione watched him walk away, her emotions mixing together in a tornado of confusion. In the past, Malfoy would have been the one to cast a jinx on her. Perhaps not one so foul, but he had hexed her teeth in their Fifth Year. Now here they were, eighteen and in Year Eight, existing on the other side of a war they never should have been forced to be a part of. He hadn't needed to help her, but he'd chosen to. That meant something.

That meant something.

Word about the duel in the halls had spread like wildfire, including Hermione's surprise nudity and Malfoy's threatening show of his Dark Mark, and it felt like whatever small progress she'd made with her friends had dissipated. Everyone was staring at her, obviously thinking it was suspicious that Malfoy had helped her. Hermione thought it was ridiculous that everyone seemed more worried about the fact that she might actually be dating Malfoy than they were about the fact that she'd been forced into being nude in front of close to thirty people.

Harry and Ron had, at least, cared more about her well being than what happened. They'd been quite supportive at lunch, which Malfoy was suspiciously not present for, spending the entire mealtime making sure she knew that they were going to protect her. While she appreciated it, it felt like empty promises. They promised their protection after the encounters with Crabbe and after the incident with Malfoy, yet she'd been accosted again, and they'd been unable to help.

She wished they understood that they couldn't just make promises they couldn't keep, and then go back to hanging out with their other friends. As it was, they spent their evenings with different groups of people, sometimes Eighth Years, sometimes Seventh Years. They seemed to enjoy getting sozzled and playing games in the common room with fellow Year Eight students and while they hadn't disinvited her to their games, she felt out of place amongst them. Still, she let them fuss and showboat at lunch because it was one of the few times they'd spoken to her that month without their eyes glazing over with barely-concealed boredom.

They weren't fond of the Malfoy variable, either. They seemed to be grateful to Merlin for him stepping in to help, but they didn't understand why his robes were still on her body. She dismissed it, claiming that she hadn't had time yet, but they still weren't convinced. Harry offered to give her his robes and Ron suggested sending Luna to grab Hermione's from her dorm room, but Hermione had waved them off and told them to stop worrying about it. They'd looked at her strangely, but at a stern look from her and a subject change from the ever-astute Luna, they finally chose to drop it.

Hermione knew she could have gone back to her dorm to change out of Malfoy's robes and into her own, but every time she considered it, she found some excuse not to. The common room was across the school, or there would be no time to go back and make it to lunch on time, or she wanted to get to lunch early so she could get to the bread rolls before everyone else did. But she knew deep down that even if she didn't know why, she was keeping those robes on purpose. Whether it was because they smelled good or because they felt safe, she didn't know. She just knew Malfoy was probably not getting them back on his schedule.

Okay, maybe she did know why she wasn't changing out of them. She was a teenage girl, after all.

Advanced Potions went by with as much awkwardness as Hermione thought it would. Malfoy's robes were simply much too large, the sleeves coming down to completely cover her hands and half of her wand. She looked absurd when she lifted her 10  inch wand, only about 4 inches of it poking out of the hem of the sleeve. Blaise Zabini told her so from across the room, too, laughing while he said she looked like a four-year-old witch playing dress-up. Next to him, Hermione had caught sight of the smallest flicker of amusement twitching across Malfoy's face, but he kept his eyes on the parchment in front of him so she couldn't be sure. Slughorn, as oblivious as always, didn't say anything to reprimand Blaise.

Hermione nearly tripped during the practice portion of class, not remembering that the bottom of the fabric covered her toes. She'd been on her way to grab a cauldron for her Lesser Veritaserum potion, and the next thing she knew, she was sprawled out on the floor on her face. Harry rushed to help her up, saying he would get her cauldron for her, but by the time they were both on their feet, a cauldron was already at her table.

For a second, Hermione had wondered if Malfoy had retrieved it and put it there, but the thought was so barmy that she laughed at herself. But then when she saw that the book called for centipede again, she'd noticed that there was already a tray of neatly sliced sections beside the cauldron. That almost assuredly meant that Malfoy had. She glanced behind her then, where he was seated two tables back next to Blaise, but he didn't look at her. He was smiling, saying something that had Blaise chuckling.

Hermione thought he looked quite approachable when he smiled.

She wasn't quite sure what to think of it, the fact that Draco had helped her multiple times that day. First, the robes. Then, the cauldron. Now, the centipede sections? She worried her lower lip between her teeth, her mind whirling. Was it something she said? She'd made it pretty clear the night before with her wand pointed at his throat that she wasn't to be trifled with. Had her reminding him of her role in Voldemort's defeat somehow made him hate her less? Or did he have some sort of secret, sinister motive?

The height of the class, Hermione would say, was probably when Slughorn asked her to come to the front of the room and demonstrate her potion's effects on her partner, Harry. She looked so absolutely bloody ludicrous, standing there with a set of robes that were much too big for her body, hair a frizzy mess from the heat of the cauldrons, that she felt humiliated. She was acting like Romilda Vane, boy crazy and making strange decisions. Merlin's sake, she was buck-naked under the robes! Why was she acting so silly?

Her classmates exchanged amused glances as she struggled to push the sleeves back enough to pick their vial up from the ones Slughorn had collected. She blushed bright red, gaze feinting surreptitiously to Malfoy, and she was so startled to see him smirking that she dropped her potion all over the floor. Blaise was laughing so hard that tears were streaming down his face, his head falling backward as he held his stomach with one hand and smacked Draco repeatedly against the chest with the other. Malfoy just continued to smirk, turning his face to look at Blaise as though he were trying to hide it, his fingers drumming the tabletop in front of him.

Slughorn gave them full marks for effort and procedure during brewing, but advised Hermione to get a new set of robes.

The most interesting part of Advanced Potions, however, was when Blaise and Malfoy headed to the front to demonstrate their potion.

Blaise plucked their vial from the holster on Slughorn's desk, and turned to throw Hermione a smile so Slytherin that she knew something bad was coming. She went rigid in her seat, exchanging bemused glances with Harry and Ron across the aisle between tables. It felt like the room was humming with electrically-charged energy as they all waited to see what possible truth Draco Malfoy would be forced to admit. Lesser Veritaserum was a much less potent form of its parent potion, and the only form authorized for use in class at Hogwarts by students. He wouldn't be completely unaware of his faculties, but whatever question was asked, he would probably have a difficult time not answering.

But Hermione was most interested in the fact that Malfoy was an Occlumens. She'd read before that a witch or wizard could successfully resist the effects of Veritaserum by using the fascinating ability if their skill level was high enough. She wondered if Malfoy would use it, and wanted to know if she could see it in his eyes when he did. Since Lesser Veritaserum was a less potent form, she predicted it might be simple for him to do so. She narrowed her eyes from her seat, peering closely at his face while he was distracted by Blaise.

One hand in the pocket of his trousers, Malfoy took the vial from his fellow Slytherin and tipped the silvery potion down his throat. His face retained it's "I'm-so-bleedin'-bored" look, and he slipped his free hand into the other pocket.

"I don't feel anything," he said. His eyes swept the room, passing over Hermione and pausing for a second.

Hermione flushed, realizing she must look so strange, hands and overlong sleeves splayed out on the table, eyes practically twitching from how much she was squinting.

Slughorn waved an arm. "Ask Mr. Malfoy one question, Mr. Zabini."

"Certainly," Blaise said, and it sounded like a demon speaking. He stopped to cover his mouth and laugh for a second. "Drakey, d'you think Granger's fit?"

The look of rage that passed across Malfoy's face was enough to make several students shift in their seats. Harry nearly fell off of his, and Ron scowled so loudly that Hermione could hear it from her spot. Her cheeks had gone so red that she nearly needed to fan herself to cool off.

Why the Hell would Blaise ask a question like that?

Malfoy opened his mouth and then forced it closed, his eyes blazing and open in their anger as they fixed firmly on his amused mate. Hermione watched closely, looking for any sign of Occlumency. His hands balled into fists at his sides and he was clenching his teeth so hard that Hermione could see his jaw clicking. Everyone watched in heavy silence as Malfoy struggled for a moment and then staggered to the side, gripping the edge of Slughorn's desk for support. Professor Slughorn started towards him, looking concerned. Malfoy hung his head for a second, the heel of his palm pressed against his forehead between his eyebrows.

"What's he playin' at?" Ron was on his feet, getting belligerent. He glared at the students around him, as though they knew more than he did. "What the fuck's Zabini playin' at?!"

Slughorn looked lost and overwhelmed, as he usually did when stressful things occurred in front of him.

Much to Hermione's fascination, she could actually witness when Malfoy's Occlumency failed. It was like a curtain behind his eyes snapped open and Hermione could see deeper into his mind that she'd ever thought possible. Blaise continued to laugh as Malfoy gasped and looked directly at Hermione.

"Yes." His admission burst forth as a growl.

Without really giving it a second thought, Hermione whispered under her breath, "Legilimens," and his eyes went from dark grey to a bright, shimmering silver. She was by no means skilled at it, but she sunk into the forefront of his mind nonetheless.

There were so many memories floating around, spilling all over like he'd forgotten to put them away, their compartments thrown open haphazardly. Hermione didn't know what to do, as she'd never used Legilimency before, but she just had to know why he'd helped her.

She caught a glimpse of her hair pulled up into a bun in class, the curve of her throat viewed from behind . . . An image of her eating at dinner in silence while her friends were rowdy and peppy around her, her yearning eyes lingering on their interactions . . . A playback of her in the common room the night before, her wand pointed directly at him . . .

Why is he watching me so often?

. . . Her frail body sprawled out on the Manor floor, Bellatrix above her, her face contorted in agony . . .

Suddenly, she felt an icy cold hand on the back of her mind, and Malfoy's Occlumency walls thundered back up. She was shoved out with ease, batted aside like a little bowtruckle, and she came slamming back into her body with a guilt so strong she could hardly stand it. Legilimency was invasive and absolutely needed consent. What was she thinking? What had come over her?

Blaise was still laughing, Ron and Harry were gaping, the students in the classroom were all whispering in incredulity, and Malfoy was already back in his seat behind her.

"Yes, well . . ." Slughorn coughed. "Full marks. Next up is Ronald Wenby and Lorena Matheson . . ."

"It's Weasley," Ron muttered, casting Hermione a withering look and then heading to the front.

Harry was staring directly behind himself, at Malfoy, and when she glanced over at her friend, she felt like he was going to start casting. Hermione was so embarrassed and astonished at what had happened that she wanted to run out of the room.

She probably would have, if Malfoy's robes weren't so long.

Hermione avoided Malfoy for the next three days straight, and she definitely didn't give him his robes back.

He's got plenty of galleons, she thought every day with an almost manic fervor. He'll be alright. He's probably got so many robes that these ones mean nothing.

She folded them neatly and set them into the very bottom drawer of her wardrobe every morning as she tried again and again to gain the courage to give them back. Eventually, she left the drawer open so Pakatugg could make a little nest out of the robes. Perhaps she was using it as an excuse not to have to be in front of Malfoy again, but in her mind, it would simply be impossible for her to return them when her familiar was sleeping on top of them.

"Good morning, Hermione." Luna beamed up at her as Hermione came to sit beside her. Even though everyone else had gone back to avoiding her like the plague, Luna hadn't faltered in her desire to be friends with Hermione. She was grateful for that, and she felt terrible about being so judgmental of her this term.

"Good morning, Luna," Hermione said, loading her plate with food. "Did you sleep well?"

"Oh, I certainly would have," Luna said in a wistful tone as she spread butter thinly on her bread. "If it weren't for the Merrywillows in my hair."

"Merrywillows?"

"Dream-eaters," she explained, and then took a bite of her toast. "They're faeries who come to you at night and eat your dreams to keep you awake. They have strange ways of finding amusement."

Right.

Hermione kept her mouth full of food, allowing her eyes to scan the table. Malfoy was nowhere to be found, but the Slytherins at the end were sending her mixed looks. Pansy and Daphne looked like they wanted to murder her, Goyle was eyeing her suspiciously, Blaise kept grinning like a madman, Theo was giving her the same curious look he always did, and Crabbe was . . . Again, Crabbe.

She didn't much care for Crabbe after what he'd said to her.

Hermione felt awful about the forced use of Legilimency on Malfoy, but she didn't have the nerve to apologize to him. It was so utterly shameful to have done that to him, especially after he'd shielded her nude body from onlookers. He wasn't exactly spending his time bullying her anymore, and even though she still didn't want to be around him for longer than one millisecond at a time, no one deserved to have their mind broken into. She didn't know what she'd been thinking, she'd just been so confused about everything and she'd just wanted to know the truth. She still hadn't properly absorbed the fact that the Lesser Veritaserum had overpowered his Occlumency and forced him to tell the truth about her looks. All she could think about was the fact that there were so many thoughts involving her in the front of his mind, and that the most prominent one was the one she had nightmares about.

Now that she thought about it, it was strange to think about the fact that Malfoy thought she was fit. She still had a wild mane of tangled curls atop her head that she rarely brushed, and her teeth hadn't magically shrunk in the past few years. She'd shrunk them down before, but the charm wasn't permanent and it grew tiring changing oneself all the time just because other people didn't like the way you looked. Daphne and Parvati had seemed rather adamant about Hermione's need for concealer on the train at the start of term, too. She wondered if Malfoy was losing his eyesight, or if the things about her appearance that he once disliked were now becoming attractive to him?

"Would you like to go out on a walk with me and Ronald tonight, Hermione?" Luna asked, her words breaking into her tormented, guilty reverie.

"A walk?" she asked around a mouthful of pudding.

"It's the full moon tonight, so the moonflowers are in bloom at the edge of the forest," Luna said, and her eyes were alight.

Moonflowers were special magic herbs that only grew in the Forbidden Forest, and they had seemingly no use other than for vanity. Most girls liked to gather them into bouquets and display them in their rooms. They only bloomed on full moon nights, so it made sense that Luna would want to go tonight. Hermione had always liked moonflowers, but since she had never been into potions before, she'd never felt the need to gather any. But now that she was starting to find interest in potions for her parents, she thought it might be a good idea to collect some and put them under a stasis spell.

"Maybe. I'll let you know after dinner," Hermione said.

They ate together for awhile, listening to their peers around them chatting. Ron was on Luna's other side, and he couldn't stop ranting about Malfoy's acting like a git in class, according to him. Harry kept agreeing with him, and Hermione forced herself to resolutely keep her eyes on her plate. She could feel everyone looking at her, and it felt a lot worse than the stares she was getting from the younger students at the House tables. It felt more personal.

"Oh, Hermione. Why is your wand out on the table?" Luna asked curiously.

Hermione hesitated, unsure if she felt like discussing anything serious at the breakfast table.

"It's just easier," Hermione explained, and then she gestured down to her pleated miniskirt. "I wear my skirt usually, so there's no place for me to keep it. I usually hold my wand out at my side."

"You should get a wand holster!" Ron leaned around Luna and gave her a wry grin. "It'll be easier for you to whip it out and use it on the ferret that way."

Hermione chuckled in spite of her guilt over invading Malfoy's mind. She wondered if he wasn't in the Great Hall for breakfast because he was avoiding her.

"A wand holster?" Hermione smiled. "Like for my leg? I'd look like an Auror."

"They've got them for your wrists," Ron shrugged. "I just saw them in Hogsmeade last weekend. You could always go this weekend and get one."

"I would, but I've got 18 inches due in Defense Against the Dark Arts this week," Hermione pouted, trying not to dwell on the fact that he'd told her she could go and hadn't invited her along with a, "come with us."

A wrist holster would be handy. She could slip her wand into it and have it be always at the ready, whenever she was in trouble. It would be much better than putting it into a pocket. She didn't much like trousers, anyway. They just made her think of the same pair of trousers she wore for months when they were hunting for Horcruxes.

"18 inches?" Harry exclaimed from across the table. "That's mental, innit?! What on Earth for?!"

"Werewolves," Hermione sighed. "Bill - er - Professor Weasley didn't seem to care that we already learned about them in Third Year. He assigned me to write about the effects of Wolfsbane on a werewolf's behavior. You'll have to do an essay, too. You've got DADA every other day, yeah?"

"Bloody Hell," Ron said, chewing his food obnoxiously as he shook his head. "I'm not looking forward to DADA now. My brother's mental."

Luna laid her hand atop Hermione's to get her attention, a familiar dreamy smile fixed upon her pretty face.

"You can always send in an order via owl? Ollivander's has battle-ready holsters. The ones in Hogsmeade are more for practical use."

"Hm," Hermione said. "I think I'll do just that."

It was that earlier conversation that brought Hermione to the owlery in the evening after dinner, envelope in one hand and her wand in the other. She hadn't had time to go across the castle to get there all day, her studies having piled up a bit since she'd been so busy in the Library reading up on Occlumency. She felt guilty about what she'd done, yeah, but that didn't mean she didn't want to learn everything about what she'd originally been fascinated by. She'd gone to dinner, lost in thought until she got up to rush to the dorm and write the letter to Ollivander before her walk with Luna and Ron.

The sky was rather bright with twinkling stars that night as Hermione trudged down the outside pathway atop the wall, up to the owlery. The air was cool, but not too cold, and it tickled her skin as the breeze ruffled her skirt. The owls seemed uninterested in her as she entered the less-than-wonderful-smelling room, but Errol was quick to perch on her finger when she held up the letter.

"Take this straight to Ollivander's in Diagon Alley," she said, smoothing her fingers along the soft feathers atop the old brown owl's head.

He blinked, hooted, and then took flight. Hermione winced when she saw him smack headfirst into the wall next to the open window, and then smiled fondly when he figured it out and made it the second time.

Hermione turned and headed back down the stairs to the adjoining castle tower. She was glad she'd worn a thick jumper to come out, even if it almost dwarfed the length of her skirt. It seemed to have gotten colder in the past five minutes, and the sky grew darker. She pulled her sleeves down over her hands to keep them warm, holding them against her ribcage absentmindedly, her wand clutched close to her body.

Having a wand holster for her wrist - a battle-ready one - was going to be spectacular. She could just imagine being accosted by bullies in the hallway, and then surprising them with a wand pointed at their face as she seemingly produced it from nowhere. She smiled to herself.

No one would ever catch her off guard again.

Hermione wondered when things were going to get better. She knew she'd made a damning decision to help Lucius, and she worried that her friendships were never going to be the same again. Things didn't seem like they were going to get any better between her and Harry, since Harry just couldn't seem to make time for her. As for her situation with Ronald, that was no different than before. He seemed to think she didn't exist unless he was looking directly at her, and that was only when he tore his eyes away from Luna. The rest of the Eighth Year students were not interested in talking to her at all, except for Seamus. He had no issues speaking to her when he needed help with his coursework, and while Hermione was used to that sort of thing, it was incredibly lonesome always being talked at and never listened to.

Her thoughts wandered to Malfoy as she entered the castle tower, glad for the slight rise in temperature. Her teeth were starting to chatter.

Hermione wondered what was going on between her and Malfoy, if there was even something going on. She'd sensed a small change in him ever since their conversation outside the courtroom the day of his father's trial. She worried that perhaps she'd overstepped and said too much, but she'd been struggling for months with what Bellatrix had done to her. She hadn't meant to change anything between them - he'd put her through so much Hell over the years that the last thing on her mind had been causing a positive shift - but she had been so desperate to share her burden for even just a moment that she hadn't been able to stop herself from bringing up that night in his Drawing Room. And the way he'd looked at her afterward had been so open. Walls down; no Occlumency.

She'd been able to see, at that moment, that he carried that night on his back, too. Something about seeing it in front of her mind's eyes when she used Legilimency, knowing that he was thinking of it at that exact moment when Blaise questioned him, made her feel strange.

Hermione continued down the stairs, her grip on her wand loosening as she touched the smooth wood beneath her finger in an absentminded manner, trying to make sense of how Malfoy had managed to rattle her this school year. She had been determined to not allow anyone to catch her off guard again, but when it came to Malfoy, she had no idea what she was doing.

She paused on the stairs and exhaled heavily. She'd never thought about Malfoy so much in her entire life, and it was starting to get exhausting.

She didn't hear the footsteps on the tower stairs behind her, didn't have time to wonder how someone had gotten behind her from outside on the wall when she'd just been there, until it was too late.

Irony has an eerie way of working it way into your life when you least expect it, and Hermione was never the most hyper-aware girl when she was lost in her thoughts.

"Crucio!"

Blinding pain erupted white-hot inside of her body, and for a split second, Hermione's mind conjured up an image of Bellatrix Lestrange. Her head fell back in her body's throes of anguish, and she was convulsing too much to realize that she'd hit her head on the stairs as she collapsed. She felt like her veins were being coated in acid, and her heart raced in a panic as the pain coursed through her core. She was screaming, writhing around on the stairs, confused.

It was just like that night, that night in Malfoy Manor. She could almost see the chandelier, the fireplace, the black walls. She could hear Bellatrix's laughter in her ears, ringing about her head.

"Please," was all she could scream. "Please stop!"

Her attacker did not stop. The cruciatus wreaked its havoc for what felt like ages, dragging her agony out. It hurt worse the longer it went on, and she could feel the hatred rolling off of the unknown person in waves. She wanted to see them, to catch a glimpse, but the muscles in her head had forced her eyelids to squeeze shut as she begged and pleaded.

She kept seeing Bellatrix, kept hearing Fenrir Greyback's maniacal laughter as he relished sadistically in her pained cries. Kept seeing Malfoy staring directly at her, his eyes dead and body trembling, his mother's hand on his quivering shoulder.

Malfoy . . . Malfoy was the only one who knew what this was like . . .

Another wave of pain rocketed through her body, and Hermione almost blacked out. Her fingernails were scraping against the stone, the action pushing her own fingernails up from their nail beds, but her body was so overcome that her nerve endings barely registered it. Her throat was raw, hoarse, and when she finally was able to open her eyes, they merely rolled up into her head before she could see who was behind her, above her on the stairs.

Malfoy's eyes were on her. Narcissa was behind him, looking down at the floor. Lucius had his hand on Malfoy's shoulder. Bellatrix was cutting into her arm. Screaming, so much screaming. She was being turned inside-out from the burning. Where was Malfoy? Malfoy was by the fireplace. Fenrir was somewhere . . . Where was Malfoy?

Please help me Malfoy . . . Why are you just staring at me? Please help . . . It hurts . . .

Hermione's wand fell from her hands and clattered down the steps, her fingers twitching and convulsing with residual pain as the caster finally turned and ran back up towards the owlery. Hermione laid there in a daze as new footsteps clambered up the stairwell from below, and she saw a sea of faces through a haze. She didn't recognize any of them at first, but when she felt hands on her shoulders, she saw that one of the people above her was Theo Nott.

Theo was Malfoy's friend. He had to know about the night at the Manor. He had to know, he had to - to understand.

"Malfoy," she whimpered, voice scratching and aching. She trembled, her mind whirling around and around. She kept hearing Bellatrix's cackle, kept shuddering as phantom pains wracked her body. "Get Malfoy . . . Please get Malfoy . . ."

"Malfoy? Granger, what?" Theo looked confused, and then he suddenly appeared alarmed. "Granger! Granger, keep your bloody eyes open! Granger!"

Before she finally slipped into the blessed reprieve of unconsciousness, Hermione had changed her mind about Lesser Veritaserum day in Potions class.

This day was a nightmare.



 

Invisible


Unholy by Miley Cyrus, Time is Money by You Me at Six, Devastate and Recalibrate by Hail the Sun, and The Stranger in Our Pictures by Hail the Sun

Draco POV

Draco was not expecting Hermione Granger to return his robes.

Whether it was the fact that they'd touched Granger's nude body, or the fact that she'd likely be too mortified to approach, he had a feeling that the last thing she was going to do was give them back.

That was fine with him, in any case. Granger wasn't someone he wanted to make a habit of speaking to too often, and he had plenty of galleons to purchase new robes. It seemed odd to him that she hadn't chosen to shrink the robes to fit her small form, but he supposed he didn't have a right to question such a thing. Especially when he'd gotten her cauldrons for her twice in Potions, and he still didn't quite know why. If he started questioning those things, he might actually have to admit that he'd softened a bit towards her.

When he'd been headed past the end of the Charms hallway the morning of the day he'd given her the robes, on the way to skive off first period and spend it working on a Transfiguration essay in the Library, he'd nearly been bowled over by a group of Fifth Years. They were running at top-speed, grinning wickedly amongst themselves as they headed around the corner. They didn't seem to notice him, and he'd sniffed in annoyance.

When he was in his Fifth Year, he remembered students moved out of his way if he so much as looked at them. Being a member of that old bag Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad was no high honor, but he'd never had more power at Hogwarts than he had then.

As Malfoy had started to continue on his way, another group of students came dashing from the same direction as the previous ones. The group split around him, chattering with excitement and paying the disgruntled blond no heed.

"They're dueling!" one of the students had cried. "We've got to hurry before we miss it!"

Dueling in the halls? Malfoy had then paused, debating within himself whether or not to get involved. In Fourth Year, or perhaps even before then, he would have jumped at the chance to insert himself into a duel, if only to give himself the chance to show off how quick he was with his wand. After Sixth Year, he'd been too preoccupied to do that sort of thing anymore.

It's not as if I'm a Prefect, he thought as he watched the students go by. Why would I care about rules being broken in the corridors?

Yet he had been a bit curious to know why the students were so excited, and he was quite bored at the time. He wasn't exactly racing to hop on the metaphorical broom that was coursework for an entire ninety minutes, so what could it hurt to pay a visit and see what all the fuss was about?

It was times like those he sometimes wished it was Second or Third year again, and he was flanked by lackeys who would do anything he told them to. He could have sent one of them scurrying down the hall to find out if it was worth taking a gander. Now, Goyle was good for a laugh, but he wasn't interested in following behind anyone other than Pansy so he could keep his eyes on her arse. And Crabbe . . . Well, Crabbe was no doubt dodgy. Whatever happened to him between the Fiendfyre and the war's end had seen to that.

After the conversation he'd had with him in the common room all those nights ago, Draco kept his distance from Crabbe if he could help it. Crabbe clearly despised Granger and while Draco wasn't too fond of her himself, he wasn't raised to be impolite to anyone who stood up for a Malfoy. Muggle-born or not, Granger had done something important for his father. While he couldn't seem to talk to her without reverting to his Second Year self, hurling insults at her infuriating swotty face, he wasn't too chuffed on seeing what her flesh tasted like. Crabbe was morbid, and after Voldemort, Draco didn't do morbid.

Draco had eventually convinced his mind to amuse himself by heading down the hall, so he wasn't expecting anything more than a good time when he stepped around the corner. He'd chuckled to himself upon seeing the crowd, running his fingers through his messy hair as he decided whether or not to go over there. He saw a few Eighth Year students, but that didn't mean he wanted to be seen watching a juvenile school duel.

"Relashio!"

Over the sound of the crowd's noise, Draco thought he'd heard Granger's voice. He heard a second voice, female, and then the Granger voice again. When he realized it was indeed her, his eyebrows shot up. Granger was the epitome of a kiss-arse. What was she doing dueling in the hallways?

That, he had to see.

It still was a bit surreal to Draco, not being the only person who gave her trouble at school. It seemed silly, what with the fact that most everyone left Draco alone. Draco's father was the one who'd perpetrated the atrocities they were all so angry about, and Draco had committed the sin of being his son. But for some reason, everyone felt like Granger's was the worst betrayal. He got a couple insults hurled at him in the corridors here and there, but all it took was him pulling his sleeves up and showing his Mark to get them to scamper off.

The rest was a bit of a blur. He'd walked up just as the laughter began to rise to a crescendo, and he'd felt a cold sweat breaking out on his back when he'd caught a glimpse of Granger huddling to her knees.

Nude.

He was a Pureblood, no matter the situation, and he couldn't step aside while a woman was ogled without her knickers. As much as he disliked Granger, there was something pitiful about the way she was curling in on herself, hyperventilating. He'd heard his mother's voice in his head, urging him forward, and the next thing he knew, his presence was causing people to scatter. He'd given her his robes and then stood up, reacting on pure instinct, and flashed his Dark Mark to everyone in attendance. They were all gone in a matter of seconds.

He remembered being a bit impressed that she wasn't sniveling like Pansy probably would have, and for some reason, he respected her for that. For one moment.

One very brief moment.

He'd found himself thinking of her bruises, however, for more than a few hours afterward. Draco was not a heartless individual. He loved his mother, and before Voldemort's return, his father had used Narcissa as an outlet for his dark moods and thoughts. He'd seen many bruises on her body, watched her cry many times. Seeing the bruises on Granger's arms, visceral reminders of the fact that he'd allowed himself to act like Lucius, made him a bit queasy. Granger was still a person. A woman. Her front teeth could be the length of his wand, and she still wouldn't deserve that.

Draco hadn't quite known what to do with the guilt he felt, so he'd wrapped it up in a neat little metaphysical bow and locked it away in his mind, somewhere where he could forget about it.

He couldn't stop himself from thinking about that night at the Manor, however, no matter how hard he tried. He'd lay awake every night, staring at the ceiling of his dorm room, sinking into the mattress with dread. He'd mull over his memories, wondering how much of his blood was Bellatrix, how much was Narcissa, and how much was Lucius. He wondered if the part that was Aunt Bella was the part that hated Granger so much, and for some reason, that terrified him.

Blaise had told him about the Lividia fumes, though Draco had been reluctant to attribute his actions completely to it. He remembered the exact moment that he'd snapped that day, and he wasn't sure if it was because of her insinuation that he wanted Voldemort to violate his life, or if it was because of the increasing pressure of the strange dynamic they'd had that day. He remembered watching her struggle to get the cauldron, remembered the odd feeling that had come over him. He remembered cutting the centipede for her because it scared her and he could tell. Blaise later accused him of teasing Granger, and that made Draco feel so uncomfortable that he'd just stayed away from the Great Hall.

According to Blaise, Granger had found it necessary to approach the Slytherins' claimed end of the Year Eight table that night to tell him herself. Draco had, quite frankly, been too ashamed to be present at dinner. Shame was an emotion that came to him quite easily, but the pervading sense of confusion that hung over his head kept him sitting in the common room reading books instead of eating. Because if Blaise was right, if he was actually teasing Granger, that implied that something was seriously wrong with him. After he'd lost his temper and grabbed her during Advanced Potions that particular day, Draco would no less have wanted to speak to her than he would have wanted to attend the Yule Ball with the Red Weasel as his date.

Even more interestingly, was the other part of that evening. The part where Crabbe assaulted Granger so forcefully that she fell against Blaise. Blaise had seemed to find it no more odd than usual, finding the fact that Saint Potter and Weaselbee hadn't sprung to action as fast as he thought they would have to be more interesting. As for Draco, something about what Crabbe had done made a tiny, nagging thought erupt in the back of Draco's mind. He couldn't quite decipher the thought, but it was there. And it remained there for the next two weeks.

Was Granger in danger?

Ah, tosh. As far as Draco and his Third-Year face were concerned, Granger would be fine. Crabbe was likely the person who needed to watch out, not the other way around.

"Draco, mate, get up!"

Theo's voice cut into Draco's thoughts where he was dozing in his bed with his hands folded behind his head. Light from a lumos spell shone into the blond's dorm room as he snapped one eye open in confusion. He'd thought himself into a light sleep, but now that Theo had come stumbling in, he knew there'd be no way he'd be able to get back to it.

"Oi," Draco grumbled in irritation, not moving from his position on his back. "You'd better have a bloody good reason to wake me, git."

Theo's face came into view, and the look on it made Draco's stomach twist. It didn't look like he was bothering Draco for the sake of bothering him. Something serious had gone on. His eyes opened completely, alarmed.

"What? What's happened?"

"Is Granger asking for you on the stairs outside the owlery good enough reason for you?! Get your arse up!" Theo tossed him his Slytherin House jumper and waved his hand to urge him to hurry.

Draco swung his legs around and planted his feet firmly on the ground, one hand on his thigh and the other carding through his bed-tousled locks. He wasn't sure he'd heard him correctly. Granger was asking for him? For what reason? And at this hour? The moonlight filtering through his window from the very full moon indicated that it was quite late. His brow furrowed with suspicion.

"Are you sozzled?' he asked his friend, who looked wild-eyed and disheveled.

"Not a bit, mate," Theo said, and then he waved his hand again. "Let's go, Draco!"

Draco pulled the jumper on over the top of his black satin pyjama bottoms, not bothering to put any shoes on. He moved slowly, not entirely sure if he was dreaming, or if Theo had gone mental. He gestured lazily to the open doorway, trying not to laugh at the anxious way Theo was hopping from one foot to the other.

"Lead the way," he said, fully believing that Theo was mad.

They headed down the stairs and into the empty, dark common room. The magical fire was still roaring, and the fact that no one was up showed Draco just how late it was. He rolled his eyes. There was no way that Granger would ask for him in any sense of the imagination, and at the owlery no less. What would she be doing at the owlery so late?

As if reading his mind, Theo said, "She asked for you hours earlier, but Madam Pomfrey said no visitors until she was done."

"Done?" Draco felt fully sure that Theo was drunk, and that there were likely multiple bottles of firewhiskey lying empty on his dorm room floor. He eyed him from behind, studying for any telltale signs of swaying or stumbling, but there were none. Theo strode with purpose, his lit wand illuminating the dark Hogwarts corridors as they went.

"Something's happened to her, to Granger," Theo said, sounding anxious. "We heard her screaming when we were headed back from dinner, me and some Seventh Years. When we got there, she was passing out on the ground."

Silver eyes narrowed in the darkness and then Draco reached forward to grab his classmate's elbow. They halted, Theo turning to face him.

"What's happened, then?" Draco asked, confused. If Theo truly was serious, and Granger had asked for him, and they found her in such a state, then it had to be something bad. Even though it was completely bonkers that she would ask for him for anything, Draco felt the tiniest, tiniest spark of concern ignite in his mind.

Did they think he had something to do with it?

"We're not sure," Theo said. "She -"

"Oi, what's this?" Saint Potter's voice came from the darkness, his eyes squinting at the two Slytherins by the light of his wand. "What're you two doing?"

Theo started to speak, but Draco tightened his grip on his elbow until he was sure it would silence him. Draco couldn't resist an opportunity as golden as this one. He didn't know what was even going on, why Granger had asked for him, but he knew he had control over the situation at this point. He didn't want Potter to know where they were headed, and who for. It was Potter's supposed best friend, and Draco relished in the fact that he'd be the last to know she was hurt.

How positively Slytherin of him.

"Mind your business, Potty," Draco sneered. "Off to bed with you."

Pothead's eyes narrowed behind his glasses and then he took a threatening step toward the two. "Don't think I forgot about everything that's happened in Advanced Potions, ferret. If you hurt Hermione again, I'll use Expelliarmus on you and show you how effective it can be."

The vague comparison to Voldemort made a whip of anger lash through Draco's chest and he dropped Theo's arm. He stepped closer to Potter, wracking his brain for the most hurtful thing he could think to say. And then it came to him. A memory of a specific dinner in the Great Hall came to mind. Draco had been late, and so when he'd walked in, he'd overheard the conversations that were going on. Most of the Eighth Year students mingled Houses at mealtimes, but the only person who never seemed to be included in any of their mingling was Granger. It was clear as crystal that her friends weren't exactly being friendly toward her after what she'd done for Draco's father. The way he saw it, Granger would be thanking him if he gave her Precious Potter an eye-opening lesson.

"Don't pretend like you suddenly see her now, Potter," he spat. He was quite a bit taller than Pothead, which made him feel all the more powerful as he smirked down at him. "Seems like the only time you notice she's come 'round is when you get a pat on the back for defending her."

Potter's eyes narrowed with confusion, and then he aimed his wand at Draco's throat. The lit wood pressed into his skin and he felt the warmth of the light burning his skin, but he knew better than to flinch. Voldemort had put him through worse.

"Just because my best friend stood up for your family doesn't mean I'm opposed to sinking to your level, Malfoy. She's a lot more forgiving than I. I'll have you know I fully blame you and your father for Dobby's death."

At the mention of Dobby, Draco had to force his Occlumency walls up quickly. Dobby was Tinky's brother, and Draco didn't like being reminded of the most important life that his Aunt Bella had stolen from him. He lifted his hand up and shoved Potter's wand aside with the back of it.

"Fuck off, Potter," he growled, unable to get the image of Bellatrix's blade slicing across the air from his mind. The emotional pain swirled behind the stone-cold blockade that was his Occlumency, and he pushed past it to shove Potter with his shoulder and storm off down the shadowed hall. The floor felt colder beneath his bare feet than usual.

Theo scrambled to follow him, neither of them glancing back over their shoulders as they went. He was quiet for a moment, glancing up at Draco, and then he cleared his throat.

"I suppose you kept Granger's state to yourself on purpose then, yeah?"

Draco refused to look at him. "It's the little victories, Theo."

"And you're not, like . . . With Granger?"

Draco rolled his eyes. He'd heard that question asked of him more times than he could count this school year. It was starting to get amusing. He wished Granger hadn't asked for him to come to her, whatever reason she did it for.

"No, mate. For the millionth time, I'm not."

Theo didn't say anything, and they rounded the corner to the shifting stairs. As they made their way to the stairwell closest, they were surprised to run into Daphne coming off of them.

"What're you doing up?" Theo asked, looking perplexed.

"I could say the same to you," she said, a cagey expression on her face. She eyed them up and down. "Where are you two headed? Off to snog in the dungeons?"

Draco and Theo snorted with laughter, and it felt a bit alien to the blond. He hadn't truly laughed in weeks.

"Oh, if only," Draco said.

"I don't think I'm his type," Theo added, wriggling his eyebrows.

"That's because his type is more Granger-esque," Daphne smirked, crossing her arms over her chest. She wore a pair of fluffy pyjamas, and her hair was a disaster. She looked like she'd come from a good snog, and while Draco wasn't exactly in the best of moods this school year, he felt like he could use a good snog himself.

A strange, obviously-sent-from-Voldemort-in-Hell image of himself snogging Granger up against a wall assailed his sensibilities and he averted his eyes to the snoozing portraits above them. The only way that would happen was if he were dead and she were not Granger, and since he had no plans to die anytime soon and she was most certainly Granger, it was absolutely barmy of him to think of it.

"Oh, sod it, Daphne," Draco said, rolling his eyes.

"Anyway," Theo said, still chuckling a bit. "We're off. Cheerio."

He started off to the staircase, Draco following close behind. Draco gave Daphne a small wave as he leaned up against the banister with one hand propped on it beside his hip. The staircase seemed to know exactly where they wanted to go, and when they reached the correct floor, Theo began to walk so quickly that Draco had to jog to catch up.

It felt surreal that he was actually on his way to answer Granger's call. He almost wanted to pinch himself and see if he were just in a bizarre dream.

The Infirmary smelled odd, as it always did, and there was no sound save for the background noise of wolves howling outside the castle, far off in the Forbidden Forest. Draco could see that they were not the only ones present. Headmistress McGonagall stood next to a bed with the DADA instructor, Professor Bill Weasley. He was perhaps the only Weasley Draco was impartial to. He didn't seem to have the same idiotic look on his face that the others did, and the scar that cut through his face lended to an altogether rugged look. Both Professors looked up as Draco and Theo entered, appearing grim.

"Evening, Mr. Malfoy, Mr. Nott," Weasley said. He wore his pyjamas as well, but McGonagall had her regular wizarding robes on, same as Theo. "All right?"

"Yeah," Draco said gruffly, keeping his Occlumency walls in place as he stepped up to the end of Granger's bed. He stayed a few feet away, crossing his arms over his chest. His eyes swept over her prone form once, trying not to linger.

"Unfortunately, she's lost consciousness," came Madam Pomfrey's voice from the other side of the bed. She waved her wand and a number of hazy images appeared before her. "Her vitals are doing well, however."

"What happened?" Draco asked, pure curiosity getting the best of him.

"No one knows," Theo said. "Like I said, we heard her screaming from the open tower door, hollering something Merlin-awful. When we got up the stairs, she was shivering and her eyes were rolling about. Next thing we know, she's askin' for you, mate. Then she was out."

McGonagall was eyeing Malfoy. "You wouldn't happen to have any sort of idea as to why she would have asked for you, Mr. Malfoy?"

Draco bristled. He didn't want to be accused of anything involving "Merlin-awful screaming," that was for sure. He knew he'd nearly gotten into trouble for the Lividia incident, so he wasn't surprised that the old bat was giving him the eye.

"It's not my fault," he said, "if that's what you're implying. I prefer my bird screaming for other reasons."

"Mr. Malfoy!" McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey exclaimed at the same time.

Draco pursed his lips to keep himself from smirking. He looked down at his jumper, swiping a piece of lint off of the shoulder. He drawled, "I haven't the slightest clue what's happened to her."

Everyone turned to look at Granger, who was lying on her back with her hands at her sides above the crisp white sheet, her eyes flickering around beneath her closed eyelids. Her brow remained furrowed even in her sleep, and her lips frowned and twitched. For all intents and purposes, she appeared to be dreaming.

Draco mulled over the possibilities in his mind. Perhaps she had simply stumbled and fallen down? She wasn't some nimble Quidditch player, so he wouldn't be surprised if it were that. She was also at the owlery. She could have angered the owls and caused them to chase after her. He really wouldn't be surprised if her ridiculous thirst for knowledge had caused her to do something mad like approaching the owls in their nests too closely.

"What's so funny, Mr. Malfoy?" Weasley asked, narrowing his eyes. His arms mirrored Draco's, folding over his own chest. "I hardly think Herm - er - Miss Granger's state is humorous."

Draco simply shook his head, and then his mind began to work itself into a storm of quiet thought. He rubbed his chin with one hand, glancing over at the slumbering girl. Perhaps someone had done something to harm her. She certainly hadn't made things easy for herself before term began. Had someone attacked her in the stairwell?

"And you said you saw no one?" He looked to Theo.

Theo ran a hand through his messy head of ebony curls. "Not a soul. And with the narrowness of the hallway coupled with our location, we would have seen him."

McGonagall tutted. "That's impossible. There's only one entrance in or out."

Weasley frowned, looking at Draco as he thought aloud. "That means if she were attacked, it would have to be from behind, and that person would have had to escape on the stone steps outside. It's hundreds of feet up - they either jumped or escaped via broom."

"It's a possibility," Theo said, tucking his hands under his armpits as he crossed his own arms. "The screaming was . . . Well, it was a bit much to be a slip of the toe and a fall."

"What did she sound like?" Draco asked. If anyone had an example to compare with the sound of her screams, it would be himself. He pushed the memory of the night in the Manor to the forefront of his mind,trying not to flinch as he heard her screams in his head.

"Sort of . . . Elongated?" Theo scratched the back of his head. "Sobbing, pleading . . . Definitely not the type of screaming you do when you fall."

"Sobbing . . . And pleading?" It didn't feel right, saying those words about Granger. He'd given her Hell growing up, but never once had she resorted to begging. The only time he'd ever heard her beg was on the floor of his home, with Bellatrix's wand slicing into her skin. He was reliving it now, in his mind, as everyone stood there. He felt uncomfortable in his skin, and when he looked at Granger again, he almost wished she would wake up and tell them what happened.

"Yeah," Theo said before he grimaced. "It sounded rather . . . Desperate. You know Slytherins aren't exactly the first ones to jump into the fray, but we . . . Well, it just sounded so awful. We didn't think about it. We just took off running to help."

"Bloody Hell," Draco whispered, eyes wide in shock that he couldn't seem to hold back. His imagination was running wild, and he had to force the memory of the night at the Manor back with Occlumency. He didn't know what had happened, but if it was anything like what Theo described, it didn't sound like something Draco knew how to handle.

Even worse, she'd asked for him. Why would the first person she asked for not be Potter or Weaselbee? If she was that distressed, why in Merlin's name would she ask for Draco?

McGonagall placed a hand over her heart and Draco looked away when he saw tears filling the elderly woman's eyes. "Madam Pomfrey . . . When you looked her over, she was not . . . ? Was she robbed of her h-honor?" Her voice broke, and Professor Weasley patted her back.

"Don't fret, Headmistress!" Madam Pomfrey gushed, looking around with wide eyes. "Boys, Professor. Whatever she experienced, whatever happened, cannot be detected through the wand. I saw no sign of violation. You shall have to wait until she awakens to ask her."

"How long will she remain unconscious?" Weasley asked worriedly.

"I'm unsure," Madam Pomfrey admitted. "But I promise to be vigilant. I will keep both of my eyes on her until she is well. Rest easy in the knowledge, though, that her body shows no signs of a rape."

When her words registered, Draco was too unsettled to worry about the fact that the witch had assumed Theo and Draco were Granger's friends. Though it was not a stupid assumption, seeing as they were there, standing at the foot of Granger's sickbed.

He gulped. The words 'Granger', 'violation', and 'rape' did not belong in the same sentence together. The latter two words didn't belong anywhere at all, for that matter. He didn't want the image he had in his mind now to continue existing there, didn't want to think about what that would look like. Glancing at the fitfully slumbering Granger, he was made painfully aware of how slight she was.

They may have held no fond feelings toward one another, but Draco had no desire to see Granger forced into anything she had no want of. Just the thought of someone attacking her, their hands in her hair, pulling screams out of her, screams that haunted his nightmares . . . He flinched.

When he dwelled too much on it, he felt the very beginnings of a most perplexing anger, and so he used his Occlumency and dissolved the thoughts. It was one thing to find something reprehensible, but another thing altogether to muster up emotions and feel ire. A bloke had to care to have the wherewithal to get angry. And this particular bloke jad never cared a lick about Granger.

He had to admit that he was quite cross with her about the fact that she'd used Legilimency against him in Advanced Potions that day. It'd been a shoddy attempt, but it'd caught him off guard in his battle against the Lesser Veritaserum potion. It'd been liked fighting off two assailants with one wand, each coming from a different direction. Not only had he been forced to admit her found her attractive in front of the entire classroom, but he'd spilled his thoughts and memories out all over his mind. She'd seen a few things he hadn't wanted anyone to see, he'd felt her surprise, and then he'd regained his power and shoved her back out.

But cross or not, he was a Pureblood, a gentleman, and the son of a woman he'd kill for. He would never be the type of man who looked the other way when a woman was attacked for her honor.

"Let's off to bed, then, boys," Weasley said into the tense, thick silence. "We've got classes in the morning, I'm sure."

Draco allowed himself and Theo to be ushered out, glancing over his shoulder one final time at Granger. McGonagall was sat on the edge of her bed, holding one of the pale girl's limp hands in her own, and Draco was astonished to see that some of Granger's fingernails were pushed up off of the nail beds, her fingertips bloodied. What could cause a person to nearly rip the nails from their fingers?

What happened to her?

Draco couldn't help but wonder when Granger would wake. Would she recall having asked for him? Had she asked for him because she wanted him to save her? If so, why him?

That night, Draco dreamed of Voldemort and the scorching hot ichor of the Dark Mark taking hold in the veins and flesh of his arm. He heard his own screaming in his mind as Voldemort cast crucio on him to keep him weak. He felt his body writhing around on the floor of the Drawing Room, his muscles convulsing.

"Imprison your weakness, Draco." He heard the serpent's voice in his mind. "Let the darkness twist your magic. Let it bring you power."

Draco didn't want power, not when it felt like this. Not like this.

He felt the tip of Voldemort's wand caressing the edges of his anguished face, grinning with sinister abandon as he cast the curse again and again. It was all Draco could do not to empty his bladder on the floor and shame his father in front of the Death Eaters. The pleas were on the tip of his tongue, the tears shimmering in his eyes. He just wanted it to stop, and when his back arched in agony and he caught sight of his parents, he could see it in their dead eyes.

They didn't want this, either. They'd imprisoned their weakness, just as Voldemort had said, to be able to cope with seeing their son be forced to take a Mark he wanted nothing to do with. If he didn't, they'd be killed. If they didn't allow it, he'd be killed. There was no right decision. No way out.

The only path was one of subservience.

Another crucio hissed through the air, and Draco's entire body felt burst into flames. He heard his aunt cackling, felt his body shaking violently, and he bit down so hard on his tongue that blood began to bubble forth from between his lips. His eyes rolled back into his head, his senses sinking into the velvet-smooth comfort of an unconscious state.

"Surrender, Draco," Voldemort purred, running his wand down the center of Draco's chest. "Surrender to the deepest, darkest parts of you, and let them consume you. Surrender, and become mine."

When Draco woke, there were tears on his cheeks.

"You look proper awful, mate."

Draco barely lifted his eyes from his breakfast bowl, snorting at Goyle's words. Beside the brunette to the right, Theo exchanged glances across the table with Draco. It felt like they had some sort of huge secret stuffed away, being the only two students in the Great Hall who knew where Granger was. As it was, whispers were jumping around all over the room over numerous morning meals, everyone speculating what happened to the Gryffindor Golden Girl outside the owlery.

He rubbed his face with his hands, feeling exhausted. He wished he'd been able to sleep well, but it was impossible. Not after the nightmare that he'd had.

He looked down the table, curious to see if Pothead or Weaselbee had figured things out yet. The Red Weasel was leaning across the table, saying something to the blonde Ravenclaw, Luna Lovegood that she seemed to find fascinating. Potter seemed preoccupied with a conversation with some Hufflepuff, and judging by the way he was guffawing, he didn't notice that Granger was missing.

Draco almost felt sorry for her. She'd fallen quite far, and rather quickly. All it had taken was throwing in her lot with Lucius, and everything she'd worked for socially over the years had been swept out from underneath her feet. A Slytherin would never. Could never. Slytherins lacked the stupidity that it took to throw away your accomplishments for another person's sake.

Still, it was odd to see the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws all turning on her this year. The younger students, he could ignore - they were products of their parents and hadn't been a part of the battling the previous year. But the fellow Eighth Years? No loyalty, and even Slytherins could be loyal when they wanted to be. He knew that if it were him in the Infirmary, he'd have Blaise, Theo, Pansy, Daphne, and Goyle in there. Possibly even Crabbe.

Well, maybe not Crabbe. Draco was a little concerned that Crabbe would put a pillow over his face while he slept if he were confined in the Infirmary. Bloke was strange.

"Probably didn't get much sleep last night," Daphne said around a mouthful of cereal, her eyes twinkling. "Snogging in the dungeons?"

Draco rolled his eyes. "Obviously."

"Who were you snogging?" Blaise asked, looking indignant. "And why didn't I know you had a bird? Oi, you're muggin' me off this year, mate. I don't like it."

"Blaise, come off it," Draco said, laughing through his tired state. "I'm not snogging anyone. Daphne's just messin' about."

Daphne shrugged and smirked. "I don't know what you get up to anymore, Draco. Some would say you're an enigma."

"Right."

Draco dug into his food, trying not to think too much about the previous night's events. He didn't want to spend his entire morning thinking of the Golden Trio. He had coursework to worry about. Turned out that mentally checking out for Sixth Year and physically checking out for Seventh made things a lot more difficult than he'd originally thought. Draco was struggling along in his classes, but he'd never tell anyone that aloud. He was fortunate that his father was in Azkaban; if he saw his grades, he'd probably give Draco the Kiss himself.

"How's you and your lover, Granger?" Goyle asked, smirking as he chewed obnoxiously. He pointed his fork at Blaise. "Little birdy told me you admitted y'thought she was lush."

Draco set his fork down, glaring hard at the table. "Give me one moment. I'm contemplating which Unforgivable to use on you, Zabini."

Blaise threw his head back and laughed, nudging Draco's ribs with his elbows. "I was just taking the piss out of you, Drake. It's not like I cast imperio and made you fuck her."

Draco had a very vivid daydream of himself stabbing Blaise in the eye with his fork. "Zabini, I'm narrowing down your cause of death. Theo," he gave him a smirk, "what d'you think? Should I do something barmy and hex his lungs? Or should I go the traditional route and avada his arse?"

Blaise clapped Draco on the back. "Nothin' to be ashamed of, mate. It's not like anyone would throw you in Azkaban for shaggin' Granger."

"I would," Daphne said sweetly, fluttering her eyelashes.

"And probably Crabbe," Goyle added with a short guffaw. "He was talking about her in Arithmancy just yesterday. Said he wished he'd seen her when she was dueling in the halls. Heard a Ravenclaw jinxed her clothes off."

Draco couldn't help it. His eyes flicked to Goyle, and for some reason, Draco felt the same sickly feeling he felt the night before when Madam Pomfrey had assured them Granger hadn't been violated. Crabbe was obviously not fond of Granger, judging by the vitriol he had to spout about her, but he'd always been a bumbling fool. He wasn't capable of getting it up, let alone assaulting Granger like that.

"Oi, where is Crabbe?" Pansy suddenly said, looking about. "He was supposed to walk me to class today."

Draco briefly noted the look of dismay that passed over Goyle's face, and then his eyes darted around their end of the table. Crabbe was indeed not present at breakfast, which was a first. The guy was a giant wall of muscle, and he could eat.

"Did you hear what happened to Hermione Granger?" A Sixth Year Slytherin appeared behind Blaise and the Slytherin beside him, a hand on either of their shoulders. His eyes were wide and dancing. "Found her in the hall just last night."

"What?" Daphne's face split into an open-mouth smile, shock registering in her eyes. "Where?"

"The owlery," Pansy said. "I heard it on the way here this morning. Some Third Years were talking about it in the hall."

Draco shifted in his seat and snuck a peek at Theo. Theo was looking right back at him. They both quickly looked away, silently agreeing to keep the secret. Draco didn't even know why he wanted it hidden. The whole school was going to find out eventually that Granger had asked specifically for him, and then he was probably going to get a lot of glares. Logically, it was probably already known by the majority of the students, seeing as Theo had been with younger students when they found her. Draco wondered how long before Weaselbee and Saint Potter found out. Draco wondered if they'd hex him before or after asking him for answers.

"You're mad," Daphne said, gasping. "The owlery? Did the birds think her hair was home?"

Draco only laughed because he was expected to. But something didn't feel right about it. It felt like he was laughing at the death of an animal.

"Actually," the younger Slytherin boy who'd approached them said, leaning in conspiratorially, "I heard she was crucioed. That she was screaming bloody kedavra."

"No," Daphne gasped.

"Yes," the boy said, smirking. "I'd say she got what she deserved."

Draco felt like something was pulling him to look up at the boy, to scold him. It terrified him to think that he was actually feeling bothered by the words, but to say someone deserved the cruciatus was a bit cruel. He felt like he should feel offended, since most people disliked her because of what she'd done for his family. Draco resolutely kept his eyes on his plate.

He thought back to the possibilities he'd been mulling over the previous night. The cruciatus. Why hadn't he thought of that? But why would she ask for Draco if she'd been cursed? It still didn't make sense . . . Could the night at the Manor really be that deep of a trauma for her that she would want Draco to be there for her when she was crucioed?

No. That was absurd. Had him lending her his robes given her some sort of strange idea that he fancied her? Was she mental?

Draco was so confused.

"Not possible," Theo said, drawing everyone's gaze. But he was looking at Draco with his brows knitted together. "Right?"

Everyone turned to look at Draco, who blanched. Why were they looking to him?

Theo nodded to him. "You've cast it, right? Do you think you'd be able to tell?"

"Well . . ." He reached up to run his fingers through his hair. "It's not . . . I mean, yeah. There's some signs, but . . . Yeah. I can tell."

"Excellent," Pansy said. "I hope someone got her good."

Draco set his fork down, feeling altogether strange in the midst of this conversation. After the nightmare he'd had the night before, he didn't want to talk about the cruciatus, even in regards to Granger. He'd seen her in that state once; he didn't need or want to see it again.

He had to be honest with himself. When he thought of possible things that could have put Granger in the Infirmary, the cruciatus was not something he wanted it to be. He didn't know why, he just knew he didn't want it to be on the list.

Draco had a feeling that whatever happened to Granger wasn't an isolated incident. Whatever it was, was bound to happen again. Whoever hated her enough to use the cruciatus, if that's what had happened, wasn't going to suddenly feel fulfilled just by watching her scream. In Draco's experience with Voldemort, it was the silence that followed the screams that provided the most pleasure.

A week went by, during which Draco wrote to his mother.

Narcissa seemed alarmed to discover that Granger had been hurt, and she'd reiterated her desire for Draco to keep an eye on her. Draco didn't want to, of course, feeling that it was her supposed best friends' jobs to do that. But then he'd reminded himself that they weren't exactly watching out for her in the first place if they'd allowed her to be hurt in the first place. Draco didn't understand why everyone said Gryffindors were loyal..

Draco knew his mother felt some sort of responsibility over her, because of what Granger had done for the family, but he didn't know how to process his own sentiments about that. His knee-jerk reaction was to think that there was no possible way he'd ever have the desire to "keep an eye" on Granger for any reason. It wasn't long after that, that he told himself he would watch her, but not in the way his mother thought. He'd told himself that the second she either awoke or came back to class, he was only going to check for signs of the cruciatus.

He didn't know what he would do with the information if she had been cursed, and he didn't want to engage in the difficult "Why did you ask for me to come?" conversation that needed to be had, but the curiosity was tearing him apart. He just wanted to find out if she'd been crucioed, and then he'd let it go. He'd move on.

That was the plan.

He'd mentioned Crabbe's eerie words from the first night of term to his mother ages ago, so she'd written in her newest letter to keep an eye on him, too. That was a bit of a bother. Draco really didn't want to watch him. He was mental. He was the type of bloke to eat and chew a Golden Snitch, all while reading the morning Prophet.

Crabbe hadn't been in any of his classes the day after Granger's attack, but he'd returned the following day after that. He'd disappeared off with Pansy more than a few times that day, which absolutely killeed Goyle, but other than that, he was Crabbe as usual. Draco still didn't think he had the intelligence to use an Unforgivable, so he had no desire to keep an eye on the idjit.

Narcissa also updated him on his father. He had mixed feelings about that. Draco's relationship with Lucius was complicated, and a bit like a yin-yang.

On the one hand, he'd ruled the house with an iron wand for years, making both Narcissa and Draco slaves to his abuse. Whatever Lucius believed, his family was expected to believe. If anyone stepped out of line, he wasn't above correcting them the Muggle way until the lesson was learned. Draco remembered distinctly the bruise his father gave him the day he'd come home from riding his favorite Abraxan past curfew.

On the other hand, after Fourth Year, his father had begun to change. Voldemort returned and Lucius was expected to be ready for war immediately. The Dark Lord hadn't been happy with how lazy Lucius had grown in his absence, and while he allowed Lucius to remain his second-in-command, he punished him constantly for his supposed insubordination and betrayal. Draco being forced to take the Mark was only the tip of the iceberg, and according to Lucius, Voldemort only tasked Draco to kill Dumbledore because he'd hoped Draco would fail, and then he'd be able to punish Draco's father with Draco's death. Over time, the Malfoy family had come together and worked their way past the sins of Lucius's past, huddling together for metaphorical warmth as Voldemort claimed their home and filled it with despair.

After Draco took the Mark, his father became a shell. And after Potter killed Voldemort, Lucius had done everything he could to make amends for the sake of himself, Narcissa, and Draco. Draco both hated and loved his father, and even if no one understood that, he would always look forward. Yes, his father was a monster when he was a child. But he was his father.

Draco didn't know how to separate his love for his father from his hatred for his actions.

At the end of her letter, Narcissa mused that she would like to write to Granger and ask after her well-being if Draco was amenable to it, and that didn't sit well with Draco. It was almost laughable, the thought of their family's recognizable silver owl swooping down to deliver Granger a sealed envelope from Narcissa Malfoy in front of the entire great Hall. Granger's life would be Hell after that. There'd be no quelling the rumors about her and Draco then.

Merlin. Draco was becoming way too comfortable spending hours thinking about Granger, of all witches to be thinking of.

Draco went to the Infirmary a few days after she'd first ended up there, checking to see if she'd woken yet. He wanted to know what happened, and he was tired of hearing students slinging rumors around like idiotic gossips. He'd already had to deal with Scarhead spending all of his time glaring at him in the halls, common room, and Great Hall, and he was starting to grow a perpetual headache from the incessantness of it all.

"Merlin, Potty," he'd drawled in their Transfiguration class two days after Granger's attack. "If you stare any harder, you'll burn a scar into my forehead too."

"Just trying to figure out why Hermione would name you at the site of her attack," Pothead had said with a smirk that didn't quite reach the cold hatred in his eyes.

"Well, shine my wand and charm my mother," said Draco with a wide, dazzling grin. "You've figured me out. I'm shagging Granger. She's very responsive."

"Oh, bugger off, Malfoy. I'm watching you."

Draco gave no single flying fuck what Potter did. He could watch him all he wanted. That way if Draco's hair looked bad, he had someone who would be the first to let him know. At least Draco had the decency to be flattered.

In the present, Draco had skipped lunch so no one would see him walking to check on her. Well, not to check on her, per se, but just to check up on the state of things. To get the answers he bloody deserved.

As Draco neared the doors, he looked up from the floor to see Weaselbee and Luna Lovegood exiting the doors. He was saying something to her with a laugh, and she had a dreamy smile on her face. Draco obviously hated the Weasel, but he operated under a distant wariness agreement with Lovegood. Draco was as powerful a wizard as she was a witch, and the only other witch more proficient with spells was Granger.

"Oi!" Weaselbee froze, grabbing Luna's arm to stop her. He glared at Draco. "What do you think you're doing here, you foul git?"

"Haven't you heard?" Draco asked, his lips curving up into a smirk. He slipped his hands into the pockets of his black trousers, having forgone his robes for the day since it was on the warmer side. "We're shagging."

"Fucking - YOU WANKER!"

Luna swiftly stepped in front of the Weasel before he could lunge forward, and fixed Draco with that wistful smile.

"Have you come to see if Hermione's all right, Draco?" she asked, eyes shining. Her hands were clasped before her. "That's very kind of you. I heard what you did for her outside of the Charms classroom a couple weeks ago."

Draco hesitated. He didn't know how to lie his way out of this one without dueling Weaselbee in the hall. He wasn't there to see if she was all right, he was just coming there to see. And he didn't like that Luna was mentioning the robes. Not only did he not want to think about Granger nude, but he really didn't want to think about the fact that everyone was still talking about his momentary display of weakness.

He settled upon lying by omission.

"Has she awoken?" he asked, hands still in his pockets and stance relaxed.

"What's it to you?" Weaselbee snarled. "You're probably the one who put her in there!"

"Incorrect," Draco said, "But I've certainly been lamenting my lost chance to shine."

Luna pushed her backside against the Weasel, keeping him in place. Her hair fell forward. "You have a very interesting sense of humor, Draco Malfoy. You would get along with a Pindly, I'm sure."

"Oh, I'm sure." Draco had no idea what the fuck a Pindly was.

"You've got some nerve," Weaselbee growled, still trying to step around Luna. Draco had to admit - the girl was as nimble as a seeker with those feet. She kept trying to trip him, smiling the entire time as though she'd just drank a Sweet Dreams potion.

"I've got a lot of nerves," Draco said, glancing down at the nails on his left hand. "Which ones do you want?"

The Weasel's face was rapidly growing as red as his hair. Draco was trying so hard not to laugh that he could feel his throat aching. It was too easy with the Golden Trio. They all seemed to run hot with tempers. All Draco had to do was poke them a bit, and they exploded.

"Ronald, please," Luna said softly, turning to face him. She put her hands on his cheeks. "I'm sure he's just here to see how she's faring. What we've heard is just rumor."

"But that's what you want everyone to think, innit?" The Red Weasel was pointing at him. "You're bloody fine letting everyone call her a Malfoy slag, so long as your father gets to keep his shortened sentence."

Draco's eye twitched at the mention of his father. He combed the fingers of both hands through his hair, sighing as though bored. "Believe me, Weaselbee, if she were my slag, no one would give her as much Hell as you and Potty let her go through. Unlike you, I keep my eye on the people I care about."

He knew he was playing with fire by adding fuel to the rumors, saying things like that, but he was sick of the insipid stupidity of the Weasel. That, and Draco had grown quite tired of watching Granger send her friends puppy dog eyes all through their meals. It was pitiful. Every day, could practically smell her desperation from down the table.

"What d'you know about it?" Weaselbee yelled. "You'd better keep your hands off of her!"

"Ooh, that might not work," Draco said, smirking. "She likes it when I keep my hands on her."

Weaselbee got redder, if that was even possible.

"Luna, I'm sorry." The Red Weasel lifted his wand..

Without so much as a blink, Draco whipped his wand out of the hidden holster on his wrist and cast expelliarmus. The gnarled wand of his opponent tore itself out of his grip and Draco caught it easily between two fingers. He allowed his eyebrows to arch gracefully.

"I hope you don't start all duels off that way," Draco said, tutting as he shook his head. "Won't make it long as wizard, will you?"

Draco stood there, sighing in annoyance and impatience as Luna worked to calm the overgrown rodent down. He glanced down at his wand, wondering what had come over him to crack jokes that really made him look bad. Now Weaselbee would likely go straight to Potter and tell him that it was Draco who was spreading the rumors about Granger.

Ah, well. Maybe it would give him some entertainment.

". . . I'll meet you there," Luna said, patting Ron's hand. "And then we can get some dessert."

"Fine," Weaselbee growled. "But I'm watching you from now on, Malfoy."

Perhaps if he and Potter spent more time watching Granger and less time watching Draco, then Granger wouldn't be in the Infirmary. He wanted to say that aloud, but knew that it would only be a waste of time. Arguing with the Red Weasel was like yelling at a troll. His pea-sized brain couldn't comprehend sentient thought.

As the Weasel stomped by, Draco let the boy's wand hang limply from his fingers. He didn't bother to look at Weaselbee as he snatched it away, and then he was gone. Draco fixed the lapels of his suit jacket and offered Luna a very Pureblood smile.

"Has she awoken?" Draco asked, repeating his earlier query.

Luna shook her head, one hand twisting its fingers in her long hair. "Unfortunately not. Madam Pomfrey said the attack caused her magic to put her in the state she's in. Malfoy, I heard that she asked for you? Is that true?"

Draco narrowed his eyes. Luna put on the appearance of being a bit of an airhead, as far as he could tell, but he had a feeling she was smarter than she acted. He wasn't sure she was trustworthy. In the end, though, what more damage could she do? The students at Hogwarts had a tendency to blindly believe rumors anyway. Whether he told her or not, witches and wizards would believe whatever they wanted.

"Don't worry," Luna said dreamily when he didn't answer. "I know the rumors aren't true. She made the decision to help your family, and has been struggling ever since with the gossip."

"It's true," he said shortly. "At least, the rumor about her asking for me. She did ask for me. I don't know why, but I was here to discover the truth."

"I see," she said softly. "Then it remains shrouded in mystery . . . You're right, you know. Harry and Ron aren't looking out for her as much as they should. I do feel happy to know you're looking out for her in some way, even if you may disagree."

Draco opened his mouth to speak, but was shocked into a stunned silence when he found himself on the pointed end of a long, silvery-white wand. He was impressed by her ability to catch him off guard. He knew he was probably faster than her, but he wasn't interested in dueling her.

"But do try to remember," Luna said, beaming up at him, wand pressed to his chest. "Hermione's my friend. I only hope I don't find out it's you who's hurt her."

All right. Not an airhead.

Draco nodded once, curtly. Obviously, he had nothing to worry about. He wasn't the one who'd hurt Granger; he was just the confused bloke who'd gotten dragged into it for reasons unknown.

Luna's eyes darted up to the top of his head, and then her smile became a close-lipped one of knowing.

"You've got more Nargles floating around your head than anyone I know. You must be overwhelmed, dealing with so much conflict."

What the fuck are Nargles? Draco tried not to look too confused.

"Good afternoon, Draco Malfoy." And Luna floated off, leaving Draco alone in the corridor.




 

 

Invisible


Aventine by Agnes Obel, This is You Throwing in the Towel by Slaves, and Writing on the Walls by Underoath

Draco POV

A few days after the incident outside the Infirmary, Granger returned.

Draco hadn't been able to attend breakfast that morning, having needed to hurry and complete an essay for Ancient Runes before it began. At lunch, he'd grabbed a sandwich and taken it back to his dorm room with him so he could grab a quick nap. So when he walked into Advanced Potions, he'd been surprised to see Granger sitting in her usual seat at the front. He'd forced himself not to stare for too long, keeping his eyes on Blaise as he sat down beside him.

"All right, Blaise?"

"Don't do that," Blaise said, waving a dismissive hand.

"Do what?"

"Deflect. I'm not daft. I know you've seen she's here. Are you going to speak to her?"

Draco blinked, taken aback by Blaise's forwardness. He shook his head slowly.

"Why would I speak to her?"

"You told the whole class she was fit, then she got attacked, and now everyone thinks it was you that did it," Blaise said, giving him a deadpan expression. He jerked his chin in the direction of her seat. "If you're interested in her, now's the time. You've got to speak to her. You know, swoop in on your broom, sweep her off her feet."

If Draco was interested in her?

Around them, the class was filling up. Potty and Weaselbee would arrive any minute, and Draco was too annoyed by his coursework that day to deal with their drama. He didn't need them overhearing Blaise and Draco discussing Granger and feet and - and sweeping.

"Zabini," Draco said, steepling his fingers in front of his face. "How do I explain this to you? I am not interested in Granger. There is nothing she has that I want. She's a trifling, full-of-herself swot, d'you hear me? A swot."

"But you do think she's fit," Blaise said, leaning back in his chair. He tipped it until the front two wooden legs lifted from the ground, and then laced his fingers behind his head.

Draco threw his gaze heavenward. "Didn't we already establish this when you fucked me over with Lesser Veritaserum?"

"Indeed," Blaise grinned wickedly. "I just wanted to hear you admit it."

"Well, I'm not going to. You'll never hear me utter those words again."

Blaise raised his eyebrows, and then a thought appeared to cross his mind as indicated by his facial expression. He tilted his head. "So you're saying . . . Swots aren't shaggable?"

"Not at all," Draco gave him a strange look. "Just not this particular swot. Not on my parchment."

"So . . ." He pursed his lips mischievously. "You're saying this swot may be shaggable on some parchments, just not your own?"

Draco looked up, trying to make sense of it. Then, nodded. "Yes."

"So Granger's fit."

"You said shaggable. Not fit. A bird can be shaggable without being fit. All birds are shaggable. And so are all blokes, for that matter."

"But you already said she was fit."

"I know what I said. But I take it back. Who even knows if your brew was accurate? I was under the influence."

"Under the - Draco. You've been the best at potions in our entire House since First Year. You helped me brew it."

"The brew was -"

"Perfect. The brew was perfect."

"I still take it back."

"So . . . On your parchment, as you say, Granger's not fit, but all birds are shaggable. Therefoooore . . . Granger issss . . . Help me out here." He waved his hand in an ongoing motion. "Granger issss . . . ?"

Draco glared at him. Tosser. He wasn't going to utter the words "Granger is shaggable" in the back of the Advanced Potions classroom. Especially not after she'd been in the Infirmary for a week from an unknown attack. Especially when a vast number of students thought he was her attacker.

The classroom was almost full. He wanted to be done with this conversation.

"No," Draco said. "I'm not - Blaise, you fucking wanker. No."

"But you said this particular swot isn't shaggable on your parchment!" His whispering came out as excited hissing. He jabbed his forefinger on the tabletop for emphasis. "That implies that there are parchments that exist that would mark her down as shaggable! Therefore, this particular swot is shaggable based upon the fact that there are parchments other than your own that exist. Unless you Malfoys are so dramatic that the only parchments you count as valid are your own."

Draco scrubbed his face with his hands. He said nothing, and lifted his eyes only briefly from the table when Potter and Weasel blazed into the room. They simultaneously shot him glares, and he sneered at them.

"Oi, Dramatic Malfoy," Blaise said, rapping the side of Draco's head with his knuckles. "You make things more complicated than they need to be."

"I do not," Draco said in a low tone. He'd had enough of this. "Now, be silent. Or else."

"Or else what? Your father will hear about this?"

Draco whirled to look at him, the two of them grinning at one another, and then Draco was laughing at himself and the insufferable prat he used to be.

"I'm just taking the piss out of ya, mate," Blaise said, and the two of them leaned forward and put their elbows on the table in front of them. "But don't sleep too easy. Before too long, I'll have you admitting the truth."

Draco rolled his eyes. There was no truth, but he let it go because arguing with Blaise was pointless. He turned everything into a joke.

Professor Slughorn spent the first half of the class lecturing and demonstrating potions at the front of the room. Draco propped his chin in his hand while he struggled to stay focused, having always hated lecturing. The only person he actually could stand it from was Severus, but he didn't like to think about that. He watched Slughorn using tiny leaves to show the different effects of a growth potion, wondering how much longer before he died of boredom.

About fifteen minutes in, Draco found his eyes sliding to the right, three rows up, to the front of the class. Granger sat there, back straight and head forward, hands scritch-scritching words back and forth across her parchment. Draco stifled the urge to scoff. He'd always figured that she was a note-taker. Draco was the type to listen and memorize everything because it wasn't that difficult to, but he supposed being gone for a week would make you need to take notes. But maybe she wasn't as smart as she wanted everyone to think she was.

Draco wondered if he should speak with her. He still wanted to know why she'd requested him to come, but at the same time, he felt like it was more trouble than it was worth. He'd been thinking about it so much that it was beginning to disturb him. In the past, he'd thought of Granger maybe once per 300 millenniums. Now it was beginning to get ludicrous. What if he spoke to her and she admitted some huge, undying love for him?

He'd be flattered, surely, but as to what to think beyond that, his mind was blank.

Yet when Draco thought about it, it was rather interesting to think about the fact that someone despised Granger more than everyone else, enough to use an Unforgivable on her in the castle. She was more than capable of defending herself with her wand. Whoever attacked her was taking a considerable risk in attacking the Golden Girl.

Draco sighed. He was being exactly the way Blaise had said he was: Difficult. He didn't have to care about Granger's well-being to want to solve the mystery behind the owlery incident. He was intrigued, not because he cared, but because the questions were piquing his curiosity. Did she have her wand, and why didn't she use it? Had she been alone, or with someone? Was she attacked from behind or the front? Had she argued with anyone that day?

But first: what exactly had the attack consisted of?

Granger lifted her hand from her parchment, set her quill down, and shook her hand out. Draco narrowed his eyes.

The cruciatus curse was a curse that Draco had plenty of experience with. He knew what it felt like to have it cast upon him from one of the world's most powerful dark wizards. Multiple times in a row, over the course of two years, Draco had been subjected to the mind-melting, fiery torture that was that particular curse. If it weren't for Draco's Occlumency, he knew he surely would have lost himself and his mind. So if anyone knew what a cruciatus victim looked like, it was him.

As Slughorn continued to drone on, ignorant of the multiple students who were downright snoring - including Blaise, Draco found that his mind had zeroed in on what Granger looked like from his vantage point.

She had her hair pulled up again today, this time in a pile of curls at the very top of her head with a couple stray ones coming down around her face. She wore her robes, trainers, and a simple gold bracelet around her wrist. Nothing out of the ordinary there, besides the haphazard mess that was her hair.

Draco looked deeper.

There was a slump to her shoulders that hadn't been there before, a downward slope that sung of defeat or possibly defense. One of her legs shook in that way one's leg bounces up and down when they're lost in thought, bored, or even anxious. She seemed to be writing every single word Slughorn spoke, her hand flying across the parchment with an almost inhuman speed. Hyperfocusing. Every so often, she would take a deep, heaving breath. When she exhaled, she would glance to her left and right as though taking the breath had put her at some great physical risk.

Draco focused on her hands, looking for something specific.

Granger wrote for a solid three minutes without stopping, left-handed. Draco was tall enough still while sitting to lift his chin and see the quill moving with ease to form her neat, curly handwriting. Slughorn stopped speaking for another few minutes, demonstrating a few things with the potion he was currently displaying, and Granger finally set down her quill. She rested her hand against the tabletop. Another heaving breath.

Come on, he thought in determination, his eyes peering directly at her hands. Come on.

And then he saw it.

Her hand twitched. It was by no means subtle, and was more of a convulsing tremble. When it occurred, his eyes snapped up to her head to see if he could see her face. She glanced down at her hand, watched it continuing to quiver for a few moments, and then she cradled it in her lap. Yet another heaving breath. She hung her head.

Draco felt his heart pounding a bit faster. Was it a lingering piece of the cruciatus? Or just a cramp in her hand? He couldn't be sure. He needed to keep watching her.

Merlin must have been looking upon Draco, because Slughorn partnered him and Granger together. They were making a run-of-the-mill Calming Draught today, and so Draco planned to stand back and watch her hands as much as possible.

"Have fun," Blaise teased before he walked over to his partner.

Draco rolled his eyes, but stood up and went to Granger's spot before she got up. He looked down into her face, hurrying to put his Occlumency walls up so she wouldn't see in his eyes that he was trying to deduce what had happened to her.

Granger looked quite unwell, with dark shadows under her eyes and a pale pallor to her skin tone. She was hunched slightly, now that he was close enough to see, and to be quite frank, she looked like she was nauseous or would be better off back in the Infirmary.

"Malfoy," she greeted with a frown, but there was no bite to her tone.

He crossed his arms over his chest, his robes moving with him as he did. "Granger."

She slowly stood up, placing her hands atop the table as she did so. Draco watched as she wordlessly turned and started towards the cauldron shelves. The other students in the class moved out of her way as she trudged forward. Draco tore his eyes away from her, catching sight of a worried-looking Saint Potter watching her from his seat.

Draco could already see how this was going to go from the moment she managed to drag a cauldron off of the lowest shelf. She nearly toppled over.

He really wished he could just use wingardium leviosa and sneak the cauldron to the table to avoid this embarrassing sight, but unfortunately, Slughorn didn't allow use of wands unless it was specifically for brewing. The day that a series of cauldrons all smacked into the back of Weaselbee's head was to blame for that one.

Draco sighed and crossed the space in five quick strides, grasping the edges of the rim of the cauldron just as she dropped it. She dragged her eyes up to his for a second and then averted them.

"Thanks," she mumbled, and then she went to gather the ingredients they would need.

Draco followed Granger to the cupboards, reaching above her head before she could and opening it. She stared up at him almost in a daze, and Draco merely tilted his head in the direction of their seats.

"Back to the table, Granger," he grumbled. "I won't have you spilling the ingredients all over the floor."

"Do you know the ingredients by heart?" It was the first thing she'd said to him, but she wasn't looking at him.

"What, d'you think I don't know how to brew a simple Calming Draught?" His voice dripped with indignance. "You've been gone for several days, not two score years."

Granger flinched. She actually flinched at Draco's tone. His eyes widened marginally, shock blooming in his chest. Now he was even more curious.

Once they were back at the table, Draco stood across from Granger and delegated her with the task of crushing the beetle shells while he shucked dried snake skins. He worked quickly, his eyes barely leaving Granger as she slowly went about her tasks.

It was eerie. She didn't even seem like herself.

Draco desperately wanted to take a page out of her book and use Legilimency. He was adept at it, though not as much as at Occlumency, so he knew he could get his answers that way if he did. But using Legilimency without consent, in his opinion, was not proper.

However as time went on, it became clear that she was a mess. She couldn't hold the knife. She dropped it a total of three times before Draco snapped. It was pathetic, and he couldn't deny that it made him feel odd to watch her hand twitching like that, her brow furrowing and lips pressing together into a thin line. He wasn't blind. She was in pain, and she was trying to pretend that she wasn't.

"Give me that," he said harshly, leaning over to snatch the knife and tray from her. He crushed the beetles in a few seconds and dropped them into the cauldron.

Draco finished the potion himself, sneaking glances at Granger every so often. She had her hands at her sides most of the time, clenching and unclenching. If it was the cruciatus, which Draco believed it was by now, then what she was experiencing were the phantom throes of the curse-induced pain. They weren't real, but because the magic clung to your own magic for a time after the curse was lifted, it tricked your body into spasming as though it were still experiencing the curse. It was very painful and required potions, spells, and special massage of the hands to manage it.

When the potion was complete, he looked over the top of her head at each of her best friends in turn. Neither of them were going to have any clue how to help her. It was piteous, seeing her look so small when her personality was so large. He almost wanted to pick a fight with her, just to see some life in her eyes. But he knew what it was like to be crucioed. She was going to need help.

Draco had gotten himself so lost in thought that he didn't notice that his hand was creeping across the tabletop toward where hers was resting. He'd gotten so focused on his thoughts that his brain decided to react upon instinct. The muscles of her hands were visibly quivering, and he knew the right type of massage . . . Maybe if he just . . .

The very tips of his fingers lightly brushed the soft skin of hers, and she jumped. She stared up at him with wide eyes, snatching her hand against her chest where it continued to tremble. Draco, horrified with himself, fixed her with a dark look to distract her.

"Your hands are causing trouble," he said. "If it weren't for me, we never would have completed this potion."

Granger's eyes studied his and for a moment, Draco was actually hoping she'd snap back at him so they could bicker. At least then he could forget that he'd actually tried to lend comfort to her.

"I'm sorry," she said, and her voice was a whisper.

Draco's facial expression was one of quiet alarm. Whatever happened to her on the stairs outside the owlery had affected her more than he expected. She wasn't even acting like the Granger he knew.

Outside in the corridors, he and Blaise walked behind the Golden Trio to their next class.

"All right?" Blaise asked.

Draco nodded, waving a dismissive hand at him. He couldn't believe that he was obsessing over this. He'd spent the past week weaving in and out of wanting to know and not wanting to know, and now that he'd seen her in person, his blatant need to have answers was winning out. There was no way he could ignore a cruciatus curse on Hogwarts grounds, not when it was Granger - not when he still had nightmares about the night at the Manor.

"Notice her hands?" he asked, watching the way Granger didn't pay attention to Potter and the Weasel talking above her head. Peons. They were so oblivious, so stupid. They didn't even notice her hands, her slackened shoulders, or her slow gait.

Blaise nodded. "Proper dodgy. What d'you think?"

Draco rubbed his chin. "My galleon's on the cruciatus, I'm sure of it. The fact that someone got away with it intrigues me as well. I'd have to be daft to ask why she was attacked, what with everything that's happened. What I do find curious, however, is the timing. Why now? Why would they wait this long to attack, rather than just blasting her fresh off the train?"

Blaise chuckled.

Draco tensed, tearing his eyes off of the Golden Trio. They hadn't noticed they were being followed.

"Something funny, Zabini?"

"Imagine if you put as much energy into solving the crime, as it were, as you do into pretending you don't fancy her."

Draco's eyes flashed. "You're barmy."

"It's all in your head, mate. I'm perfectly sane. You're barmy if you think you're hiding it as well as you like to believe you are."

"All in my head?" he hissed indignantly, and then his train of thought screeched to a halt.

Head.

His eyes narrowed. Blaise was right about one thing: Draco could solve this crime. He wasn't the most skilled Legilimens in the world, but his Occlumency more than made up for that fact. It would be wrong, of course, to invade the mind of the poor girl. But Draco had never been one for following the rules. And if he didn't see what happened, he'd never know where to begin with the hunt.

Draco sighed. It was the only way. He was sure she'd thank him later.

He held his finger to his lips and shot Blaise a serious look. Blaise appeared perplexed, but when Draco tapped his two forefingers against his temple and smirked, realization dawned on him. Blaise's face hardened and he nodded, and then the two of them walked on in silence. They followed Granger, Potty, and Weaselbee along the hallways, and then he saw them break apart. Granger went to the left down towards Defense Against the Dark Arts; Saint Potter and the Weasel went to the right, towards the moving staircases.

Blaise gestured to an alcove ahead of her, and Draco nodded.

Draco waited until she was next to the alcove, and then he sped up his pace. Then, following his trend of feeling a completely uncharacteristic desperation for answers, he did something . . . Well, improper.

"Granger."

She jumped and whipped around, looking terrified. Their eyes locked.

"Legilimens," he whispered.

Granger collapsed as Draco sunk into her mind, his icy magic slicing into her memories like butter. He caught her as she fell and walked them backwards in the alcove, all the while picking through the images in her thoughts. Blaise stood in front of the opening to keep watch, and Draco held the girl by her elbows as he searched for her memories from that night. Her mind didn't fight him, though he was sure it was because she likely had no experience with Occlumency, and she sagged against him with her head tilted backward.

Draco knew this was wrong. It was completely and utterly wrong to use Legilimency on her in the state she was in, but he needed to know more. He needed answers. He didn't know exactly why, he just knew that he needed to find out what happened and who did it.

He watched her memory from that night, listening to her screams of agony filling his head. It sounded exactly like her screams had beneath Aunt Bella's wand, and having to hear them again caused his grip on Granger's elbows to tighten. Theo had been accurate about his depiction of Granger's cries. He'd never heard her sound like that, pleading like a small child.

When Draco slid out of her mind, something within him wouldn't allow him to do it quickly. He did it gently so as not to hurt her, and she blinked rapidly up at him.

"Why did you . . . ?" she murmured weakly, hands curled tightly around the lapels of his blazer.

"I needed to know," he said, voice rough. And then, suddenly realizing her body was pressed up against his and his hands held her arms, he dropped his hold. She let go of his jacket, appearing embarrassed.

Then, a flash of anger flew across her honey-brown irises, and she drew back against the wall. She produced her wand from within her sleeve.

"I didn't consent to Legilimency being used on my mind, Malfoy." Her voice was as hard as steel, but it didn't seem threatening. Draco could tell that the attack had dampened her spirits a bit, that much was certain from the brevity and vehemence with which the attack had taken place. Granger seemed to understand that she could no more protect herself from Legilimency than she could a crucio to the back.

A sinking feeling twisted through his gut as his eyes studied her face. He saw how much unlike herself she was, standing before him. She'd drawn her wand, yes, but she hadn't even lifted it. He sneered. It was pitiful.

"No wonder you got blindsided, witch," he muttered, leaning down to grab her wrist. She jumped and her shaking hand tightened, but he merely pulled it up and held her wand against his own throat. "If you're going to threaten a wizard, go the full Quidditch pitch. Don't just stop at the stands."

Her lips parted, and Draco could hear her breathing from where he stood. In her eyes, he saw a familiar look, one that he'd seen quite often in his own eyes when gazing into mirrors during Sixth Year.

Fear.

Draco's lips twitched, irritation flooding him. He supposed he couldn't be too offended. He'd never shown her any form of kindness, and she'd not seen her attacker. It was easy to believe he might've done it.

"It wasn't me," he said, his fingers moving away from her hand and wrapping firmly around the base of her wand above where her grip was. With his other hand, he patted her elbow. "Straighten your arm. The only time you should bend it at the elbow is when you're turning or moving. If you use your wrist to make the wand movements, you'll be able to cast multiple spells in quick succession much easier. A straighter arm means more distance between you and your opponent. Not all Purebloods are opposed to violence the Muggle way."

Hesitation, and then she drew her shoulders back and did as he asked. She straightened out her arm, forcing the tip of the wand firmly against his flesh. He found he rather liked this Granger, the kind that did what he asked without spouting off about it.

"I have dueled in a war, you know," she said, and her voice was barely above a whisper. "I know how to wield my wand."

Draco regarded her coolly. Yes, she had fought in the war. She'd fought in the war and done very well. He could say that without feeling something about it because it was factual. Their side won.

But there was one thing she wasn't understanding.

"Granger," he said, "you were attacked and crucioed because you operate under the assumption that no one's watching you. You think no one's paying attention to you anymore, and so you let your guard down. You flit about this castle, arms laden with books and eyes on the floor, and you think you're safe because no one's talking to you anymore. Knowing how to wield a wand's got nothing to do with it if you can't understand that you're never more safe than your enemies want you to feel."

Granger bit her lip, her eyes searching the ground as her thoughts flickered across her face. She lowered her wand, fingering the wood with both of her trembling hands. Then she looked up at him, brows knitting together.

"And are you one of them?"

"One of whom?" The alcove they stood in was small, shadowed, and their voices remained hushed. Blaise's back was to them, and Draco knew he was listening, but he gave no indication that he'd heard their words. Draco felt so bizarre, standing and having a conversation like this with Granger. He'd never done more than banter with her, hurling insults to ensure she knew how he felt.

"My enemies."

Draco reached up and ran his hands through his hair. He didn't know how to articulate the fact that he felt like he should be her only enemy. No one else could match her tit-for-tat. She needed to open her eyes and see that she wasn't as inconsequential as she thought. The fact that everyone disliked her this year was because she was an important person. Unimportant people didn't have their decisions scrutinized by tens of thousands of people.

He was her enemy, yes, but not in the way she was implying. He gritted his teeth, unsure of the meaning behind what he was about to say.

"I would never hurt you."

She studied his face, her eyes wide with surprise, and then she slipped her wand up into her sleeve. Draco caught sight of a wand holster around her wrist.

Smart little Golden Girl, he thought. She hadn't had that on in the memory he'd just seen. Would things have been different for her had she possessed it?

"If someone attacks you from behind," Draco said finally, letting his hands fall to his sides, "it's because you're not paying attention. Don't wait for someone to pay attention to you. Keep your eyes off the floor, Granger."

Granger nodded and then took a step forward. She wobbled for a moment, placing a trembling hand to her brow. She squeezed her eyes shut, and Draco smoothed his hand through his hair again.

"You'll have a headache for a bit," he said. "Nasty side effect."

"All right?" Blaise turned and stepped into the alcove.

Granger just nodded, looking warily between the two taller boys. Upon seeing the look in her eyes, Draco cleared his throat.

"It wasn't either of us," he said, ensuring that his Occlumency walls remained upright. "If that's what you're thinking, Granger."

Granger nodded, but she maintained her cautious facial expression as she let her wand fall from her sleeve again. She held it tightly at her side, but did not brandish it. Half of Draco's mouth curved up in a mirthless smile at the sight. He wouldn't expect anything less from her.

"I've got class," she said, voice remaining more guarded than normal.

"By all means," Blaise said, and then he stepped to the side.

Granger hesitated for a moment before slowly making her way between the two of them. Draco and Blaise exchanged glances above her head. It was like she wasn't even the swot Draco'd known for seven years. She was a shell. It was disturbing.

When she was gone, Blaise frowned.

"What did you find out?" The look in his eyes showed Draco that Blaise had indeed been eavesdropping on their conversation.

"I need to see Theo."

Dinner was a bit tense, though Draco was sure no one noticed it but him, Blaise, and Theo. Together the three of them claimed the very end of the Slytherin end of the table, Theo next to Draco, and Blaise across from them.

"How many times did the wizard or witch cast it?" Theo whispered, brow rumpled with concern.

"I counted five," Draco said, careful to keep less emotion showing in his voice.

He was feeling conflicted about it all. He pitied Granger for so many reasons, namely her friends' lack of ability to protect her from this sort of thing, and the obvious amount of pain her memory had showed him. His ears felt like they were ringing. He couldn't stop replaying the screams in his head over and over, and it unsettled him. The sound of them was more discomforting than the fact that he was thinking about Granger as anything other than a bother.

"Merlin, five?" Blaise hissed. "Bloody fuckin' Hell, mate. You ever been crucioed, Theo?"

Theo shook his head. "You?"

"Once. And that was enough for me." Blaise shot Draco a grave look.

"You don't have to answer that, mate," Theo said to the blond.

Draco nodded, not really feeling up to trying to tell them. He'd lost count a month after the Dark Lord moved in.

The three of them threw a couple glances down the table. Granger sat between Potter and the Weasel, who were talking amiably with everyone around them. Draco felt a sneer curling his lips upward. He didn't understand why everyone thought they were so great. Their best friend was sitting between them, continuously dropping her fork from lingering cruciatus pain, and they didn't even notice. That was the difference between a Malfoy and one of their ilk. Draco would never sit by and let that happen if it were Pansy or Daphne.

"Who d'you think's done it?" Theo asked. "Did she see anything?"

"No," Draco answered, still not tearing his eyes away from Granger. She looked angry, but it seemed to be directed at the plate. She kept trying to keep the fork in her hand for more than one bite at a time.

How is no one else able to see this?

"Well, did she hear anything? Any voices?" Blaise asked.

"Nothing beyond the initial casting. Trust me, once you're under the curse, none of your senses work." Draco scoffed. Granger had tried to grip her tea with both hands. A spasm shook them and tossed the liquid onto Weaselbee's plate. He didn't look happy. Did those oafs have no experience with Unforgivables?

"Draco. Quit ogling Granger. Either go over there and help her yourself, or figure this out with us," Blaise scolded, snapping his fingers.

Draco started, his head swinging to look at Blaise. He narrowed his eyes into slits. He didn't know if he was just in a bad mood or agitated, but he wanted to hex Blaise.

Dinner passed by smoothly, if you could call bickering with Blaise smooth. Draco just couldn't seem to keep his mind focused, and it was infuriating. Every chance he got, he snuck looks at the Golden Trio. He didn't know what he was looking for, or waiting for, but his mind just kept telling him to keep watching.

The last time Draco had felt this inquisitive was during Fifth Year when his job underneath Umbridge had been to study students and wait for mistakes. It was simple enough to watch Saint Potter, hoping for him to slip up. Draco didn't know what his idea of a slip-up was, nor what he would do when they inevitably made an error. What Draco did know was that he wanted them to mess up. Once they did, once they fucked up so bad that Granger opened her eyes and realized they weren't seeing her, then he could . . . Then he could . . .

What?

Then he could do what?

Draco's mind had gone blank.

Towards the end of the meal, Granger got up and started heading towards the Eighth Year Slytherins. Blaise and Theo straightened up when they saw her, but Draco maintained his position. He had one foot up on the bench, his arm slung across his knee, eating an apple casually as he watched and waited.

"Nott." Granger came to stand beside where they sat. "Zabini. Malfoy."

Now Draco turned, putting both of his feet on the floor outside of the bench and resting his elbows behind him. He regarded her coolly, waiting to hear what she had to say. Beside them, the other Slytherins were watching in poorly-concealed disgust and revulsion, and curious gazes were coming from the younger students at the other tables.

"All right, Granger?" Theo asked.

"Quite," she said. Her hands were still trembling, and she clenched them around the hem of her skirt in a rather obvious attempt to mask it. She looked Theo directly in the eyes, holding her chin high. "I wanted to come and personally give my thanks to you. For helping me."

Draco looked at Theo, who was giving her a most un-Slytherin smile. He thought it was strange.

"It was no trouble, Hermione," Theo said, and the sudden use of her first name by his friend caused Draco to look at him. He was still smiling up at her from where he sat and to Draco, it looked very much like he fancied Granger.

Draco honestly had no idea how he felt about that.

She abruptly nodded and then turned to go, starting back down the length of the table. Draco watched her, wondering why that whole event felt like an 'event' in the first place, and why he felt so invested. His eyes slid to the left, where he saw Potter and Weaselbee were peering over with suspicion, and it triggered annoyance within him.

"There they go again," he muttered.

"Who?" Blaise asked.

"Saint Potter and Weaselbee," Draco said, still leaning back on his elbows as he watched Granger sit down in her spot between the Golden Duo. "Only paying attention to Granger when she's in what they perceive to be danger."

"Why do you care, Malfoy?"

Crabbe's sudden outburst from the other side of the couple Slytherin Eighth Years who sat between them caught Draco off guard. He shot Crabbe a bemused look.

"What?"

"You 'eard me," Crabbe said, ripping off a chunk of his bread with his teeth. He gestured to Draco with it. "You've been eye-fucking the Mudblood whore all night. What, Voldemort's dead, da's in Azkaban, and you turn blood traitor?"

Draco stared at him for second, feeling rage starting to brew within him. Draco leaned forward with his forearms on his knees, taking a bite of his apple.

"Sod off, Crabbe, you dodgy fuck," was all he said. He didn't even know how to respond to the buffoon.

He didn't know how to respond to his own anger.

After dinner, Draco sat down on a couch in the common room with Blaise and Theo. There were quite a few Eighth Year students gathered around, drinking firewhiskey, talking and laughing, and playing games. By the fireplace across from the couch Draco had chosen, Crabbe stood drinking with Pansy and Goyle, looking stoic as usual. A group of Gryffindors had gathered in the small kitchenette, chattering raucously about the professors. Amidst those in the kitchen stood Granger and Potter, and the Weaselbee sat playing wizard's chess with Luna Lovegood at a table near the boy's stairs.

"Crabbe's a real odd bloke, yeah?" Theo said. "Do you think he's the one that done it?"

Draco folded his hands behind his head, glaring openly across the common room. It felt like the Slytherins were split down the middle. Like Pansy and Goyle had chosen one side while Blaise and Theo chose the other.

"Not sure," Draco muttered. "But I wouldn't be surprised. Bloke's dodgy. Knows her class schedule, too."

"Whole situation's fucked, mates," Blaise said, sighing. Then, he looked to Draco. "There's only one way to find out for sure."

Draco exchanged glances with him. He didn't have to say it out loud. The best way to find out the truth was through Legilimency.

Blaise and Theo began to chat. Draco tuned them out, stealing a glance over to the kitchenette. Granger sat on the countertop, her eyes bright as she listened to the conversation of her friends. To someone less deductive than he, it would appear that she was just sitting there, content. But Draco knew. It was the face of a girl who was pretending to be included.

Could she get any more desperate? And what was wrong with her friends? Draco knew his fellow Slytherins would never let him make a fool out of himself like that. In any case, Malfoys got attention, they didn't give it.

As if she could hear his thoughts, she glanced casually around the room. Draco's eyes locked with hers and he didn't bother to look away. He wondered if she could see how ridiculous he thought she was being in his eyes.

You're the Golden Girl, he thought, as though she really could hear. You defeated Voldemort. Why are you acting like such a pathetic bint?

Her eyes darted about for a bit, and then she turned her attention back to what Pothead was spouting off about. A chorus of laughs rang out.

"What should we do then, mate?" Blaise rapped his knuckles on the top of Draco's shoulder. "About Crabbe?"

Draco leaned forward on his thighs, glowering at Crabbe. He could feel it: there was a tension in the air that hadn't been there before his outburst at dinner. It was so thick that it could be sliced through with a spell.

Who did Crabbe think he was, talking to Draco Malfoy the way that he had in the Great Hall? He still remembered the days when Crabbe could be bought off with a few galleons and a cupcake. He looked at him and saw the guy who used to follow after him like a pathetic dog, doing whatever Draco told him to do. Calling him a blood-traitor? Talking about his father? Bringing up the Dark Lord? He'd known something was off about Crabbe since term started.

Draco's eyes slowly narrowed. Crabbe hated Granger more than anyone else he knew. He'd made that abundantly clear. The person who'd attacked Granger had used an Unforgivable so strong that it had rendered her into a ghost for the amount of time that Draco had seen her that day. A curse so strong that her magic core forced her body into a magical coma for a week to cope. A curse so strong that she hadn't even been able to eat because her hands were shaking and spasming so violently. And Draco, unlike Granger's precious Potter and Weasel, had been the one to figure it all out.

Draco only knew one person who harbored that much hatred inside for Hermione Granger.

He watched Crabbe intently, waiting for his opportunity. When Crabbe took a sip of his firewhiskey and then laughed at something Goyle said, his eyes fell absentmindedly on Draco. The second his eyes locked with Crabbe's, he whispered the word.

"Legilimens."

No one noticed as Draco's magic slammed into Crabbe's. He was not gentle with Crabbe, not by any stretch of the imagination, and he made sure that every slash of his magic forced Crabbe to divulge any secret he could possibly have. On the outside, Crabbe staggered slightly, gripping the mantle for support, and Goyle and Pansy looked perplexed.

Draco tore through the oaf's memories, not bothering to stop and look at anything that didn't reek of Granger. Draco knew it hurt Crabbe - he ensured that it did.

And then he found it. The memory of that night. It was hazy around the edges, and Draco could not tell if it was truly a memory, or just a dream. It matched Granger's version almost exactly, but from behind. Draco watched it, watched her body go down, her face contorting as she became nothing in front of Crabbe. She wasn't even Granger - she was just a girl. A poor creature, begging in a way that she would never beg were she aware of her faculties.

When she started scraping her hands and nails against the ground in agony, ripping her nails up from the beds and spreading blood all over the stairs, Draco felt his rage increase tenfold. He didn't even know why he was so mad. He'd spent his school years hating her. This was Granger. Why did watching her in pain make him so angry?

Tell me what this is, Draco thought to Crabbe. He could hear that students in the common room had started to notice that Crabbe was stumbling about like a drunk. But he never tore his eyes away, never broke the connection.

Dream, Crabbe was forced to think in return.

Draco didn't believe him. He increased his Legilimency attack, bearing down on Crabbe until he was screaming in his mind in a similar way to the way he'd made Granger scream.

It's a dream, Malfoy! Crabbe thought, and in reality, his fists clenched at his sides. It's just what I wish I could have done!

Draco's mind was spinning. He didn't know what he was doing. This was Granger that Crabbe had attacked. Hermione Granger. Draco hated her. Her overly large teeth that she constantly used spells to shrink down when they were younger. Her bushy hair that made her look like she lived in a forest. Her stupid need to insert random facts into class discussions. Her hand, shooting up into the air as she struggled to prove to everyone around her that she was intelligent.

Her struggle to make her own friends see her.

This was Granger that Crabbe had possibly attacked, or yearned to attack. If anyone was going to give Granger a hard time, it was going to be Draco Malfoy.

No one else.

Draco ripped himself out of Crabbe's mind, leaving it rent into throbbing, pulsating pieces, and then stood up. Blaise was saying something to him, but Draco had lost himself to the emotion. He'd never expressed himself this way, never allowed himself to completely lean into anything like this before.

Finally, when Draco had shook the fog away, he saw that Crabbe was on his knees. Several students had crowded around him, asking after him. The Gryffindors had fallen silent, all watching the fireplace to see what was going on. Granger was sliding down off the counter, brow furrowed in concern as she watched from afar. Draco snorted at that. She wouldn't be so concerned if she'd seen what he was dreaming about.

"What'd you see?" Theo asked. "Was it him?"

Draco turned his withering stare on him, and Theo's head recoiled as though he'd been slapped. Blaise seemed to get the hint, holding his hands up in surrender. Draco sneered. He'd seen enough.

It was time to confront Crabbe.

The blond crossed the common room and came to stand in front of the fireplace, leaving Blaise and Theo behind to stand by the couch they'd been on. Everyone in the common room fell into hushed whispers as Draco began to speak, curious as to why Draco was glaring down at Crabbe instead of helping him up.

"You know what I can't figure out, Crabbe," Draco said, arms crossed over his chest. He was still blazing hot with ire. He was already moving the train out of the station, full speed ahead. He was 99.9% sure he knew what he was doing.

Crabbe looked up from the floor, glaring daggers at him. Pansy's eyes flitted back and forth from Crabbe to Draco and back again. Several more students had gathered nearby, including the Potter Saint and Granger. Everyone knew something was about to happen.

"What I can't figure it out is how someone as clumsy as you was able to do it. You're not cunning. You're not even smart." Draco said, his eyes flicking to Granger's and then back to Crabbe's. "Did you follow her after dinner, or were you already waiting up there for her?"

"Fuck you, Malfoy," Crabbe spat, hauling himself to his feet.

"Come on, Crabbe," Draco said, and his smile was the chilling, calm smile he'd only ever used as a Death Eater. "Come on and tell us how you taught the filthy little Mudblood a lesson."

Granger flinched from where Draco could see her, but when Draco glanced at her again, she wasn't looking at him. She was looking at Crabbe, her hand over her mouth in shock.

Crabbe's eyes narrowed. "What're you playin' at, Malfoy?"

"I'm just curious, is all," Draco said, adjusting his black tie. "Did she scream? For how long did she plead? Did you get to see her cry like you wanted?"

Crabbe balled his hands into his fists, his wand already at his side. "Shut up, you wanker. Shut up, or I'll make you."

"You hate Granger so much that you imagined yourself using the cruciatus curse on her," Draco stated, brows low over his stormy, blazing silver eyes. He glanced by the fireplace couch. Granger stood there, her hands held over her stomach, face looking sickly. The sight only fueled Draco onward.

"I wish I would have done it," Crabbe snarled, stepping into Draco's airspace. Sweat beaded on his forehead in the aftermath of Draco's Legilimency, but other than that, he didn't seem fazed. "I wish I would have been the one to do it so I could see her cry."

Murmurs of alarm, horror, and anger began to ripple amongst the students. Draco saw Lovegood and Weaselbee heading over, and by Granger, Potter was beginning to inch forward with his wand and a snarl on his face.

Draco's eyes studied Crabbe's. He was sick. Something was wrong with him. He wasn't normal. He'd only ever known one person who had been more cold, more cruel, and more sadistic than Voldemort, and it was someone he hoped to never meet again. A creature who spoke with his claws and told lies with his teeth. Fenrir Greyback. A flash of saffron-yellow eyes and bared fangs streaked across Draco's mind's eyes.

He didn't know what came over him. Maybe it was the anger. Maybe it was how repulsive Crabbe was. Or maybe it was the fact that Granger's pleas were echoing in his ears. Whatever it was, it made him react on pure, primal instinct. He didn't care how Muggle it was.

Draco clenched his left hand into a fist, hauled back, and slammed it into the center of Crabbe's face. Satisfaction curved his lips up into a smirk as he felt his knuckles connecting with Crabbe's fleshy nose. He shook his hand out, feeling the shocks of pain running through his fingers, and he didn't regret it one bit.

Everyone gasped, almost as if it were some sort of play, and Pansy shrieked like a banshee.

Granger suddenly came forward, apparently discontent with a Malfoy fighting her battles. Draco looked down beside him and saw a pile of curls atop a head. She pointed a trembling wand at Crabbe, and she looked livid.

"You're repugnant, Crabbe," Granger said in that matter-of-fact tone she always used, finally sounding like the swot that Draco knew. "This is a new wizarding world, and there's no place in it for people who hold your viewpoints. You may not have been the one who cursed me, but dreaming about it is sick and it's wrong."

Crabbe tore his eyes away from where they were trained on Draco and glared down at Granger. She only held her wand higher, and she looked for all the world like she was bigger than him, not the other way around. Her arm was straight as an arrow, just like Draco taught her that afternoon. He could see that even though her muscles still spasmed, her resolve never once faltered in her eyes. He'd seen that look many times before while he stood on the receiving end of her wand. He smirked.

Someone was in trouble.

Granger began to slash her wand through the air, sending jinxes towards Crabbe one after another. Crabbe fought against her, and Draco lifted his own wand to help. It must have looked a sight, Granger and Draco on one side, Crabbe on the other, red and green sparks shooting back and forth.

Draco didn't care how it looked. He didn't need to be someone's friend to fight by their side. He'd learned as much from choosing the wrong side in the war.

Granger lunged forward on one foot, whipping around in a circle to send a particularly stinging bombarda his way. She stumbled as she did so and Draco saw Crabbe's wand flashing. Draco acted on instinct, grabbing Granger's arm and shoving her behind his body with one hand. With his other, he twisted his wand in a circle and countered Crabbe's curse with ease. He sent a more powerful curse back to the brute, and it smashed into his chest, winding him.

The Eighth Year students watched the duel for a good three minutes, their faces open with their astoundment at what they were seeing. Draco had a feeling that after today, after this incident, it was going to be nearly impossible to quell the rumors that Granger and he had that clandestine arrangement the wizarding world seemed to think they had.

Potter suddenly leapt forward, apparently finally seeming to notice that Draco had his hand on Hermione's arm. He brandished his wand, lightning fast.

"Expelliarmus!" Crabbe's wand flew out of his hand and Harry caught it in the air. "Someone go get McGonagall!"

Several students sprung to action, but the majority of them just stood there, talking and gossiping amongst themselves about what they'd just witnessed. Scarhead grasped Granger's hand and yanked her away from Draco, who just continued to glower down at Crabbe.

Suddenly, while the lull stretched on, Crabbe jumped to his feet and lunged. He shoved Potter aside, sending the smaller boy crashing to the stone ground. Before anyone could react, in a move most Muggle of him, Crabbe had his hands around Granger's throat. Her fingers were clawing at his hands, her eyes bulging out of her skull as he squeezed her trachea with the full force of his muscles. He lifted her bodily, and Draco saw her legs kicking faintly.

Draco wasted no time.

"Sectumsempra!" Draco hissed, lips curled in a snarl as the word rolled off of his tongue.

His wand moved in a slashing motion, and then Crabbe's blood spurted outward and coated Granger's face and chest in a crimson spray of ichor. She didn't even scream. She just fell to her knees and held her hands palms-up in front of her. She stared at them in wide-eyed horror, watching them tremble with more than just lingering cruciatus pains.

"Hermione!" Draco saw Luna crumpling down beside her, wrapping her arms around her. The Red Weasel was there, too, trying to haul both girls backward out of the line of fire.

The portrait entrance opened and the students who had left, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Bill Weasley came bursting into the room.

"What is the meaning of this?!' McGonagall cried. "What's going on here?!'

As she rushed over, Professor Weasley hot on her heels, Draco took a step back. He turned to greet the professors, to tell them what happened and try to explain why he'd used the curse.

He didn't get the chance.

Crabbe whirled around, barely fazed by the gaping wound in the chest of his robes. Next thing Draco knew, Crabbe had pounced. Forgetting himself, Draco threw his arms up on instinct and dropped his wand. Crabbe crashed into him and took them both down to the floor of the common room. Draco felt Crabbe's fingernails slicing across his arm, sharper than was normal for a wizard, and then there was blood seeping through the tears in the arm of his blazer. He didn't have the time to be confused about how fingernails could do that sort of damage before Blaise's hands were on his wrists, dragging him to his feet. He was reminded of Third Year, when the hippogriff had scratched him, but this was different. He was older, and he'd been clawed into by a human being.

Professor Weasley dashed the rest of the way over, his wand out. "Petrificus Totalus!"

Crabbe turned blue and went rigid, his limbs snapping together. Like a log, he went down.

In a daze, Draco tried to see the wound on his arm. It hurt worse than anything he'd experienced before, but he wasn't about to act like a First Year in front of everyone and show it. Professor McGonagall came to Draco to inspect the wound, flustered and livid.

Hermione sat on the fireplace couch with Luna to her right, her hands trembling more violently than they had been before. Potter was on her other side, and he cast scourgify and tergeo until there was no more blood on her face, clothes, and hair. Weaselbee stood next to his older brother, the professor, and discussed what to do with the culprit, Crabbe. Said wizard lay frozen on the floor, fodder for the ogling eyes of the Eighth Year students that were still scattered around. And Draco stood there, barely acknowledging the fact that his arm was gushing blood as he swayed on his feet.

McGonagall then ordered Draco to the Infirmary immediately, instructing him to come to her office first thing the next morning. Draco signaled to Theo and Blaise, who followed after him with concerns and questions, and Draco hadn't been able to answer them. He didn't throw Granger a glance as they collected their wands and left.

He was completely ashamed of himself. He couldn't believe he'd let his temper get to that point, and for her. It made no sense to him, and even if he wanted to, he couldn't hope to make any sense of it. As he strode toward the Infirmary, Draco was still mad about the fact that Potter was sitting next to her on the couch, pretending to be a Good Friend now that she was hurt. He knew the war was over and things were different, but did everyone have to treat him like he was a saint? Draco saw Granger existing in a world of her own making every day, ignored by the people she called friends. That didn't seem very saintlike to him.

Draco felt drained. His arm hurt. His head was throbbing from putting so much of his anger into the Legilimency attack. He felt like an idiot. He had no idea what he'd accomplished, because Crabbe had insisted he hadn't been the one to cast the curse. He'd attacked Granger in the midst of the stampede, but Crabbe hated her already, so it could've been attributed to that. Draco had been able to enter Crabbe's mind, but nothing looked normal in there. He couldn't tell if his thoughts were thoughts, dreams, or memories. He still had no idea for certain who had used the cruciatus on Granger, and it was all because Draco's anger had overwhelmed him and made his Legilimency inaccurate.

No, Crabbe had to have done it. Draco knew. He just had to convince McGonagall tomorrow. That wanker would be on the next Hogwarts Express train back to London.

It was at this time that Draco sort-of wished he was in Second Year again. That way he could write to his father.



 

Invisible


Someone Else by Aftertheparty, Southern Weather by The Almost, and Only Love (Acoustic) by PVRIS

Draco POV

Draco woke with bloody nail beds.

He could not recall when his eyelids fluttered shut the night before, nor what he'd dreamt when he slept. Draco dreamt most nights, finding himself lost in nightmares of the past the moment he closed his eyes, so to have a full night with nothing felt like something to be alarmed about. It was as if he'd taken a draught of Dreamless Sleep potion, and since he knew he hadn't, he felt disturbed.

Draco's eyes fluttered open, feeling as heavy as lead. He had moved to lie on his stomach during his sleep, his arms folded underneath his pillow. He felt a throbbing in his arm and when he lifted himself up and looked, there was blood soaking the sheets. Confusion bloomed in his chest, helping him gain the desire to get out of bed so he could see what had gone wrong with Madam Pomfrey's healing spell.

The moment his feet touched the floor, he felt his entire body lurch. He staggered forward, pressing the heel of his palm to his forehead in pain. His nerve endings were on fire, every fiber in his being buzzing with activity. He felt like he could taste his magic, like it was overflowing from a well with no way to stop it. Draco had never experienced anything like this before, and he wasn't sure what it could be. Could it have something to do with his Legilimency attack on Crabbe? He wasn't sure.

Lifting his arm across the front of his chest, he turned it so he could see the bottom of his forearm. The scratch he'd gotten from Crabbe was gone, healed by Madam Pomfrey the previous night, but he could still feel the wound as though it were there. Why was there blood on his sheets?

Another pulsing wave of magic washed over him, and he promptly leaned over to retch on the floor. Draco clutched his bare stomach, his bloody, sore fingers digging into it as though it could stop the bile from coming up. The last time Draco had ever experienced anything like this was after he'd taken the Dark Mark. The first night while it was settling into his body, finding parts of his magic to cling to, was a living Hell.

What was going on?

Because of his ill state, Draco missed breakfast. He moved with excruciating slowness, and he heaved bile four more times before he could finally exit his dorm room. He'd struggled into his trousers and black button-up and ended up using his wand, finding that every small movement hurt and made him feel as though he'd been folded up into a small box for hours. His fingertips felt raw and achy, and every time they touched the fabric, bolts of pain shot up and down the lengths of his hands. Movement was difficult for him and between each step to getting dressed, he found that he needed to take a seat on his bed. He didn't do anything with his hair; he just left it messy and falling around his sallow face in a choppy platinum halo.

Draco felt irritation coloring his mood darker. He'd completely missed his appointment with Professor McGonagall, which probably looked awful due to the fact that he was the one who started the situation in the common room the previous night. He hadn't even been thinking clearly; he'd just acted based upon what he felt. Draco never did that.

In the back of his mind, Draco was worried. What if there was no serious, dramatic explanation? What if Blaise was right?

What if he was interested in Granger?

He didn't even have the energy to bat the thoughts away. It took him a few meek tries, but eventually he succeeded in using Occlumency to tuck them somewhere safe for him to be able to destroy later. It bothered him that he was struggling with his best ability, but he attributed it to whatever sickness he seemed to have come down with.

Draco had always been a bit obsessive when he set his sights on something. He supposed it was the Malfoy in him, always pressing forward and never quitting, never accepting any form of failure. The moment he'd seen Granger as a puzzle to solve was the moment he hadn't been able to give up. He didn't think he was interested in her, but if he was, it probably had something to do with the puzzle. Which technically still needed solving.

But not today. Today, he was unwell.

Before he left, he cast scourgify on the room to ensure there were no remnants of his sick. He then headed down the stairs and into the common room, his eyebrows sliding up in surprise when he saw who the only other person in the room was.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Malfoy." Headmistress McGonagall lifted her eyes from the inside of the Daily Prophet. "I must say, I was surprised when you didn't show up to my office this morning. You are not a child anymore. Surely you know the importance of keeping appointments?"

Draco held her gaze from where he stood at the foot of the stairs. He didn't have enough energy to do much else. Every second that dragged by, he felt cold sweat dripping down the center of his back and a weakness pervading his limbs and lungs. Every breath was torture, and he just wanted to lie down.

"I do apologize, Professor," he said, leaning heavily upon the banister. He lowered his eyes because it took too much energy to keep them up. "I fully intended to go, but I've been ill."

The papers rustled as McGonagall folded them closed. She stood up and walked over to him, peering up at him over her glasses. Draco took a few heavy breaths, his shoulders slumping slightly under the weight of her hawkeyed gaze. He held a hand over his abdomen.

"Hm," she said, pulling out her wand. She waved it and, just like the night in the Infirmary when Madam Pomfrey had done the same, Draco's diagnostics appeared hazy in the air. She studied them, her frown lessening.

"Anything . . ." He took another deep breath. "Anything out of the ordinary?"

"No," she said, still frowning. "But you appear quite pale and drawn. Do you have a fever?"

"It's not like that," Draco said. His eyes slid to a nearby couch.

"By all means." She moved aside, watching Draco make his careful way to the cushions.

Draco knew he probably had some sort of magical malady, but it truly felt awful. It felt like his magic was burning from within, the flame spreading outward along the pathways of veins that spiderwebbed all throughout his body. He could feel it moving, thrumming underneath him to the tune of an unknown song.

"What does it feel like, Draco? Is it pain?"

Malfoy rested his head on the back of the couch, his hands limp in his lap and legs outstretched. "Yes. It's an all-over . . . Burning. I don't know . . . Like my magic is swelling. And my fingers, they're . . ." He held his hand up in the air by his tired face, wriggling his fingers a bit. She definitely saw the dried blood ringing the nails.

"That is interesting. Well, I think you should head to Madam Pomfrey for a Calming Draught, perhaps something to help with the burning sensation, and then continue on to your next class."

Draco, who had closed his eyes, mustered up an inhuman amount of strength to open them a crack. "And what of last night?"

McGonagall clasped her hands in front of her, looking down her nose at him. "We all have ways of coping, Draco, this I understand. But we do not cope by forcing ourselves into the minds of our classmates without permission. See to it that the next time you feel a bit upset regarding Miss Granger, you come to me or another professor with your concerns."

Draco bristled. "I wasn't upset. I was curious. And for good reason. I saw that his memory matched Granger's memory of her attack."

McGonagall's face shifted with alarm. "You used Legilimency on Hermione, as well?"

Draco lifted his head from the couch, pushing himself into an upright position with his tender hands. He felt the need to explain himself, to convince McGonagall that his interest in the situation with Granger was purely on principle. That he wanted to solve the crime, as it were, because he was a Pureblood gentleman, and because his mother had asked him to watch out for her. That he felt that no one should be allowed to cast the cruciatus on Hogwarts grounds, especially not on a witch with her back turned. That he wanted to get to the bottom of why she'd asked for him to come and not Potty or the Weaselbee, because her asking for him involved him, and he just wanted to clear his own name. That he didn't care about Granger, and that he did not get upset about anything. He was a Malfoy. Malfoys didn't get upset.

Even as he thought them, the words sounded like excuses. None of those sentiments had been on his mind when he'd attacked Crabbe. The only thing that he'd been thinking about was Granger, her screams, and that the only person who had the right to call Granger a Mudblood was Draco. He hadn't known if Crabbe was telling the truth, but when Draco had been in his mind, Crabbe's thoughts of that night seemed eerily similar to Granger's.

McGonagall sighed. "What did you discover?"

Draco leaned forward with his elbows on his thighs, bracing his face against his hands to try and push through the nausea.

"When I went into Granger's mind, I saw what happened to her. I heard everything from her point of view. Then, I went into Crabbe's on a hunch and I swear I saw the same exact event, just from the view of the assailant. But Crabbe denied it was real. He said it was just a dream."

"A dream?"

"Like a daydream," Draco said, combing through his hair and then shrugging. "More akin to a wish, really. It seems unlikely, but it really could be that he dislikes her so greatly that he imagined it the way he would have done it."

McGonagall was silent, her lips pursed in thought. "Do you believe that it was a dream?"

"I think he's lying," Draco said without missing a beat. "But all of Hogwarts has their wands out for Granger. I wouldn't be surprised if multiple students had the same types of dreams."

There was silence, and then McGonagall nodded. "Well, Mr. Malfoy, I have thought of what I would like you to do for me. I would like you to get to the bottom of this, if you can. Find out who committed this grievous crime, and then come straight to me."

Draco blinked up at her in surprise. She did know of their past, didn't she? Draco would have thought he'd be the top suspect on McGonagall's list. In spite of the confusion, however, he was already involved. He knew more than anyone else at this point, so the best person to figure it out was him.

"I suppose I could call in an Auror," the Headmistress said thoughtfully.

"No, I . . . I'm already in this," Draco said. "I can solve it, and find out who did it."

He hoped.

He slowly stood, holding his stomach again. "And what of Crabbe? He did assault Granger last evening."

"Mr. Crabbe will receive punishment for that."

"Expulsion would be the fairest course of action." Draco's eyes were cold like ice chips. Part of him wanted Crabbe to be sent home and expelled, but another part wanted him to remain until Draco figured out the truth. He tried to stand up straighter, to look a little more like a Malfoy who knew what he was talking about.

An unreadable expression passed across McGonagall's face, and then she gave him an almost forlorn smile. "Crabbe will be questioned and disciplined, Mr. Malfoy. Now, off to the Infirmary with you."

Draco's brows twitched. "Not expelled? Professor Mcgonagall -"

She had already left.

Disciplined? What was that supposed to mean?

"Today, I would like to see you all demonstrate a review of spells for your N.E.W.T.s." Professor Bill Weasley stood before Draco's second period Defense Against the Dark Arts class, his hands slipped casually into the pockets of his trousers. "First, with your wands. Then, wandlessly. It's just a review, so there's no specific spells for you to use on the dummies - just use whatever you think is necessary to showcase your knowledge thus far."

Draco lifted his head from where he'd pillowed it on his arms, not having realized he'd fallen asleep. He felt so exhausted, and the thought of standing up to do magic was ghastly. Whatever Madam Pomfrey had given him had tasted awful, and done nothing to help. He hadn't the energy to tell her, not wanting to seem weak. Malfoys fell ill, yes, but they didn't wallow in it. He just wanted to push forward through it and get through the day; he'd likely be better tomorrow.

Everyone got up and walked across the large classroom, to where Weasley had erected wooden dummies for students to practice on. Draco leaned up against a table nearby, arms crossed over his chest as he watched his classmates waving their wands through blurring vision. Red and green sparks shot from the tips of them, hissing and crackling as the magic crashed into the dummies. He looked on in his exhaustion, having little to no energy for spellcasting even though it felt like his magic was screaming at him to cast something.

"All right, Mr. Malfoy?"

Draco blinked owlishly over at Weasley, his eyes scanning the gruesome scar that bisected his face. He nodded once. "Right knackered, but well."

"And after last night?"

Draco shrugged, arms still crossed.

"You don't seem well."

"I assure you, I'm quite well, Professor." He felt like shit, of course, what with the magical malady he was currently enduring. He was miffed about Crabbe's lack of ample punishment, but he had no desire to speak of it to a Weasley. Bill Weasley wasn't like his brothers, but he was still a Gryffindor, and Draco didn't feel like bleeding his heart out to one.

Professor Weasley faced him, crossing his arms over his chest and looking him over with interest. "Your body seems weaker than usual, and I can feel your magic from here, Mr. Malfoy. Are you sure you are well?"

Draco closed his eyes, feeling his brain pounding against his skull. He didn't have the strength nor the inner energy to deal with being questioned. He was beyond nauseous, and being bombarded with the same question repeatedly was making it more difficult to keep calm.

"Professor," he said in a conversational tone, "I'm not sure I understand your line of questioning. Is your purpose to find out if I'm well, or to find out if I'm lying about it?"

Professor Weasley studied him for a moment, and then he smiled. "Forgive me. I'll leave it alone. Why don't you go ahead and take your turn casting?"

Draco pushed through the group of Seventh Years that stood before him, hardly noticing that they all stared at him with wide, nervous eyes as he did so. Potter even hurled a sneer his way, and Draco ignored it. Crabbe had called him a Blood Traitor and it was so absurd a notion that if Draco as well as he wanted Professor Weasley to believe, he would have laughed himself around the entire school. A Malfoy? A blood traitor? That was a laugh and a half.

He stood up straight, holding his wand aloft between two fingers as he always did. He twisted his body to the side, feet shoulder-width apart, and reached down deep to feel his magic.

The moment his psyche touched his magic core, Draco nearly lost consciousness. The core was overflowing, the buzzing almost deafening him as it overwhelmed his body and smothered him. Sweat beaded on his brow. Many eyes were on him, and he had no friends in this class, so anything that happened was subject to rumor. He didn't need word spreading that Crabbe punched him into contracting some sort of magical illness. A sneer appeared on his face as he fought against the desire to cry out in overwhelming pain, and he cast a simple spell.

"Reducto!"

The sparks that exploded out of the end of Draco's long, black wand were astonishing and horrifying, causing Draco to stagger backward in alarm. They shot out in several large orbs of cerulean fire, the sheer surprise of it all causing many voices in the classroom to scream. Four dummies in the same row burst into instant flames as the reducto reduced them to ash, and Draco's hand began to quiver. He swallowed, hard, and stared at his wand.

What in Merlin's name was happening to him?

Confused and determined, Draco reached down within himself and tried to feel around the center of his core. He found nothing out of the ordinary, just more and more magic, oozing outward and bathing his entire body from the inside. The sheer force of it all made his muscles convulse in pain. Draco hoped that if he cast as many spells as possible, it would release some of the overabundance and assuage the ache. He resumed his casting position.

More screams erupted from the girls in the classroom as Draco began to cast spell after spell, casting them in his thoughts but using his wand as a conduit. His wand slashed diagonally and twisted in circles, sparks of red, green, and blue hitting all of the dummies with powerful magic. They were much larger than they should have been, much more dangerous, and soon all of the dummies were gone. Piles of wooden ashes dusted the floor as Draco stood there, chest heaving.

Inside, his magic continued to swell. There was no reprieve.

Exhaustion suddenly assailed his senses and he knew he needed to sit down. He turned to go back to the table he'd been leaning against, his eyes glaring at all of the students who stared at him. They looked like they'd seen a ghost, pale moon faces gazing upon him with a mixture of reverence and fear.

"What's the matter, then?" he spat out, sliding his wand back up into his sleeve. "Scared to see what a former Death Eater can do?"

"Come on now, Draco." Weasley's tone was scolding.

A Seventh Year boy with freckles and brown hair stepped forward, glowering. "It's not former if you've still got the Mark, Malfoy."

Draco stared at him, severely reminded of Potter by the way the boy was staring him down in a silent challenge. He opened his mouth in a scowl, prepared to banter, until a sudden wave of nausea overcame him. He shut his mouth quickly, his stomach roiling, and then he shoved his way through the class until he was back at the table.

"Right, well." Professor Weasley shot Draco a strange look and then waved his wand. Within moments, the dummies were intact once more. "Class, please continue."

Draco spent the rest of the class period in considerable pain, keeping his eyes on the floor. He attempted to use his Occlumency, hoping it could keep some of the pain at bay, but he was too weak, too overcome by magic. So he was forced to endure.

At lunch, Draco was no better. He hunched over his plate, unable to bring a morsel of food to his lips for fear of hurling it right back up. He spent the hour in a daze, his bleary-eyed gaze fixating on anyone who spoke to him with a certain measure of energy that kept him from having enough left to talk. No one seemed to notice that he was unwell, the conversation flowing from one subject to the next without stopping.

Crabbe wasn't there, thankfully, but Draco didn't know what that meant. He had no idea when McGonagall would be speaking to him, nor what his punishment would be. He did know, however, that when or if Crabbe returned, Draco was going to keep his distance.

I don't need any more reason for the pillocks at this blasted school to think Granger and I are together, he thought miserably, staring at his rapidly-cooling potatoes.

Draco glanced down the table at the Golden Trio, seeing that all three of them were on their way out of the Hall when he did. It made him feel a bit miffed, a bitter taste rising in his mouth. How long would they pay attention to her this time? Days? Weeks? Only hours? Saint Potter truly was a devil in disguise. All of those Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws were, acting as though they were the only ones worth a salt. No one saw that Slytherins were loyal and dependable in their self-deprecation, and that made them just as worthy of notice.

How do they feel knowing it was a Slytherin who defended their precious Gryffindor Princess? Draco thought bitterly, feeling as though he'd made a fool of himself. He'd spent years hating her, and one crucio curse had reduced him to a brute.

Images from that night at the Manor assailed his already beleaguered psyche, Bellatrix's knobby hands using her wand to carve out Granger's flesh. Draco's greatest shame was his cowardice, and his memories always seemed to see fit to subject him to the torture of the memory over and over.

"Drake, you look right knackered," Blaise murmured from beside him. "You need to go to the Infirmary?"

"I'm fine," Draco murmured, scrubbing his face with his hands.

"No, you're not," Blaise countered. Then, he whispered, "You need to get yourself sorted. Your magic's out of control. Look."

Draco followed the direction that Blaise was pointing, to the food before them. It was starting to rot, and no one had noticed it yet. Draco knew it was because of the Mark. His magic was inherently dark-based now, and without his control, it would only spread destruction.

Without a word, Draco got up and started for the door.

"Oi, Malfoy, wait!" Pansy hopped up and skidded to a halt beside him, one hand on his arm. "What was that display in the common room last night?"

Draco merely stared at her, his silver eyes stormy and dark. He could feel his temper flaring, mingling with his magic, threatening to extend outwards.

"Leave it, Pansy."

"No! You wait!" She smacked her hand against his arm, the arm that Crabbe had scratched, and an agonizing jolt ran up from his forearm to his shoulder. He gasped and clutched his arm close, eyeing Pansy with anger.

Several eyes were lingering on them, obviously interested in the latest display from the Malfoy saga that was his life now.

Pansy crossed her arms over her robes and glared at him. "I'm just trying to understand you, Draco. You're my friend."

"Stop. Trying," he snarled, and then his magic exploded outward. It didn't knock Pansy over, but it did assail her senses in a visible way. She cried out and stumbled back, nearly falling against a Hufflepuff Eighth Year's back, and then huddled in on herself.

"Draco? What is this?" She gasped under the onslaught of his unseen power, looking up at him with pleading eyes. "Stop it!"

Draco didn't want to stop, and from the overwhelming weight of the magic, he didn't know if he could. He was so mad, so angry. Angrier even than the night before. He didn't understand why. He only knew that he wanted to watch his magic crush his friend into the ground.

Suddenly, Blaise was there, standing in Draco's line of sight and putting his hands on his shoulders. Cutting off eye contact severed the connection, and Draco's magic came swirling back into his body. He felt it pressing down on him again, and before Blaise could see the pain in his eyes, he managed to erect a thin wall of Occlumency in his mind. It was difficult and it felt like it would fall within mere seconds, but it would hold for the moment.

"What's gotten into you, mate?" Blaise asked. "Are you unwell?"

Wordlessly, with the majority of the Great Hall staring at him, Draco turned around and stumbled out into the corridor.

When he finally made it to Advanced Potions, the Golden Trio were already there and the entire room smelled of the freesia used in Amortentia. Granger wore her school uniform with no robes and had her wand out on the table, her hair pulled up into that strange hairstyle again that revealed her throat. Weaselbee and Potty sat beside Granger at the front, and Draco fought the urge to roll his eyes. Their actions were false - just showing off for the sake of looking like Good Friends. He was sick of the wizarding world treating Draco and all of the other Slytherins like dirt, assuming they all followed Voldemort. Assuming that the ones who did follow Voldemort were doing it out of want and not a necessity.

He sagged in his chair, folded his arms on the table, and buried his head down until it was dark. He closed his eyes, his mind unable to focus on anything other than the incessant buzzing in his ears, his powerful overflowing magical core, his throbbing fingertips, and his tender skin.

Potions went by agonizingly slow, with Slughorn doing nothing but lecturing for the entire ninety minutes. Draco couldn't seem to fall asleep, even though Slughorn didn't seem to notice him with his head on the table, finding that he felt too ill to breathe let alone sleep. His stomach kept jumping, rolling around, telling him he needed to vomit again.

Blaise sat beside him as usual, and Draco snuck glances at Granger every so often, his eyes catching sight of her hands still trembling and twitching. She showed no outward signs of being in pain, but Draco knew better than anyone that she definitely was. The cruciatus pains lingered for weeks and sometimes months after so much as one casting.

Stupid bint really needs to read up on the curse, Draco thought irritably. Her twitching hands are so distracting. All she's got to do is get Potty or the Red Weasel to massage the muscles and it'll stave them off for awhile. So annoying.

After class, Blaise and Draco trudged down the hallway in relative silence. Draco felt sour, the corners of his lips turned downward as the magical malady, whatever it was, attacked him. He was getting worse as the day went on, and he didn't know what he could do about it.

"I think you should go to the owlery," Blaise said after a short time. "Maybe snoop around, see what you find out."

Draco grunted, hands in his pockets. His fingernails hurt.

"Are you implying you don't think Crabbe did it?" he asked, lifting his eyes off of the floor for one moment to glance at him.

"I'm not sure," Blaise said, frowning. "I think he's the likeliest subject, but he did say it was just a yearning he had, to curse her. I've heard plenty of wizards today alone prattling on about how they'd love to curse her, too. Details and everything, mate."

"I bet she regrets speaking for my father now."

"I dunno," Blaise said, scratching the side of his nose. "Those Gryffindors like to martyr themselves quite well. She might've accounted for this reaction from the school."

"How does one account for being crucioed, Blaise?" Draco sounded drained. He ran his fingers through his hair. "You know I'm not fond of her - hate her, really - but no one deserves to be crucioed."

The ghost of a smirk flashed across Blaise's face. "You don't hate her, mate."

"Don't start, Zabini," Draco said, rolling his eyes. "I've a headache."

"Yeah, well . . . You look like you're about to chunder."

"I've done it already today," Draco groaned, his head falling back for a second.

"Merlin," Blaise chuckled, "No wonder you Malfoys hate Muggle-borns. You punch one bloke the Muggle way and the next day, you've got a magical malady. Is nothing sacred?"

Draco cracked a smile for a moment, but just shook his head. He didn't exactly hate Muggle-borns; that was his father's viewpoint. He and his mother had always just latched onto what Lucius said. For Draco, it had been Granger specifically that caused him upset. Hearing her voice spouting matter-of-fact corrections at professors in their younger years, pushing past everyone in lines as though she were above all else, checking out books that were necessary for assignments for months just to reread the material for fun . . . It was all so infuriating.

"The owlery, you say?" he said, stopping in the hall. "I suppose I could skive off my next class. Come with me?"

"I can't," Blaise said. "I've got a presentation. But let me know tonight at dinner what you find."

"All right."

Draco stood in place for a moment, taking deep breaths to try and move past how sick he felt. He didn't know how much longer he could put up with this, but unfortunately since he didn't know what was going on, he had no hope of reprieve. Madam Pomfrey's methods hadn't worked, so Draco was a bit concerned that something was wrong with him.

It took him a good thirty minutes to get to the owlery. Draco had to take multiple breaks, his body so tired that he had a strong desire to lie down on the floor of the corridor just to try and catch a bit of shut-eye. When he did reach the owlery, the stairs became the bane of his existence.

Merlin, fuck, I feel like shit, he thought when he got to the top and made it outside to the fresh air. The wind whipped his hair about as he entered the owl's roost, peering around.

Draco's eyes scanned the area, most of the owls paying him no mind. His family owl swooped down to perch on his shoulder, and he absentmindedly reached up to brush his fingers along its soft feathers. He winced when he did so, finding that even that hurt his nail beds.

He looked up at the owl, wishing he could use Legilimency on him. He wondered what all of the owls had seen that night. They were in the perfect spot to be able to see how Granger's assailant had gotten to her. He frowned, however. They were at the very top of Hogwarts, and the drop from here to the ground was much too far.

"The attacker would have needed a broom," Draco murmured to his pet, his curiosity from the hunt overcoming the illness he still felt. The fresh air helped, even though the owlery smelled quite bad. "But how did he do that without being seen out of any of the windows? It was dark, but the moon was full. He would have been spotted."

Draco walked outside of the roost, peering down over the edge. It was so high up that the tops of the trees looked like small bushes. Could her attacker have climbed up? Draco's owl fluttered off back into the owlery, leaving the blond with his hands on the ramparts. Draco thought for a moment, feeling his magic swelling, trying to imagine what could possibly have happened that night.

He glanced behind him, into the roost. Granger was obviously dropping off a letter. He conjured up a mental image of her, padding softly up to give her letter to an owl. He imagined her greeting one, whichever one that was, and then sending it off to wherever its destination was. The letter was likely frivolous or academic, though Draco doubted she had anyone who would want to receive letters from her anymore. He could just imagine it now, Granger sending out a letter only to receive a Howler in return at breakfast, screaming his name at her.

Being so lost in thought, Draco was starting to feel less sick. He could still feel the magic in his core spilling out, but his mind was so focused on his conjectures that the pain had compartmentalized itself. He smirked. Of course he would be powerful enough to do something like that.

Draco walked back into the roost and peered around. Had the person already been inside, waiting? And if so, how long had they been waiting for her there? The nests traveled up the walls like miniature shelves, with little to no space for humans to hide. There was no possible way she would have missed a wizard or witch lying in wait for her, but then again, Granger wasn't the most present. She was clever, of that there was no doubt. Why else would he call her Queen Swot behind her back? But when it came to her surroundings, she was the least aware of anyone he'd ever met. In Third Year, he'd seen her read a novel during a Quidditch game without ever looking up once. A stray bludger would have hit her in the head if it weren't for him blasting it out of the way with the base of his Nimbus.

Bit hard to see the wall in front of you when your bloody nose is in a book, Draco thought, his smirk deepening. Owes me her life, she does. I haven't cashed in on those galleons yet. After last night, I'm thinking I should.

Draco pulled his wand out of his sleeve.

"Revelio!" he said, seeing if anything came about.

Nothing.

"Finite incantatem!"

An owl hooted as it swooped in through the window, and then promptly relieved its bowels on the floor.

Draco sighed. The attacker definitely couldn't have been in the owlery, that was decided. Crossing it off his mental list, he walked out onto the stone steps outside to take another look. He looked down over the side of the ramparts, mentally measuring the climb. There was no way someone had climbed up. Not only was it hundreds of feet up, but the stones of the castle walls were smooth.

But when Draco walked back into the tower, seeing that there were only stairs leading downward and not other hiding places, he started to rethink his previous opinion.

Say the person really had flown up via broom. Say they made it without getting spotted. How did they know where she'd be? And why had they chosen that exact moment to attack her? When had they arrived, and had they timed it to be that way?

Whoever had done it was cunning. Intelligent. Calculating. They'd known they'd get away with it based upon the location having no exits once Granger was at the top of the tower. To come in from behind was a deliberate decision meant to assure that the only escape she had was down, and the attacker's escape was nigh undetectable.

Whoever it was, Draco knew without a shadow of a doubt that they were a Slytherin.

Draco stood at the landing of the stairs, looking at them as they twisted down into darkness. He tried to call Granger's memory of her attack forward, but found that he still felt quite ill. He flinched as he tried harder, feeling that the familiarity of his Occlumency was no longer as bright as it had been before.

What bloody magical malady could affect my Occlumency? Draco thought, gritting his teeth as he steeled himself and tried again.

It took him a few tries, but eventually, he managed it. He leaned his back against the wall in the tower, sideways on the stairs, and tried not to take it to heart. It couldn't be his fault that his Occlumency wasn't coming easy to him that day. It had to be because of the illness.

Now properly prepared, Draco allowed himself to review the memory he'd seen in Granger's mind. He forced himself to relive her screaming, so he could try to map out what happened from the moment she stepped onto the stairs to the moment she was attacked. He saw her view of the walls and roof as she went down, heard her wand clattering a ways away from her. Darkness as her eyes squeezed shut, and the awful cries. He nearly turned his face away, but then remembered he was using Occlumency, and that it wasn't in front of him in reality.

He wished she'd been able to open her eyes. She would have seen her attacker, he just knew it.

Footsteps sounded on the stairs, and Draco looked up from the ground to see who had appeared.

"Oh . . . Malfoy." Granger stood a few steps down, one hand held to her uniform jumper and the other trailing along the tower wall. She swallowed visibly, and Draco wondered if he made her nervous, and if it was because she suspected him. That didn't sit well with him, so he resolved to find out and make it clear that he had no part in her attack. Then, he'd be able to find out why she asked for him.

She'd obviously decided not to attend her last class of the day, and while he didn't know or care why, he kind of wished she hadn't. Now he had to look down at her, into her eyes, when his Occlumency was giving him trouble, his body was experiencing some form of illness, and the memory of his spat with Crabbe was fresh in his mind.

One of his dark brows went up. "Skived off class, Granger? Oh, how the mighty swots doth fall."

Her facial expression twisted into one of disapproval, and she sneered at him. "I suppose I shouldn't be so surprised to see you missing class, either, Malfoy. Reading becoming too difficult for you?"

Draco smirked, leaning his shoulder against the wall. He crossed his arms over his chest and one ankle over the other. She wasn't too far away, but she was close enough for him to smell that same freesia smell from Advanced Potions. He was surprised the scent was strong enough in the room to linger on her for that long. Interestingly enough, his magic wasn't overwhelmingly painful at the moment. It almost felt like it was resting, lying docile even while it covered every inch of his body. He could feel bits of it oozing out of him, but it wasn't pressing down on him anymore.

Odd, but welcome. He'd take any moment of respite from the pain he'd been in all day. He still felt weak, but without the pain, it was more bearable.

"You seem to be feeling better," Draco said. "Your banter's spot-on."

"I saw that Crabbe was back," she said simply, her hands hanging down at her sides. Her facial expression was guarded, appearing unhappy. "I have Defense Against the Dark Arts with him as my last class of the day. So I just left."

Draco's eyes flitted down to her throat, but her neck was obscured by her fold-down collar and red-and-gold tie. He wanted to know if it was bruised. Then, he glanced at her hands. They trembled constantly, much more than they had in Potions that day.

"The Golden Girl's not so tough," Draco drawled. "Is she?"

Granger narrowed her eyes at him. "I could say the same for you. Crabbe knocked you over quite easily, before you could even lift your wand."

Draco felt his magic starting to stir and he tensed. He'd punched a bloke in the face because said git had been daydreaming about putting her body into burning agony, and she was mocking him? Merlin, now he remembered why she was so annoying.

"I'll remember to keep that in mind next time I'm picking up Saint Potter and the Weaselbee's slack, yeah?" He pushed himself away from the wall, feeling his head spinning a bit. He forced himself not to sway, not wanting to show any form of weakness before her.

"Shut up, Malfoy." She glared at him and then he saw her hands ball into fists. She averted her eyes, and he wondered what that could mean.

Draco opened his mouth to retort when her earlier words suddenly piqued his interest. "Wait. You said Crabbe was back?"

"Yes. Professor McGonagall gave him six month's detention for the assault, and the Ministry has received a letter."

Draco stared at her, his incredulity overcoming whatever urge he had to tell her her hair looked ridiculous piled atop her head like a bee's nest. Just like earlier that day with Pansy, he felt his magic roaring to life and intensifying his feelings of anger. How had that oaf managed to get out of being expelled? He'd throttled a witch in the damn common room!

He almost wanted to march down to McGonagall's office, but he felt that would be a bit . . . Well, the students would definitely be spreading rumors then.

Draco jerked his chin in her direction, arms crossed again. "Oi. What are you doing coming back here, then? Seems a bit odd to return to the place where you were attacked."

"Well," she said, her lips twisting as she looked around the stairs, "I wanted to come back and see if I could find anything to help me figure out who did it. What're you doing here?"

He held her gaze.

"Investigating."

Granger's eyes widened marginally, and then she regarded him with a bit of suspicion. It bothered Draco, her miniscule reactions to the things he did. At first, he'd just been curious and wanting to figure out what happened. Now, he felt like he'd been watching her so closely and done things for her that her own friends hadn't done. He didn't know why he was doing them, he just knew that it bothered him that he wasn't the only one giving her Hell anymore. He didn't exactly expect anything, but he certainly didn't expect a small look of suspicion.

She resumed peering around, moving up one step and touching the wall.

"What're you doing, you barmy beaver?"

"I'm trying to trigger my memories, you cheeky arsehole. It's a memory magic tactic that I read about - I'm casting the spell wandlessly as I touch the stones. It's very difficult, so do shut up. I need to focus."

She knelt down, the position of her body on the stairs below him causing her head to be quite near to his calves. Her hair brushed against the leg of his trousers as she placed her still-spasming hands on every inch of the stairs beneath her, and Draco's eyes fell to the back of her neck. He found that a lesser part of his mind thought the skin there looked quite delicate, and his roiling magic seemed to reach downward toward her.

He stiffened. What was he thinking? He was certain he'd gone mental. It had to be the malady that had been attacking his body all day.

All-of-the-sudden, the scent of freesia smashed into his nostrils so forcefully that he staggered backward. Before he could register his confusion, his magic seemed to roar to life, shooting straight to his mind and screaming at him with an almost deafening howl.

Touch her. Touch her. Touch her. Touch her.

"Your . . . Your hair," he said, voice a bit choked. He was powerless against the magic. It was coaxing him to speak, to tell what was on his mind, to touch her . . .

"What about it?" she said with a scowl, fingers trailing along the step beneath him. "What is it this time? Too bushy? Too curly? Honestly, Malfoy. You've got to let it go."

"No, it's . . ." He fought against it, the magic, but it was too powerful. Too much. Too overwhelming. He snapped through clenched teeth, "Too much like a beehive. You've lost your . . . Swottiness."

Another wave of freesia seemed to waft up into his nostrils and all of his magic pushed into his head, as though trying to get closer to it. To her scent. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, letting it fill his entire being. His magic shuddered - no, purred, and it was just too much.

Draco didn't know what was going on. His mind was in a haze. He thought of touching her, just reaching out to brush his fingertips along the base of her head, and his magic hummed. His fingers hurt from how hard he was clenching his fists in his pockets.

"How does hair lose its swottiness?" She moved her hands to the wall by his knees, her face pulled into an expression of disgust. "Hair is insentient. It can't lose or gain anything."

Oh fuck, her voice. Why did her voice sound like that? It was so honey-sweet, so devoid of anything irritating. He'd give anything to hear her talk more. His magic cooed in delight, swirling along his veins and caressing his hands. It wanted him to touch her. It wanted him to give in.

Draco felt like he was going to lose his mind even more than he already had.

"You look more like yourself with it down," Draco murmured, his eyelids lowering as his eyes scanned her face from the side. "The perfect amount of swot."

"Oh, Merlin, Malfoy!"

At that moment, Draco would give anything to hear her say those words like that again. He'd empty his Gringott's vault just to hear her yell "Oh" and "Malfoy" one more time.

Draco didn't realize his fingers were reaching for that spot of visible flesh below her curly hair until she was standing back up. He snatched his hand back, putting it through his unruly hair in a casual manner. He willed himself not to blush, and he threatened his traitorous body with mutilation if it didn't settle down. He didn't know what the fuck was going on, but he knew that it was eclipsing his ability to think rationally.

This was some magical malady. The sooner he healed up, the better.

"Find anything?" He had to look away from her, weakness or not, because his magic was straining against the cage of his body, urging him to grab her.

He was going straight to Madam Pomfrey the first chance he got, and Blaise was never hearing about this incident. Ever.

"Nothing," she said, putting her hands on her hips. Then, a somewhat sad look crossed her face. "I've been dreaming about it every night, and I can't remember anything with vivid detail. I went to the Library -"

"Naturally."

She glowered at him. "I went to the Library, and read up on dreams in relation to the cruciatus, but I couldn't find anything. But in a personal search, I did read a book on memory magic - Garin Rossthwait's Magic of the Mind and Memory, in case you want to read it, and -"

"Not likely."

"Malfoy," she scolded, stamping her foot. "Like I was saying. I read Rossthwait's book and remembered a section that spoke about how healers assist patients who have lost their memories due to obliviation. It said that if you cast the spell 'restitutio' while the patient is touching sentimental items, then it can help the memories be accessed. So I thought I could trigger the same thing myself. But perhaps I didn't do it correctly."

Draco's eyes lingered upon her skirt and then looked away again. He felt no better than a common creep of the night, and he knew he needed to do something to calm his magic down. It seemed to respond strongly to sudden inflections of her tone, or when she seemed annoyed. It flared to life and nearly sent him to his knees when she talked about the book. Since he and Granger couldn't get on without snipping at one another, his magic was having a Quidditch day. He was unwell and it was betraying him, but he was a Pureblood. It was mental, absolutely mental. He would never just reach out and touch anyone, even Granger. Especially Granger.

He turned and walked out onto the outer stairs, peering over the ramparts, his hair falling into his eyes.

"From what I've seen, your attacker had only one way here." he said, focusing on the drop downward and the queasy feeling in his stomach to try and calm down. "And that was up."

"So either by broom or by climbing." Her voice was suddenly there beside him.

Draco jumped and glanced down at her, her head by his shoulders. The weakness in his body had morphed into something else, some sort of need. It was intense, more intense than he'd ever felt before, and his hands were tingling from the desire to move behind her and place them on her hips. Her neck. Her wrists. Any part of her, his magic promised, and he would finally feel well.

"Have you got any suspects?" he asked in a low tone.

She grimaced, still gazing out at the landscape of the Hogwarts grounds. Her hands were on the rampart, pulling herself up onto her tip-toes. "Everyone."

Draco blinked. It was strange, thinking about how Granger had gone from being so well-liked in the wizarding world to suddenly being despised just because of her decision. At first, he'd been doubtful of her motives. He'd thought she was trying to exact some sort of revenge. Then he'd just been annoyed, wondering if she wanted him to grovel at her feet in gratitude. But now, he almost felt like he respected her. Everyone, including her friends, treated her like she didn't exist unless she were standing right in front of them - as though they had some sort of short-term memory charm placed upon them.

Her freesia scent wafted up to him again and his magic cooed. He was facing her with one hand on the rampart, almost leaning in, his right hand twitching at his side. Now that he was standing so close to her, he was surprised to see that she possessed a rather becoming profile. He imagined himself nuzzling his nose along her jawline . . .

Draco forced himself to take a few steps back, and then turned to go into the tower. It took an immeasurable amount of force, and his magic punished him by bearing down quite heavily on him. The pain was excruciating, but he held it together with his Malfoy strength, only allowing a small huff to escape from between his lips. He placed a hand on the wall by his head and struggled to get his breathing under control.

"Let's try the spell a different way," Granger said walking past him and down four or five steps. "I'll put my hands on the stairs, and then you cast the spell on me. And don't hex me. I know it's tempting, but we don't know how this will manifest."

"Oh, but it would be so easy for me to shrink those teeth down." Draco's voice was light, airy - masking the torment he experienced inside.

"Thanks, but I can handle that myself if I want to. And besides," she sniffed, and even though she was shorter, she looked down her nose at him. "If you don't like my teeth or my hair, for that matter - well, then that's a personal concern that you should go see a therapist for."

"A thera-what?"

She almost smiled, the corners of her lips twitching, and then she knelt down on the stone in her skirt. A few curls were tipping down into her face, having fallen from the hairstyle, and then she looked up at him with a determined look in her eyes.

"What's the spell again?" he asked. He couldn't believe he was doing this for her. If he'd owed her a debt for helping his father, it was repaid after this.

"Restitutio," she said. "I'm ready. And if I . . . If I make any sounds, silence me."

Draco held the wand between his fingers and cast the spell, feeling his magic roaring to life just like it had during DADA class. He wasn't sure how it was going to manifest, but he knew there was no going back. He hoped it didn't cause harm. The last thing he needed was anyone thinking he was the one who had originally attacked her.

The manifestation was visceral. Granger's body immediately began to react to the memory, and panic bloomed in Draco's chest. It felt for all the world like he was casting the cruciatus on her, and it gave him a sick feeling in his gut to be watching her on the ground like that beneath his pointed wand. She writhed about just like she had that night, her eyes rolling up into her head and pleas falling from between her lips. Her hair came apart as she thrashed, splaying along the stone in a tangled mane of curls.

"Silencio," Draco whispered, his voice cracking, her screams abruptly silencing while her body continued to suffer. His body trembled as he watched her relive her nightmare, and it was not what he expected he'd be doing when he came to the owlery that afternoon. There was a reason why he'd failed Voldemort. He didn't have the stomach for these things.

The moment she started clawing at the ground, the moment he saw her fingernails coming away from the skin, he couldn't do it anymore. He flicked his wand in her direction.

"Finite!" he cried.

Sound abruptly returned, and then Granger was gasping for breath on the stone. She pushed herself into an upright position, her hair a disaster about her head and tears staining her cheeks. It was so much like that night in the Manor that Draco felt shame welling up within his heart, mingling with his blazing magic in a way that finally forced it to calm down.

"Why did you stop?!" she yelled, wiping her tears with violently-trembling hands.

Draco glared at her. "You were ripping your own fingernails out, Granger! You wanted me to let it go on? Are you mental?"

"Perhaps," she muttered with a bitterness to her voice. She held her hands out in front of her, her eyes widened at the sight of the savage way they jerked. "Merlin, my hands . . . They're worse."

"That's because the spell didn't just show you the memory - it forced you to relive it. It was like . . ."

"Like you cast the curse." She pressed her lips together and then held onto the wall to rise to her feet. She looked pale, her hair wild. "I didn't realize it would be so powerful. I felt like I was there again, the night it happened. I could even feel the cold air."

Draco's eyes swept her form and he felt his magic already starting to stir again. He was angry with himself, wishing he could figure out what the Hell was going on with him. He'd already had to deal with Blaise trying his damndest to get him to admit he thought Granger was fit, and now this? If it never healed, he didn't know what he was going to do. The exhaustion, the nausea, waking with blood in his nail beds as though he'd tried to pull them out in his sleep . . . The magic spilling out of his magical core and whispering to him as though it were alive. He didn't know if he could handle it much more than the hours he'd already lived with it.

Granger hadn't said anything, and was instead grimacing down at her hands.

"What?" Draco asked, his voice sounding too husky. He cleared his throat and strengthened it. "What is it?"

"I've been dealing with the phantom pains since it happened."

Draco couldn't help but scoff. "Lingering pains are a common side effect of the cruciatus curse."

"Forgive me for not being Professor Unforgivable," she shot back, eyes blazing. Her hands continued to shake, and her fingers were contorted and stiff. It looked quite painful, just as he'd experienced after what Voldemort had done to him.

"There's specific massages that alleviate phantom cruciatus pains," Draco said, fixing her with a deadpan look. "I'm surprised you didn't already know. You seem to know everything else already."

"For once, you're correct," Granger said, rolling her eyes. "And I've tried them. They don't work. I've tried everything, and nothing works. Potions, salves, even charms. Nothing."

Draco stood there and stared at her for a long second, debating. Part of him wanted to tell her tough luck and leave the tower. He was starting to feel faint being near her scent. But another, much stronger part of him wanted to do what his magic had been begging him to do. To step forward and touch her.

He was exhausted. He'd been fighting against himself all day. His magic wanted him to feel her soft skin against his, to smooth his fingers over it and watch the expression on her face as he rid her of her lingering pain for even just a few days. It would be so nice to just . . . Do it.

So he did.

"You can be quite daft, Granger," he growled, stepping down the stairs to stand on the step above her. "That's because you've got to have someone else do it while they wandlessly whisper a healing spell - just like the restitutio spell I just cast. Sometimes I wonder whether you're actually as intelligent as you claim to be."

Granger opened her mouth, clearly about to snap at him, but closed it the moment Draco snatched one of her hands out of the air. He held it in his hands, clenching his teeth to keep himself from losing it. His magic was positively delighted now, and he could feel it lifting up and floating in an almost catatonic state, swirling around the witch and himself as though to trap them together in a void.

"What are you doing, Malfoy?" she demanded, but there didn't seem to be any steam to her voice. Draco had already begun the massages and wandless spell that his mother had used on him for months after he took the Mark. He kept his silver eyes on her hand, focusing on each finger before moving along her palm.

"Really, Granger," he said quietly. "This is something the Pothead or the Weasel ought to do. The longer it goes on, the worse it can get. Sometimes, it settles into the muscles and never stops. Your wand-casting abilities could be affected."

"Oh . . ." Her voice came out in a murmur, her eyes fixated on the stone wall beside her head.

Draco kneaded the pads of his thumbs into her skin, surprised that it was as soft as he'd thought it would be, following the paths that her tendons and bones wove. His stomach danced in a way that made his body tingle and it was all he could do to fight his magic at least a little, to keep himself from leaning down and burying his face in her hair.

The silence that stretched between them was tense and charged with electricity, and Draco was sorely tempted to sink into her mind and see what she was thinking. His own mind was a trembling mess of magic, desire, and confusion. He knew how he felt about Granger, and that was that he wasn't interested in her that way. Blaise had managed to get him to admit one small truth, but that didn't mean that Draco had any yearning to toss aside his dislike of her and shag the daylights out of her.

"There," he said, his fingers lingering before he let her hand drop.

"It's . . ." She wriggled her fingers and then a small smile spread across her face. "It's much better. It's not trembling anymore. I . . . Thank you, Malfoy."

He hesitated, struggled, and then his magic won out again. Just for a little bit more. He held out his other hand, keeping his face impassive. Still smiling, she placed her other hand palm-side up in his. He immediately set to massaging it, noticing briefly that his magic seemed to be much more docile when he actually did what it was telling him to do, what it told him he wanted to do.

This was surreal. He was alone in a stairwell with Granger. He'd been in this position with other birds before, usually Slytherin girls in his Fifth Year, but he'd never once thought he'd have anything more than faint distaste for her.

Draco was confused.

"Granger," he said, remembering his biggest question. "The night of the attack . . . Theo told me you asked for me?"

Draco saw a pink color rouge her cheeks as she blushed. Her fingers twitched in his.

"I was delirious," she said. "But I thought you would be the only one who understood."

"Why? Because I'm a Death Eater? You thought I spent the war slinging crucio at everyone I passed?"

"Because of the night at the Manor, Malfoy," she said harshly, brow furrowing. "Because you were there."

"So . . . What? You wanted comfort?" Draco was consciously trying to be cold. "Couldn't call upon Weaselbee? Precious Potter?"

"They weren't the first ones I thought of."

Draco felt his stomach twist a bit, but he didn't press it. He supposed that was answer enough to that question. But now he had a few more. Why weren't her best friends the first ones she thought of? Why, at a time as sensitive as post-cruciatus, had she thought of Draco? He'd seen and heard her screams and pleas in the memory. Granger was a strong witch, powerful and formidable even in banter. That - what he'd seen - was desperation. She'd been reduced to sheer desperation, and in that base state of mind, she'd asked for Draco.

Why did his magical malady seem to like the sound of that?

"How long does this last for?" Granger asked, looking up at him.

"A few days," he murmured. He felt a bit dizzy, felt his magic caressing his body from the tips of his toes to the fingers that massaged hers. His magic was happy. Content. He actually felt . . . Better.

"And then it needs to be done again?"

He tore his eyes away from her hands and when their eyes met, he was surprised to see that hers looked quite bright. And near, very near. He inhaled a sharp breath, her scent filling his nostrils once again, and he wet his lips. His magic was happy and content; it was under control. And all because he'd touched her. It kept pressing images against his mind, gentle yet insistent. Images that he wasn't sure came from within himself or from whatever magical malady it was that he had.

Images of him kissing her and running his tongue down the column of her throat.

Quickly, before his skin could flush, he banished the thoughts. That was absurd. Even if he truly wanted to do that, she'd probably jinx him. Not to mention, he'd never do it without her permission or some sort of declaration. Not that he wanted a declaration, or to kiss her in the first place.

Draco felt terrified. He didn't know what was going on.

"Every three days," Draco said, trying to shake his thoughts. Then, he looked back down at her hand and continued to knead the flesh. He wondered how it felt for her. "Perhaps Potter can help . . ."

His magic thrummed. It didn't like the sound of that.

"Perhaps," she said, eyes staring at the ground.

Draco looked at her. Who was he kidding? Potter and Weaselbee barely looked at her. Getting them to help her out with something like this every three days would be next to impossible, he suspected.

"Or . . ." He trailed off as his thumbs caressed her fingers.

"Or?"

His magic pressed him forward. "I have extensive experience with this type of healing magic. If you'd like, I can repeat this spell." Then, because he was Draco, he added, "If you can pull those beaver teeth out of your bloody books, that is."

Her eyes narrowed with anger and she snatched her hand back. Draco's magic exploded with the loss and he felt the pain return as it started to attack him. It wanted her skin back in his. Now.

"Thank you, Malfoy," she said in a clipped tone. "If you'll excuse me."

He let her go, allowing the agony rip its way through his body. The weakness in his muscles returned and he nearly collapsed in the stairwell. The reprieve he'd experienced when touching her was almost addicting - he'd do anything at this moment to chase after her just so he could make the pain stop.

Draco was always in control of himself. He exercised excellent restraint when he wanted to, dressed impeccably and took care of his hair and skin as best he could, and never raised his voice unless necessary. He'd stayed in control during every situation he'd been in, save for two: the night of Dumbledore's death and the night Voldemort forced him to take the Mark. Right now, he felt the same way that he felt those nights.

Out of control.

When Draco Malfoy wasn't in control of his faculties, that meant that something was very, very wrong.




 

 

Invisible


On a Rainy Day by YounHa, You and I by PVRIS, Semi Constructive Criticism by Circa Survive, and East of Eden by Zella Day

Hermione's POV

"He came to visit you, did you know?"

Luna's soft voice shattered Hermione's reverie, drawing her attention away from her thoughts and onto the blue-eyed blonde. The two eighteen-year-olds were sitting in the grass by the Black Lake, enjoying the sight of the October sun as it danced across the smooth waters. Hermione had jumped at the chance to get some fresh air, finding that ever since she'd woken from her coma, the castle walls seemed to be getting narrower and more oppressive.

"Who?" Hermione asked, brow furrowing in curiosity.

"Draco Malfoy," Luna said, her trademark dreamy smile spreading across her face. "When you were in the Infirmary."

Hermione didn't feel as shocked by that as she would have been had she not fully embarrassed herself by asking for him after her attack. She'd been half-sane, hazy with pain, and the first person she'd thought to ask for was the person she'd been thinking about during: Malfoy. She hadn't known at the time whether or not he would come, nor had she known what she wanted from him if he did, but it had offered her some modicum of comfort in the aftermath.

"Did he . . . Did he say anything?" Hermione asked, absentmindedly massaging her trembling palms. She could still feel the lingering shocks from the cruciatus curse, and it had been more than a few days since her impromptu investigation with Malfoy outside the owlery. She'd thought of asking him to perform the massage on them more than a few times, but he'd seemed so standoffish lately that she'd lost her nerve.

And it wasn't like they were on 'helping' terms, anyway. It felt odd even thinking about walking up to him when he was always with his friends. The last time she'd walked up to a group of Slytherins, she'd been called a Mudblood whore, and she didn't much fancy a repeat of that incident.

She was still reeling from the situation with Crabbe in the common room. She could hardly believe she'd dueled by Malfoy's side, allowing him to pull her body behind his and stop a curse from smashing into her. She'd been so overwhelmed that she hadn't stopped to think about how it would appear to other students; she'd just stood next to Malfoy, let her anger wash over her, and began to battle.

"Oh, not much," Luna said. "Ron and I spoke to him for a bit, and then we were off."

Hermione glanced at her sidelong. "He spoke to Ronald?"

"Yes," she said, leaning back on her hands and tipping her face up towards the sky. "It was lovely of him to come drop by, don't you think?"

"Very lovely." She felt like Luna wasn't telling her the whole story. There was no way that a chance meeting between Ron and Draco had been "lovely."

Hermione hadn't known about the second time he'd come by, but she had known about the first. The moment she woke, Madam Pomfrey was at her side, waving her wand and administering potions. She'd been happy to tell Hermione who'd come by, saying that Harry, Ron, and Luna had been by often, as well as Minerva and Bill.

Theodore Nott had, believe it or not, been to the room at least once daily to leave fresh flowers. Hermione had liked that, and felt a bit flattered. She'd never received flowers before, and while she didn't know Theo well, it was nice to be noticed that way. She was grateful to him for finding her on the stairs the night of the attack, grateful to him for bringing her to the Infirmary.

Hermione wondered, though, what Malfoy would think about it. Malfoy had made it quite clear that he wasn't keen on her and it was common knowledge he detested Muggle-borns. While she wasn't entirely sure he still held those sentiments about thinking Muggle-borns were less than, she didn't think he would have suddenly changed to being okay with his friend fraternizing with one.

Of course, Hermione wasn't implying that there was any fraternizing going on. She didn't have the best luck with men, but she was able to think logically. Men didn't visit your hospital bedroom and bring you flowers just to be nice. And Slytherins never did anything purposeless, so Theo must have had a motive. He was quite lush, if she was stopping to think about it, with the light smattering of freckles along his cheeks, curly black hair, and bright green eyes. And he never gave her sour looks or unkind words. He always just peered at her with curiosity that she now knew was not misplaced.

He was so different from Malfoy, who was brooding and closed off where Theo was thoughtful and open. Malfoy didn't seem to be able to let things go, seemed to always have a reason to glare, but every time Hermione saw Theo in the Great Hall, the dark-haired boy was relaxed and smiling. Theo was someone she'd gotten along with in class, and Malfoy was someone she couldn't seem to stop bickering with. But Malfoy possessed something about himself that didn't seem entirely selfish, which was evidenced by the way he'd taught her a better way to wield her wand and massaged her hands in the stairwell. She remembered the softness of his fingers, the firm way he'd chased the pains away, and she'd known then that he had something kind within him somewhere. Even if he hid it behind cruel words.

Hermione caught herself. What was she doing, comparing Theo to Malfoy as though she had a choice? As though she wanted to have a choice? Comparing Theo to Malfoy implied that Malfoy was on the table. She did not want Malfoy on the table.

Besides, the Slytherins had two completely different ways of giving a compliment. Theo's idea was fresh flowers. Malfoy's idea was to tell her hair had become sentient, and that it had lost its swottiness just because he thought it looked better when she wore it down.

"Hermione!"

The suddenness of the new voice caused Hermione to jump, her shoulders lifting and heart racing as she tried not to allow her mind to flash back to that night by the owlery. She'd since received her new wand holster from Ollivander in the post, but even Hermione knew that sometimes a wand wasn't enough. She knew she could try to use more wandless magic, as most powerful witches and wizards could, but it was a bit more difficult when she was stressed and surprised. Wandless magic was finicky, and not everyone was adept at it, but after the war, everyone had made an attempt to learn it to keep themselves safe.

It just didn't seem to be very helpful when attacked from behind.

Her long mane of curls moved about her head as she whipped it around to look behind her. "Professor - er, I mean, Bill. Good afternoon!" She and Luna stood, giving him smiles of welcoming.

"Good afternoon," Bill greeted, coming to stand beside them. He slipped his hands into his pockets. "I've been looking everywhere for you. I wanted to speak to you about something. Do you have a moment?"

Hermione exchanged glances with Luna, not wanting to be rude. Luna was perhaps the only person who'd been friendly towards her this year, and the only person who seemed to be wholeheartedly accepting of her decision to help the Malfoy family. Ever since Hermione had woken up, Luna had been right there beside her whenever she could, and Hermione felt poorly for having had unkind thoughts towards Luna's beliefs about Magical Creatures. She'd been looking forward to this little picnic by the lake all week, and now that it was the weekend, she'd been eager and early to meet her by the castle's main doors.

"It's all right, Hermione," Luna said dreamily, beaming. "I've got to meet Ron anyway; we've been here for quite a long time."

Hermione felt her stomach twist a bit, as it always did when she was reminded of the fact that Ron and Luna spent so much time together, but she pushed it aside. Ron was her best friend and she wanted him to be happy, even if it wasn't with her.

After Luna had floated off back up to the castle, Hermione and Bill began to walk the edge of the lake together.

"I hope your studies are going well," Bill said, smiling. "Mother's been asking after you, and I always tell her you're excelling in my class."

"Thank you," Hermione laughed, thinking fondly of the Weasley matron. She'd unfortunately not seen her since her break-up with Ron, but she did wish her well. Hermione hadn't seen anyone that Summer, actually, finding the comforts of blending into the Muggle world much more comfortable for recuperation after the war. There were other witches and wizards in her neighborhood and they all shared an owl, but for the most part, Hermione kept to herself. "I have missed her dearly. I hope everyone is going okay?"

"Yes, everyone's chugging along quite well," he replied. "Percy's being his pompous self at the Ministry, and Ginny's off gallivanting. My father's undercover in a Muggle museum, studying artifacts, and my mother's keeping house and staying busy. George . . . Well, George is doing as well as can be expected, under the circumstances. Wheezes is the only thing keeping him afloat."

"I'm sorry to hear that," Hermione said, feeling a pang of sadness ring out in her heart. She knew how tough it could be. She'd sort-of lost her parents, but she knew it wasn't quite the same. Hermione had the ability to see her parents again if she really wanted to, even if they never remembered her again. Molly, George, and the rest of the Weasleys didn't have the luxury of making the choice to see Fred again.

"It's quite all right," Bill said. "The family is healing, and that's what's important. I should like to think that as long as we keep moving forward, we can overcome anything. Do you agree?"

"Yes," Hermione smiled. "I think the only way we can make it through the difficult times is to endure and press on. I've been having to do a lot of that this year."

Hermione truly had, and she was sad to admit, her attack in the owlery stairwell had been the only deterrent. Up until that point, she'd encountered bullying daily, but she just kept her head high and pressed on.

Since the incident in the common room where Malfoy had done what he'd done, instead of showing their disgust, students just showed her their backs. She was given wide berths in the hall, and other than Harry, Ron, and Luna, she wasn't spoken to. Her fellow Eighth Years were content to let her sit or stand amongst them, but they simply talked amongst themselves and didn't respond when she tried to include herself in the conversations. It made her sad, but she knew she couldn't spend her entire year being lost in melancholy. She made a decision she felt was right in regards to Lucius Malfoy, and she had no intention of reneging on that just to make her last year of school comfortable. After what Malfoy had done, she was sure she'd made the right choice in helping his family.

Yes, from the outside, it looked as though he were just trying to solve the crime. He'd investigated, somehow found out about Crabbe's dislike, and then accosted Crabbe to try and bring him to justice for his morbid thoughts. But from the inside, Hermione wondered if there was a deeper reasoning behind what he'd done. Malfoy was completely anti-Muggle, yet he'd done the most Muggle thing possible and punched someone in the face, and why? Because that someone had thoughts of hurting her. But was it because that someone was hurting her in the daydream, or because Crabbe - the someone - was dreaming of casting the cruciatus?

She just wished she knew why he wanted to know so badly, when he could barely stand to be in her presence without hating the fact that they were sharing precious air.

Malfoy definitely seemed the type to fixate on things. She'd been angry about him using Legilimency on her at first, but when he'd looked down into her eyes after it was done, she'd seen his reasoning. She wanted to know who'd attacked her just as much as he did, and when she thought about it, who had a better shot of finding out the truth? Her, with her books and brain? Or him, with his Legilimency and cunning? Hermione couldn't deny wondering what it would be like, however, if they worked together. She could imagine them working the case, researching in the library, questioning students, and dueling next to each other again.

She banished the thoughts. It would never work.

"That's exactly right, Hermione," Bill said in response.

Hermione, having been lost in her thoughts, thought of Malfoy again. Endurance in the face of difficult times was a must with him. He was the difficult time.

"So what did you need to speak to me about?" Hermione asked as they continued to meander around the lake's edge.

"Ah, yes," Bill said, hands still in his pockets. "I wanted to see how you were doing after the attack, and after the incident in the common room with Mr. Malfoy and Mr. Crabbe."

Hermione opened her mouth to answer, but then hesitated. She hadn't been doing well, but after the words they'd just exchanged, she thought it would be a little silly to tell him that. She hadn't been sleeping soundly, finding herself dreaming of the attack every night. Her hands had been in literal agony for days until Malfoy massaged them yesterday, but she knew the pain would be back come Monday or Tuesday. She constantly looked over her shoulder, jumping at every little sound, finding that even though Malfoy told her to keep her eyes off of the ground, it made things more terrifying. She just wanted to know who it was that had done it, so she could finally sleep again.

"I've been doing well," she lied, pushing her hair behind her ears. "It was a little unsettling to find out what Crabbe's been dreaming about, but I wasn't surprised. I'm not very . . . Popular this year."

Bill grimaced. "Yes, I've heard from Headmistress McGonagall that things have been tough ever since you spoke for Lucius Malfoy at his trial."

Hermione shot him a sidelong glance. She didn't want to keep talking about her decision with everyone, but this was Bill Weasley. He was almost like family. If he asked, she would owe it to him to tell him why.

"You don't need to tell me why," Bill said as if reading Hermione's mind, much to Hermione's relief. "I am not a hate-filled person, and Draco Malfoy is a good student. I just want to . . ." He trailed off and then stopped.

Hermione stopped, too, looking up at him curiously. A tree beside them was lively with wood pixies, and Hermione batted a couple of them out of her hair. "What is it, Bill?"

Bill pulled his hands out of his pockets and steepled his fingers in front of his mouth. He looked to be contemplating something.

"Hermione," he said, "are you and Draco in a . . . Relationship?"

Hermione felt her heart jolt, as though she hadn't heard that accusation before. It was probably the largest rumor floating about the castle and - now that Malfoy had dueled Crabbe in front of the whole common room - it was nearly impossible to prove incorrect. She knew the wizarding world hated her and probably muttered about her around their tables at home, but she supposed she hadn't thought about what the professors would think.

Of course, she wasn't in a relationship with Malfoy, but for some reason, when Bill asked her, she didn't feel indignant. Not anymore, at least.

"No," Hermione said firmly. "We are not in a relationship. We're not even friends. It's just a rumor."

"I see," he said, but his eyes were traveling back and forth between hers, studying them. "I understand that it's not my business, of course, so please forgive me. I know how this looks: like I'm trying to find things out because Ron is my little brother. But I assure you, it's not. I only worry for your safety."

Hermione's stomach flipped. Safety? Why would she need to feel safe around Malfoy? Perhaps because of the fact that the Malfoys were considered a dangerous family?

"I assure you. I'm perfectly safe around Malfoy. He's the one who needs to worry about me." She lifted her sleeve a bit, flashing her new wrist holster.

He smiled, a quick tilt of the lips. His shoulder-length hair fell forward as he nodded his head to her. "No doubt, Hermione. That is to say, I don't worry so much for your safety when it comes to Malfoy, as I do for your well-being."

Hermione looked about for a moment, then reached up and patted the side of his face in a friendly manner. She hoped no one saw. She didn't need any more false rumors spreading about her, especially not ones involving someone who was like an older brother to her.

"Malfoy isn't the one who attacked me," she said. "He's been trying to figure out who did it. Minerva told me that she assigned him to the task of figuring out the culprit, and if she trusts he didn't do it, then so do I."

"That's good to hear. I just . . . With how grave the attack was, how grievous, I only want to make sure that it doesn't happen again. Anyone who doesn't want to keep you safe is a potential suspect. Does Malfoy want to keep you safe?"

Hermione started to reply, but he continued to speak.

"Ask yourself that question, before you put trust into anyone. Not all students at Hogwarts are above breaking the rules, and it's only a short broom fly from breaking the rules to breaking the laws. Do you understand?"

"Yes, of course," she said, feeling confused and worried. "Do you . . . Do you have reason to believe that you think Malfoy was the culprit?"

What if everything Malfoy had done for her thus far was a cover-up? An elaborate way of diverting suspicion away from himself? The Legilimency in the alcove, the restitutio spell on the stairs, the duel with Crabbe? It concerned her not because she actually believed it, but because it wouldn't come as a shock to her if it was true. Had she been blindly putting her trust in someone who had given her no reason to trust him?

"I think . . . That while many people choose not to break the laws, not everyone is beholden to them." Bill looked at her then, and Hermione started to panic as images of Malfoy crucioing her assailed her senses. "I think that you should just be careful around Malfoy, Hermione, do you hear me?"

Hermione nodded, hugging herself around the arms as a particularly cool breeze whipped up. She chewed her lower lip anxiously. She knew he was right about the laws and the people who seemed to get away with breaking them. Crabbe had attacked her, only gotten six months of detention and a supposed "letter to the ministry," and when Hermione had stormed into Minerva's office to demand why, her answer seemed to be a recitation.

"I'm not allowed to discuss the discipline of other students, Miss Granger," Minerva had said while not looking up from a scroll on her desk. "I know we have a fond relationship, but I am not Albus. I will not bend the rules for you."

Hermione didn't know which terrified her more: that there were rules that prevented professors from discussing the discipline of student's attackers with them, or that Minerva thought she was just trying to take advantage of her.

What if Malfoy was her attacker? She didn't want to believe it, didn't want to think of herself as so daft that she stood in the very stairwell she'd been attacked in with her potential attacker. For a second, just a second, she'd thought that maybe . . . When he was talking about her hair, and massaging her hands . . .

What did she think?

She didn't realize her breathing pace had picked up until she was on her knees on the ground, Bill's comforting hand on her upper back. He was telling her to breathe, and she was confused because she hadn't realized that she'd stopped breathing. Dizzy, Hermione held a hand to her temple, feeling the cool air rushing in through her mouth as she struggled to inhale it, struggled to stay afloat. She felt like she'd tossed herself into the lake beside them. She felt like she was drowning.

"Please breathe, Hermione," Bill said, brow furrowed with concern. "I didn't mean to upset you. I only wanted to make sure you remained vigilant."

Vigilant. There was that word again. Minerva had used it with her too. Vigilant. Why did everyone have to treat her like it was her inability to stay vigilant that caused her to be attacked? Even Malfoy had said she needed to lift her eyes from the floor and not wait for someone dangerous to pay attention to her. But it wasn't fair. A witch shouldn't have to watch her back in the safety of Hogwarts. A witch shouldn't have to watch her back in the safety of her home.

After she'd finally managed to calm her wild heart and steady her breathing, she scrambled to her feet. She felt ashamed. Ashamed to have panicked in front of Bill about things that he probably didn't understand. Ashamed to have allowed herself to let her guard down with anyone, let alone Malfoy. Ashamed to have been so weak, so easily accessible. Ashamed to be so hated by everyone that the parchment full of suspects for her attack was as long as Hogwarts was wide.

"I'm so sorry, Bill," she said, voice thick with held-back emotions. "It's all my fault. I hadn't thought that I needed to be vigilant anymore. Voldemort is dead, after all."

"Hermione?" Bill stood, looking bemused and worried. "I didn't mean to suggest that it was your fault, what happened to you. I only meant to say that because I'm worried about your well-being."

Hermione tried to ease her storm. "I'm just . . . Frightened. I'm frightened because I don't feel like I can trust anyone anymore, and it terrifies me. I can't walk down the corridors. I can't go to the owlery to send letters. I can't even walk through the common room at night to get water because I'm afraid of who will be there, waiting for me."

"Hermione . . ." Bill looked sad, and then he sighed. "I didn't intend for this conversation to go this way. I intended to . . . Well, to find out Draco Malfoy's role in your life."

"Because you think he did it," she said bitterly, unsure why she felt so offended about that part.

"Not exactly," he said, running both of his hands through his hair and then putting them on his hips. "I just . . . Want you to be careful. Keep your wits about you, keep that wand holster on, and if you notice anything strange, please don't hesitate to come to me."

"Anything strange?" Hermione's brow furrowed. "About Malfoy?"

"Yes."

Hermione searched his eyes for a minute. She didn't know why she was clinging so badly to the idea or the notion that Malfoy hadn't been the one to attack her. She supposed it was just too difficult to believe that she could be that stupid, when she prided herself on her knowledge. After all, without her, Harry and Ron would never have found all of the Horcruxes, and she knew that. Malfoy had been cruel, but he was a Slytherin. Would he truly curse her after what she did for his family? It just wasn't plausible.

And yet . . . Bill Weasley was like family. Hermione trusted him as well as she trusted Harry, or Ron. He seemed extremely concerned about Malfoy's role in her life. Was she supposed to stand by the side of Malfoy, a person who she couldn't trust as far as she could throw a troll? Or Bill, a person she'd fought beside in the war and known for years?

"I'll take my leave," Bill said with a small, sad smile. He bowed his head once to her. "Have a great rest of your weekend, Hermione."

Hermione sat by the Black Lake for a long time after that, knees hugged to her chest, wishing that Malfoy would walk down to join her right then so she could ask him.

Do you hate me that much?

Hermione walked quickly down the corridor outside the common room, continuously throwing looks behind her over her shoulder. She needed to find Malfoy, even though she didn't really want to. She didn't want to be looking for him only to find out he was looking for her with a curse on his tongue.

It had been exactly two days since her conversation with Bill Weasley and while she knew he'd just been trying to show he cared, Hermione hadn't been able to calm her spirit since. Her days were spent in waking nightmares, always thinking someone was going to walk around the corner and hurl spells at her back. Always terrified that someone was watching her and waiting for the right moment. She didn't understand why her compassion for the Malfoys had to be seen as a fault - why someone thought that she'd done something so wrong that she deserved a crucio. She heard her own screams when she closed her eyes, and it took everything in her not to melt into fits of anxiety.

On top of that, Potions class that day had been less than stellar. She'd been partnered with Harry, who seemed to not be aware that she wasn't suddenly okay. Sneakily, she set up her station beside Malfoy in the hopes that perhaps if he just saw how badly she trembled, he might say something to her, anything at all.

After their encounter on Friday, she hadn't seen him all weekend. Come Sunday evening, the phantom pains had returned quite suddenly. In Potions, the agony was so acute that she dropped an entire jar of scarab beetles all over the ground. She couldn't even stoop to pick them up, her hands convulsing as though they were trying to catch up for the previous two days, and Harry'd had to finish the assignment without her. She didn't look at Malfoy even once that day, however, because Bill's words had made her question her fragile trust in the blond.

But now, she just couldn't take it. She needed his help.

She found him in the corridor outside the Great Hall, chatting with Blaise Zabini at the foot of the grand staircase. She stepped carefully down it in her robes, unable to use the banister for support due to her hands. Her teeth clenched, trying to bear the pain, and she took a deep breath.

Blaise spotted her first, and his smile shrunk into a smirk. "Ah, Granger. Come to steal my Drake?'

Hermione gave him a strange look, and then drew her shoulders back. Her hands trembled at her sides. "Good evening, Zabini. Malfoy."

Malfoy turned, and his stormy eyes seemed darker than usual. He looked tired, as he'd looked all day that she'd seen him, and his pallor was pale. But his eyes were almost too present as they gazed down upon her.

"Swot," he spat, likely remembering that their last encounter had ended with her abrupt exit. "What do you want?"

She couldn't stop herself from blushing. She wanted to turn around and leave, but as the thought crossed her mind, the pain was reverberating up and down her forearms. Wordlessly, she held up her hands so both boys could see the violence with which they quivered.

"What's this, then?" Blaise asked, looking perturbed.

"Phantom cruciatus pains," Hermione explained, wincing as a particularly bad tremor rocked her muscles. She stared up at Malfoy with pleading eyes.

A group of students were leaving the Great Hall, satisfied smiles of sated appetites on their faces, and they stopped at the foot of the stairs. They sent surreptitious glances in their direction, but when Malfoy's eyes landed on them like a silver riptide, they hurried away.

"What's it to me?" he asked, sneering. His gaze chilled her.

Hermione felt like she was about to start crying. The pain was nigh unbearable. "You said you could repeat the spell, if I wanted."

Blaise slung his arm around Malfoy's neck, but he continued to smirk at Hermione. "Repeat a spell, you say? I should like to know what spell he's put you under."

"Off it, Zabini," Malfoy snarled, shrugging his friend's arm off so forcefully that even Blaise looked surprised.

Hermione took a step back as Malfoy turned his withering glare upon her, and she couldn't deny it: it stung. It felt like the Malfoy she'd caught a glimpse of in the stairwell was gone, replaced by the hate-filled Malfoy she'd always known. It wasn't hard to imagine that he was the one who'd cursed her when he looked at her like that. She swallowed and then averted her eyes, feeling ashamed.

"Malfoy . . . Please?" She chanced a glance up at him through her lashes.

His eyes darkened for a moment, and Hermione thought she felt someone's magic pushing against the front of her body. She'd never felt anything like it. She didn't even know it was possible to project your magic outward in its purest, base form and have it affect others in such a way. Before she could dwell and figure out if that were true, the oppression was gone, and Malfoy had taken a couple steps up the stairs to leave.

"Come on, mate," Blaise said, and his smirk had faded. He looked at Hermione, then at Malfoy. "You're not just gonna leave her, are you?"

Malfoy paused, one foot on the step above him. "Get a hobby, Granger. It's better for your hands to be occupied, then standing around letting them convulse." His voice was like gravel, sharp and rough. "Better for you to get a hobby then come crawling after me like a sniveling Second Year brat."

Hermione felt distressed. The pain just kept going and going, like continuous electrical charges. She could no more focus on a hobby then actively participate in one with the amount of pain she was experiencing. He'd seen her drop the beetles today - everyone in class looked when the glass shattered. He knew firsthand how bad cruciatus spasms were. Why was he being so cruel?

"Malfoy, please!" she cried, reaching up to grab his elbow. She'd never before touched him this way, if she didn't count the way he'd touched her hands in the stairwell on Friday, and she'd only ever begged twice in her life. She didn't want to beg, but if the pain didn't stop, she would go mad.

His entire body tensed up and this time, she felt his magic pulsing off of him in waves. It was heavy and warm and though it didn't hurt, it felt like a warning. She felt small and like he could hurt her if he wanted to, without even turning around. She felt her knees wobbling, but she forced herself to stay standing, keeping her fingers wrapped within the black sleeve of his button-up.

"Don't plead," he hissed, glaring down at her hand on his arm. "It's pathetic."

And then he kept going up the stairs, leaving Hermione with a face colored red with embarrassment. Blaise gave her a sympathetic look and held out his own hands, the sleeves of his grey jumper sliding backward to reveal calloused palms and fingers. Hermione almost cried in relief as she moved to put her hands in his.

"Zabini."

Blaise snatched his hands back, leaving Hermione's fingers throbbing with want. They both looked up and saw Malfoy glowering down at them, his fists clenched at his sides. His eyes looked like silver fire.

"Eh . . . Sorry, Granger," Blaise said, shooting Malfoy an incredulous look before patting Hermione apologetically on the arm. He followed Malfoy, who continued to glare at him, and Hermione watched them converse in hushed, angry tones for a minute. Blaise gestured to Hermione, who felt like she was moments away from slicing her hands off, and then Malfoy snarled something in return.

Hermione felt anger bubbling up. He had no right to treat her this way. It was his time and he didn't owe her the help, but he had absolutely no right to talk to her like she was a lacefly beneath his shoe.

"Malfoy!" she yelled angrily, storming up the stairs.

Blaise and Malfoy both turned to look at her, and Malfoy's eyes narrowed suspiciously as she stopped two steps below them. Hermione put her hands on her hips, even though they still shook and ached, and fixed him with her most determined gaze.

"What now, bint?" Malfoy growled, and Hermione blinked at how low it registered in his chest.

Perhaps he really did hate her that much.

"Was it you?" she asked, keeping her voice strong. "Were you the one who attacked me?"

His eyes went wide for a moment, and next to him, Blaise's eyebrows shot up.

Malfoy took a step down the stairs, until he was right above her, and her nostrils filled with the scent of his cologne. "Are you daft, or do you have a death wish?"

Hermione held his gaze. "I want to know."

He was so close to her that if she leaned forward even one inch, she could bury her face in his chest. He seemed to be breathing quite heavily, and Hermione was sure from the look on his face that it was rage. She didn't know why she was doing this now, making this accusation. It could only end poorly.

"You think I didn't learn from Barty Crouch in Fourth Year? I know not to curse someone when their back is turned. Doesn't your precious Potter call me 'ferret' for that exact reason?" He sniffed, running his hands through his hair. The motion caused another blast of his cologne to breeze past her.

"Answer the question, Malfoy."

He narrowed his eyes and leaned in. He opened his mouth to speak, and then his eyes danced down to her lips. Hermione stood there, heart racing, unsure of what was going on. Students were walking by from the Great Hall, and she knew they were looking, but it felt like they were in the center of a cease-fire. And his magic - Malfoy's magic - it was starting to wrap around her. She felt like her lungs were being squeezed from all sides, like his magic was telling her she would never again be able to breathe if she didn't . . . If she didn't . . . She didn't know what his magic wanted her to do.

She just knew she wanted it.

His eyes snapped back to hers, and the magic was gone. Hermione sucked in a breath and stumbled down a couple of steps. She stared up at him in shock, trying to make sense of what had just happened.

"Are you unwell?" she asked breathlessly, feeling flustered and not knowing why.

His glare returned, and then it calmed into a cool storm of thunder passing across his face. He adjusted the cuffs of his sleeves.

"I'm quite well, as if it's any business of yours, and to answer your previous question: no. When I call you a Mudblood, it's not because I'm taking the piss. When I call you a Mudblood," his eyes snapped up from his sleeves and caught hers with vitriol, "it's because I want you to know you're the dirt beneath my feet. You're not worth having the cruciatus soil my wand."

Hermione lost her breath, stumbling back more steps until she was standing on the stone floor. She felt like he'd slapped her, hit her with a truth she'd been starting to forget. Nothing had changed between her and Malfoy, and she was ashamed of herself to have thought that it had. She didn't know why he'd done what he'd done to Crabbe - had it been for her? Or had it been because she'd asked for him, and he was trying to satisfy a sick curiosity?

Blaise looked stunned, and he came to stand at Malfoy's front with his back to Hermione, a hand flat on his chest.

"Mate, I think we should take a walk on the upper floors."

Malfoy glared at him and started to talk, but Hermione cut him off.

"And I suppose you hit Crabbe because you thought he got to me first, did you? I suppose you were just jealous that you thought he had the courage to make me suffer?" Hermione hissed, unable to keep the tears from glittering in her eyes. She refused to let them fall, leaning entirely into her pain. Pain that she felt idiotic for feeling.

Malfoy was nothing to her, and she was nothing to him. The fact that they were even having this conversation on the stairs where everyone could see and hear them was as absurd as Hermione thinking he wanted to help her with finding the culprit because he cared. Malfoy didn't care about her, and he never had. She'd been a fool to think so, to think they could be friends. A silly girl with a soft spot for a serpent.

She paused in her frenzied thoughts. When had she begun to think he cared?

"I could ask you something similar," he snapped. "I suppose you spoke for my father because you wanted to get to me first, to try and get your revenge in some way I still don't know."

"Why don't you use Legilimency on me and find out, Malfoy!"

His voice was a gentle yet sinister hiss. She saw his teeth when he spoke. "You first."

Hermione blinked, feeling the shame wash over her again. So he hadn't forgiven her for that, and her forgiving him for using it on her had meant nothing.

He stared at her, the glare having melted into a deadpan expression of nothingness. He walked away, leaving her with nothing, no answers, and a pair of shaking, agonized hands. Blaise shot Hermione one last look, mouthed a "he's not well," and then followed after him.

Back in the common room, her night fared no better.

Harry was sitting on the couch, flipping through the Prophet. He looked up when Hermione sat beside him on the couch, and gave her a small smile. Hermione didn't smile back, hoping he would be able to tell how upset she was just by looking at her face. Sadly, he was oblivious, and turned back to the paper.

"I never knew why they kept Rita Skeeter on at the Prophet," he said, shaking his head. "All she sees fit to do is rant and rave about things she doesn't get to experience in life. She probably spends any time she has when she's not stalking people, thinking up lists of lies to use on articles about them. Barmy nutter."

Hermione bit her lip and struggled to hold back the urge to cry. Her eyes kept darting to the portrait, dreading the thought of Malfoy and Blaise walking in. She hoped Malfoy fell out of the window of one of the upper floors and never came back, at this point.

"What a load of bollocks!" Harry cried with an incredulous laugh. "Can you believe this? 'Are aliens real, or are they just witches and wizards from other planets?' You've got to be joking! They let her print this tosh? Unbelievable!"

"Harry . . ." Hermione's voice was meek. Her hands continued to spasm, but her heart felt like it hurt so bad that she didn't notice the pain in her fingers anymore. And to top it all off, she didn't know why it hurt so badly. Malfoy had only said the same types of things he always said, ever since their First Year. Why did it feel so much worse this time?

"I don't know why I read this nonsense anymore," Harry said, seeming to have not heard her. "Just the other day, I was talking to Neville in class about the Prophet. Did you know after the war, they published a Skeeter article that said that Neville had used the sword to slice off Voldemort's head after he was already dead? Absolute rubbish. Voldemort disintegrated; there was no body to chop things off of."

"Harry," she tried again, brows knitting together in annoyance. It had been like this for the entire month-and-a-half they'd been at Hogwarts. He prattled on and on about his life, ignoring her, and he hadn't even noticed what had been going on with her this year. It was like he'd won the war and it had all gone to his head, and he didn't even realize it. He truly thought that everything was okay, and just like Ron, they'd gone back to normal one day after she'd woken from her coma. And after the duel with Crabbe on Thursday evening, he hadn't spoken to her about it except to chat with Ron briefly on Friday morning and say the fact that he'd only gotten detention was "codswallop."

The only person who seemed to notice that things weren't all right was Malfoy.

She needed to talk to Harry about it, because he was her best friend and he was the only person who'd treated her semi-decent upon finding out the decision she'd made for Lucius. He might be the only person who could truly comfort her after the things Malfoy said on the stairs outside the Great Hall.

"Speaking of class, did you know that Malfoy's been acting strange during Defense Against the Dark Arts?" Harry frowned. "His magic is really powerful. He destroyed all of Bill's practice dummies last Friday. Then, today, didn't you notice he overcooked his potion? It's just like Sixth Year - I think he's up to something."

Hermione couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't take how alone she felt. She jumped to her feet and exploded.

"Harry, look at me!"

Her voice echoed around the near-empty common room. Nearby, the Patil twins and Seamus sat on the only other full couch. They'd been talking amongst themselves, but now they looked over at Hermione and Harry by the fireplace. Hermione didn't care. If she had to yell at Harry to get him to finally listen to her, then they could ogle all they wanted.

Harry flinched and stared at her with a look of astonishment on his face. "H-Hermione?"

"All you've done this year is punish me over and over for what I did for the Malfoys! You and Ronald both - all you do is ignore me. You talk to each other and you never let me in, never invite me along with you to Hogsmeade or even to study. You spend our mealtimes talking and laughing, telling stories that I'm never involved in, and the only time you speak to me is when I get hurt. I don't want to have to get hurt just to get you to care about me!"

"Hermione!" Harry cried, throwing his arms wide but remaining seated on the couch. "That's a load of rubbish! You know I care about you! Ron and I both love you!"

Hermione scowled and crossed her arms over her robes. Her hands hurt terribly, fueling her outburst and making it stronger. The truth was pouring out, and she couldn't stop it. She couldn't make it another second without standing up for herself.

She was lifting her eyes off of the ground and paying attention.

"I'm tired of pretending like everything's all right, Harry!" she said. "I know exactly why things have been different this year, and you know what? I'm not going to keep standing by, waiting for you all to forgive me. So from now on, if you're going to be my friend, don't do it by halves!" Then, she looked at the other couch, glaring. "That goes for the rest of you! I'm not a floor mat, and I don't deserve to be walked all over."

Parvati, Padma, and Seamus all exchanged glances, looking wide-eyed and shocked.

As she turned to go, Harry slowly stood up, his face contorted in an angry expression. He put his hands on his hips.

"Oh, so you want to know why things have different this year, Hermione? Let's talk about it. No, come on, let's talk about it!"

Hermione gritted her teeth, keeping her arms crossed, and waited.

"Things have been different this year because you betrayed all of us! All of us who fought for the side of Light. Dumbledore would be alive if it weren't for Malfoy fixing the cabinet and allowing the Death Eaters to flood the school. He's terrorized the lot of us for years, and you decide to, what? Help his father? It doesn't make any bloody sense, Hermione!"

Hermione couldn't remember ever being angrier at Harry, could never remember feeling more betrayed. It felt worse than all the words Malfoy had ever slung at her combined, knowing that her fears about her friends had been right. Because if Harry felt this way, then it stood to reason that Ron did, too.

"I decided to help his family, Harry. I couldn't stand by and watch them lose the last thing they had left. Especially when they were forced to throw in their lots with Voldemort. You don't even know the half of what he went through."

"And you do?!" Harry challenged, hands still on his hips. "And you do, Hermione?!"

"It's not difficult to make conjectures, Harry, based upon what Voldemort was like."

Harry scoffed, shaking his head, his emerald-green eyes wide. "Merlin's beard, Hermione, are you blind? Have you gone mental? You haven't gained anything from throwing in your lot with them! They've used you as a pawn, and you can't even see it. It's sad."

"Why is it so trying for you to be able to stomach that I am a forgiving person, Harry?"

Harry threw his hands up and scowled. "Merlin. It's not about forgiveness, Hermione. It's about stupidity. Pure stupidity. It was stupid of you to do what you did. It was stupid because you're not gonna get anything out of it!"

"I don't want anything from it except what I got, and that is the knowledge that both Narcissa Malfoy and Draco Malfoy are going to be able to move on from what their father put them through. Like the rest of us get the luxury of doing. We all got the choice, Harry. Malfoy didn't. Narcissa didn't. They had to join Voldemort because they had no other choice!"

"We all have a choice, Hermione. Always."

"No," Hermione said, shaking her head. "We don't all have the same choices, and we certainly don't all have the same luxuries. Do you think the House Elves have choices? No. So to think or to say that we all somehow have the same choice, the same Quidditch fields, the same opportunities . . . That's simply not true."

"Don't tell me I don't know about House Elves, Hermione." His eyes glinted like steel.

Hermione forced her trembling hand to curl and she pointed at him. "Don't you dare derail this argument, Harry Potter."

"Then spell it out for me, Hermione," Harry said, throwing his arms wide again. "Spell it out, because I'm simply not understanding why after all the deaths and all the pain that Lucius Malfoy caused, you would stand up for him at his trial - our one chance to get justice for what he'd done. For the lives he destroyed and the people he killed."

Behind him while he was talking, across the room, the portrait swung open. Blaise and Malfoy stepped in, both looking considerably calmer than earlier. They froze when they heard Harry yelling, but neither Harry nor Hermione noticed them in the shadows where the firelight couldn't reach.

Hermione twisted her hair up with one hand, her anger causing her neck and chest to heat up, and she fanned her face while she spoke. "I did it to help their family, I have told you this already before! I'm sick to death of repeating myself just to help you understand something that you could never possibly understand if you lack the compassion and wherewithal to -"

"Why, Hermione?!" Harry's voice was thunder and lightning.

Hermione answered with fire and ash. "Because he could be good, Harry! He could be good, and the only reason why he's bad is because someone made him that way! I thought that if I could just help to give him a chance, then maybe he could change. He could be good."

Harry stared at her, looking on in horror. "You've really gone absolutely mental, haven't you? Hermione, Malfoy can't be good. He can never be anything other than the sum total of his actions, and none of his actions have ever been good."

"That's not true," Hermione said through clenched teeth, fists shaking at her sides. She glared at the floor. It couldn't possibly be true. It was a parent's job to teach their children the right type of person to be. With Lucius as his father, Malfoy never had a chance. Hermione had seen her opportunity to help save Malfoy, and she'd taken it. No matter the consequences.

She just hadn't thought the consequences would be so dire.

"It is true. You're trying to save a family that doesn't deserve to be saved!" Harry shouted, taking a step forward. He jabbed a finger in her direction. "You're trying to save a family that wouldn't save you, given the chance. They stood there and watched while Bellatrix tortured you. They stood and watched while you screamed. You talk of compassion, but I don't see compassion. I see delusion."

Hermione stood there, staring up at her best friend as he deigned to talk about things he didn't understand. He wasn't the one who had to have nightmares of that night at the Manor. He wasn't the one who had to listen to her scream and see her writhing all over the floor. He wasn't the one who had to endure it. Hermione was. And so was Malfoy.

"How dare you, Harry Potter?" Hermione whispered, shaking her head as her heart ached.

"Yeah, how dare I," Harry snorted, arms crossing over his chest. "How dare I, when I'm the one who's trying to bludger some bloody sense into your head. You didn't save his family. You only sacrificed your own."

Hermione couldn't take it anymore. She tangled her hands in her wild curls, squeezed her eyes shut, and screamed the truth.

"I wasn't trying to save Lucius or the Malfoy family as a whole, Harry! Merlin, I was trying to save him!"

The silence that hung over the common room was palpable. Seamus was standing with one hand on his hips and one over his mouth. The Parvati twins were still seated, staring at the scene with their jaws hanging open. On the boys' and girls' dorm stairs, several Eighth Years had padded out in their pyjamas and slippers, clearly shaken by the scene of Harry Potter and Hermione Granger's friendship exploding. Blaise had his hands on his head, eyes round as saucers and shifting from Hermione to Malfoy and back again. Ron was there, walking over to the fireplace, and standing resolutely by Harry's side, waiting.

And Malfoy, bloody Malfoy, was standing beside his friend with an expression of pure rage scorching the skin on his face. And that rage was trained directly in their direction. Now that Hermione knew he was there, could see the look on his face, and the look on Harry's, she felt like a damn fool.

None of these people knew the real parts of her heart and mind, and when faced with them, wanted nothing to do with her.

Hermione felt deflated.

"The war is over, Harry," she said softly, feeling a sadness settling into her bones so deeply that it felt like she was sinking down into the floor. She'd stood up for herself, and it felt like she'd lost everything. "Put down your wand."

Ron hadn't spoken, and Hermione didn't think he would. He just glared resolutely into the fire.

Harry sighed and reached for her. "Hermione, it's not about the war being over or not. It's about the scars that war leaves behind. Not all of them heal."

Hermione ripped her sleeve up, revealing the angry, crimson-red reminder of her resolve to help the Malfoys. To help Draco Malfoy. All because of her compassion, and what they'd experienced together that night at the Manor. Ron and Harry's eyes both popped out of their skulls, for she'd never shown it to them before on such blatant display.

"I know about scars, Harry. And I know who deserves forgiveness and who does not. Malfoy does. If you want to live your life miserable and full of hatred, then that is your decision. I don't want that for my life. If the entire wizarding world hates me because of it, then I suppose it's just as well. My life will be much happier if I'm not surrounded -" She glanced over her shoulder at all of the students gathered on the stairs, her eyes full of flames. "- by witches and wizards who are full of hate."

For the first time, the anger seemed to be leaving Harry's eyes. He looked drained. "Hermione, I'm sorry that this didn't go the way you planned. I understand that you think you did the right thing, but some people don't deserve to be saved."

"You're just a person, Harry! You don't get to decide who deserves to be saved, and who doesn't! Just because the world dubbed you Chosen, doesn't make you God!" Hermione cries with a furrowed brow and passionate tone.

Harry stared at her, mouth parted, and disappointment clouding his eyes. Mistrust. Betrayal. He didn't understand. Even after everything she'd said tonight, he still didn't understand. Hermione didn't know if he wasn't understanding because he truly lived with hate in his heart, or if it was because he never wanted to put his wand down again.

Hermione glanced over his shoulder once at Malfoy, who's rage had softened into cold ire, and then she returned her gaze to Harry and Ron. Ron still wasn't looking at her. She looked from one to the other, wondering what would become of their friendship, if they even had anything left they wanted to share with her.

She would not be fine with it if they decided not to be her friend anymore, but Hermione was strong. She would stand by her decision, even if she failed. She would rather go to school with everyone hating her, looking over her shoulder, scared of being cursed, than live a life full of anger at someone who'd never had the chance to be his own person.

"Good night," she said, all of the energy and steam lifting from her body and causing her shoulders to sage. Her hair went limp and her eyes fell to the floor. She hoped this would all be worth it in the end.

Without another sound, she pulled her sleeve back down and trudged up the stairs. She wove her way through the silent students, aware of their eyes on her, and locked herself in her dorm.

That night, her dreams were full of monsters.

The next day was less awkward than Hermione expected. She walked into the Great Hall in the morning with her shoulders back, robes on, and hair plaited into a braid at the side of her head. She felt like she'd wasted so much time worrying about whether or not her friends cared about her, and hadn't been focusing on what she'd originally come to school for: to finish out the year and take her N.E.W.T.s. She'd spent weeks pining after her own friends, all because she'd done something she truly believed in, and she was done caring what people thought about it.

Apparently, everyone was done caring about it, too.

At breakfast, it became painfully clear that whatever was happening before was not her fellow Eighth Years ignoring her. What was happening now was them ignoring her. The moment she sat down, in-between Luna and Hannah Abbott, everyone scooted away except for Luna. Luna assured her she didn't share the same sentiments as everyone else, squeezed her hand, and told her to be careful of Nargles. Everyone else just carried on as usual, even Harry and Ron, who chatted with their friends about things they obviously had no desire to chat about with her.

Though it hurt, Hermione had made her decision and she was sticking to it. She ate her food while reading a book, and did not look down the table once. Just like First Year, before she became friends with Harry and Ron, she walked with lips pressed together, nose in the air, and eyes trained forward. Everyone acted like they didn't know her in classes, for even the younger classes had heard about the Great Golden Trio Break-up.

There was one person who spoke to her in class, though.

During Transfiguration, Theo Nott chose to sit down right beside her. She'd smiled at him cautiously, unsure of how much he knew or cared about from the common room debacle. Theo had merely smiled back, asked her how she was doing, and then settled into his seat. Hermione found herself feeling quite a bit better as her quill scratched across parchment, even though her hands still hurt. Theo was quite kind, occasionally leaning over to share notes with her, say funny things, or compliment her.

After lunch, a most surprising thing happened.

Theo walked her all the way to Advanced Potions, asking her about how she was doing. She told him the general truth, which was that she was handling it as well as she could, and he'd stepped closer to her and smiled down at her.

Hermione had, at first, wanted to take a step back. But she found upon looking up into Theo's eyes that there was nothing dark or serpentine about them. So she stood there, allowed him to reach and touch her hair, and smiled back up at him.

"Would you like to go to Hogsmeade with me this weekend?" he'd then asked, and she'd felt surprised.

Hermione didn't know what to say, so she told him she'd think about it and respond to him when she decided. She nearly flinched, expecting some outburst of Slytherin anger, but he'd just smiled, chucked her under the chin, and told her he'd be waiting for her answer.

When she walked into her Advanced Potions class, she sort-of felt like she was floating.

Hermione sat down at the very back of the classroom, finding that her conversation with Theo had made her later than usual. She took out some spare parchment and her quill, and waited for class to begin. After she did, she kept her hands loose in her lap, so as to not exacerbate the convulsions and pain.

She was careful not to look over at Harry and Ron, who were sitting beside each other and whispering. They did look back at her once, but she continued to stare forward. After the argument she'd had with Harry last night and everything that had been said, she needed a lot more time before she offered them the gift of her looking in their direction.

"Hermione Granger, you have some serious explaining to do."

The sudden voice caused her heart to race, and she placed a shaking hand over her chest. She turned and saw none other than Blaise pulling a chair out to sit beside her, a wolfish grin spreading across his face. He wore a green jumper and black trousers, and after he sat down, he folded his arms on the table and leaned forward.

"Good afternoon, Zabini," she said coolly. She still didn't quite know how Blaise felt about her, especially after the things she'd said in the common room about Malfoy.

Blaise opened his mouth to speak, but suddenly looked over his shoulder. Hermione glanced, too, and she felt her stomach do a front flip when she locked eyes with Malfoy. He'd just walked in and on his face, she saw nothing but endless exhaustion. He looked worse than he'd looked yesterday, like whatever color he had within his skin was slowly draining out of him. Her brow furrowed and she wondered - was he not getting enough sleep? Or was he just unwell? Perhaps he had a magical malady of some sort?

Malfoy's gaze washed over his normal seat, where Blaise was beside, and then Hermione on the other side. He hesitated, and then chose a completely different seat across the room. Hermione felt a bit of dismay. It was clear to her where they stood now, if they even had a standing in the first place. She'd known what she said last night was serious, especially about her wanting to "save" him, but she'd expected him to . . . Well, she didn't know what she'd expected him to do. She just knew that what he was doing was not it.

"Well, that's quite telling." Blaise chuckled, lacing his fingers behind his head.

Slughorn lectured for a bit, and then split them all off into partners to brew a complicated potion. Blaise was partnered with Hermione, oddly enough, and she waited for him to get the cauldron.

"Someone's spoiled."

Hermione gave him a strange look. "Spoiled? What are you on about?"

"You're waiting for me to get your cauldron, yeah?"

"Well . . . Yes," Hermione said, flustered. Then, when she caught sight of the way his eyes twinkled, her cheeks stained red. "Oh . . . I can get it. It's okay."

"No, no!" he said, quickly standing up. "Wouldn't want you to have to change your routine, Granger."

What was that supposed to mean?

He retrieved the cauldron and ingredients, and Hermione moved through preparing them as well as she could with her pained hands. Blaise watched her with an unreadable expression, as he had finished his portion of the preparation first. She dropped things quite a few times, catching Malfoy's tired eyes once from his table across the way, and she wondered what both boys were thinking.

While the potion was brewing, Hermione sat down in her seat and tried not to focus too heavily on the pain in her hands. Beside her, Blaise sighed.

"When does the song and dance end?"

"Hm?" Hermione tore her eyes away from Malfoy, who she'd been absentmindedly watching brew his potion. He just looked so . . . Miserable. She wondered if it was her fault?

"This very . . . Interesting waltz you and Draco have going on," Blaise said. "I'm just wondering how much longer it will be before one of you makes the first move."

Hermione stared at him in alarm. She looked him up and down and then leaned in. "Are you sozzled?"

Blaise threw his head back and laughed, the sound causing Malfoy to peer at them over his shoulder. Hermione looked back at him, and he quickly looked away.

"Honest to Merlin, not a bit," Blaise said. "But I am starting to become drunk off of the thought of you and Drake finally snogging. Or shagging. Honestly, Granger, I'd take both."

It was then that Hermione realized, without a shadow of a doubt, that Blaise Zabini was infuriating.

"There's nothing going on between me and Malfoy," she said, using her wand to stir their potion counter-clockwise fifteen times. "There's no . . . Metaphorical dance."

"If you think that, then maybe you are quite daft," he said, leaning in. "I know a lot about you, though, Granger."

Hermione set her wand down and then narrowed her eyes at him. "What could possibly know? We've hardly had a conversation. Honestly, Zabini."

"Hmm, let's see," he said, tapping his chin in mock-thought. "I know that you let him get your cauldrons for you every day. Right off the snitch, that's a sign."

"A sign?"

"A sign." He looked over at Malfoy, whose back was turned. He lowered his voice. "I also know you kept his robes."

Hermione's eyes went wide and she nearly choked on her air. Right . . . The robes her familiar now slept on every night. The robes she was probably never returning.

"The robes," she repeated. Her hands twitched, ached.

"The bloody robes, Granger," he said. "I also have reason to believe you never changed out of them on purpose."

"What?"

"Remember the whole . . . Tripping about thing, letting the sleeves cover your hands . . ." He waved his hand dismissively. "Yeah, I saw that."

"Oh Merlin, Zabini!" Hermione exclaimed, and this time, Malfoy fully turned the upper half of his body to peer at them. His eyes looked dark grey, more of a slate color, and when Hermione looked up at him, he looked away. Again.

"And did you forget about the Legilimency?"

Hermione cast a cooling spell on the potion in the cauldron, her eyes wandering over to Malfoy again. She wondered if he was angry with her, if he truly hated her as much as it sounded like he did the last time they spoke. She wondered why he'd been so different the time they investigated in the stairwell, and why he looked so exhausted now. Malfoy truly was an enigma.

"I'd love to," she said with sarcasm.

"You're a know-it-all swot." She glared at him. "Oi - his words, not mine. You're a know-it-all swot, therefore you must have known that forced Legilimency is borderline illegal. Yet you forgave him almost instantly. Odd, yeah?"

Hermione bit her lower lip and gazed at the table. He was right about that. Had Harry or Ron done that to her in her younger years, she would have panicked, scolded them, and then forgiven them. But Malfoy? It didn't make any sense to her. Why had she been so quick to trust him? Why had she only been about to focus on the warmth of his hands on her elbows, holding her body flush to his?

"Andddd you're blushing," came Blaise's voice in her ear.

She jumped. "I most certainly am not."

"Hm, I'll give you this - you do stick to your wands." Blaise sat back in his chair. "Would you like to hear my theory?"

Hermione rolled her eyes and shot him a deadpan look. She arched her eyebrow, waiting. She had a bit of an idea what he was going on about, but it was so positively barmy that she didn't even know if she wanted to listen to what his theory was.

"I think you did it on purpose," he said with a roguish grin. "Oh, aye, I think you did it on purpose. And what's more? You liked it."

The blush on Hermione's cheeks deepened and out of a knee-jerk reaction, her eyes flitted up to look at Malfoy again. He wasn't looking at them and instead had his head buried in his arms on the table. His partner was gazing at him quite dreamily, a smile on her face that made Hermione feel an indecipherable emotion.

Blaise continued to banter with her for the rest of class, but Hermione hardly paid attention. She was completely lost in thought, trying to figure out her feelings. She truly had grown accustomed to Malfoy getting her cauldrons, and no one seemed to have noticed that no matter who her partner was, Malfoy always brought her a cauldron before going back to his own partner with theirs. She looked down at her hands, watching the violent way they spasmed, and she wondered if she'd have to get her own from now on. They weren't allowed to use magic in Potions class if it wasn't on the actual potion brewing, so what would she do now?

As for the robes, Hermione herself didn't quite know why she hadn't changed. She'd just felt so warm and safe in them, even though they were too big, like she was surrounded by a power that no one could hurt her in. It was selfish, really, and made no sense because they were Malfoy's robes, but at the time, she hadn't cared.

The Legilimency . . . She hadn't so much forgiven him as she had accepted it as retribution and necessity. She'd done it to him first, and he was a Slytherin; revenge was practically in the list of house rewards. And for finding her attacker, it had been necessary for him to see what happened from her memories.

She didn't know what was going to happen with that now, though. It had been weeks since the attack and they were no closer to finding the culprit than they had been. Of course, 'they' might not even be a 'they.' She had a feeling that she'd be solving it on her own, or giving up on it altogether. She had her wrist holster, so she was ready if anyone tried to attack her again.

At the end of class, Malfoy left ahead of everyone, speeding out like a bludger was on his heels. Blaise hopped to follow him, pausing to turn around and mimic a waltz dance move to her. Hermione couldn't help but chuckle.

Later, as Hermione walked to her Defense Against the Dark Arts class, she wondered if Blaise was right.

Was she waltzing with Draco Malfoy?



 

Invisible


Strangling Tree by Little Red Lung, Believe by Luke James, Artemis by Lindsay Sterling, and Here Comes the Winner by Dance Gavin Dance

Draco POV

Draco remembered only ever wanting to kill Potter once.

The two of them hadn't ever been friends, and even in their First Year, when Draco extended his hand to him, he'd been secretly hoping Pothead didn't take it. And when he didn't, Draco was happy. Because for Draco, it was never about being a Pureblood and surrounding himself with like-minded individuals. For Draco, it was about proving to himself that Potty wasn't someone he needed in his life. Because someone that famous couldn't possibly be all good, and because if he didn't take his hand - if the illustrious Harry Potter thought he could decide who was good enough and who wasn't - then Draco wouldn't have to worship him like everyone else did. It was never about being a Pureblood, and it was always about being able to see people for who they really were.

In Sixth Year, Potter decided he was better than Draco.

At his lowest point, Draco had stolen away to the bathroom, sobbing at his grotesque reflection in the mirror as guilt wracked his body. Katie Bell had barely survived, Dumbledore wouldn't last the year, and Draco wished he could be dead. It was overwhelming, the pressure his father put on him. Overwhelming, the fear he possessed of the Dark Lord. He could still feel the tip of Voldemort's wand, flaying his skin open as it dug into his flesh, dragged a line down his torso, and hissed the cruciatus into his very blood.

Potter had accosted him in the bathroom, in spite of his tears, and they'd engaged in a duel that almost ended his life. If it weren't for Severus, the sectumsempra would have caused every ounce of blood to drain from his body. In that moment, Draco thought of how badly he'd failed his family, how painful their deaths would be. He realized he didn't want to die. Not until he knew they were safe.

As he bled out on the floor with Harry Potter glaring down at him, Draco truly wanted to kill him.

So yes, Draco hated the Golden Boy. He'd thought he hated him before then, but after that display of callousness, he knew he hadn't. He hated Potter in that moment because in his deepest, darkest time, Potter hadn't cared that Draco was crying out for help. Draco had been begging for someone to intervene and help him. Instead, Potter decided he wasn't worth saving and tried to kill him.

Draco only ever remembered wanting to kill Potter once, but after watching him yell at Granger in the common room, he wanted to again.

He didn't quite know what was going on, but when his eyes landed on Granger's bitter, fury-filled face in the firelight, when he heard Pothead's vicious words, he'd figured it out.

At first, he'd thought to himself how ridiculous they looked, fighting in front of everyone like Second Years. He was exhausted and had a very painful day. Things weren't getting any better with his unfortunate illness, and his magic was oozing out of his core like molten rock. He felt his angry emotions tenfold, from annoyance that made him want to slam a student's head into the wall to get them to shut up, to rage that burned Hellish flames in his heart and caused him to nearly avada a Fourth Year for getting in his way at lunch.

As their fight continued, Draco felt shock reverberate in his bones at each new revelation that Granger bit out through clenched teeth. He felt a sour taste fill his mouth at the knowledge that she'd been trying to save him and not his family, his initial reaction being to defend his father.

But then he'd seen the way the fight left her eyes when she realized Potter truly did think he was better than Draco. When he'd forced her to choose a side in a battle that Draco had no idea was being fought over him. And when the resignation that her friends might never forgive her put her into a somber mood, Draco had been so sure she'd start crying. He'd always thought her strength was a facade - something she used to play make believe. But she hadn't let a single tear shed. She'd just accepted what happened, accepted her choice, and went up the stairs to bed.

It was very Gryffindor of her, and yet his very Slytherin magic was impressed.

Draco had gone to bed with everyone staring at him, watching him walk up the stairs, ignoring Potter's furious hurled threats from behind him. He'd vowed right then and there that if he ever heard Potter yell at Granger again, he would duel him.

If he ever heard anyone yell at Granger ever again, he would duel them, too.

Worst of all were the newfound feelings that had sprung up regarding Granger. He couldn't think about her without his magic flaring to life in response. In Potions class, he could smell her, could sense any slight shift in her emotions, and his magic thrummed. Her scent leaked freesia all over the corridors of the castle, and he nearly always had his teeth clenched from the agony of resisting his magic's desire to seek her out. He didn't know how he knew it was a scent, nor how he knew it was hers. He just knew he never wanted to stop breathing it in.

Draco felt out of control. He didn't know who to talk to, finding that in his most recent letter to his mother, he hadn't known how to breach the topic. He'd told her he was unwell and asked her for any advice on magical maladies, and then he'd told her to give his father his best. But the letter was a lie. A half-truth. He didn't want his mother to know what was going on. He didn't want anyone to know.

Draco knew something was very wrong with him, but when he thought about going to a professor and telling them the extent, his magic bore down on him with the heat of one thousand suns and nearly pushed him into unconsciousness. It was all he could do not to scream, and he'd force himself to lean back in his seat in classes with his eyes closed, or steal away into an empty classroom and curl up into a ball on the floor against the door until it passed.

Sometimes, it felt like his magic had become a separate entity, like it had thoughts and the ability to make choices. Like it would hurt him if it got the chance. But then Draco would have a thought of his own accord, his magic responding a split-second later, and he'd wonder: was this was all him? Was this a manifestation of feelings that were already lying dormant within him?

Did he actually feel this way for Granger?

What worried him the most was the fact that without his impeccable sense of control, he was no better than a Hufflepuff in the Library or a Gryffindor with the chance to martyr himself. He wasn't himself, he wasn't Draco Malfoy. He felt like it was Sixth Year again, and he was wandering the corridors like a ghost, eyes sunken in and chest hollow with dread.

Draco knew something was coming. He just didn't know how to stop it.

He didn't think he could.

Draco looked at himself in the mirror. It was only Wednesday, and he felt like he wanted to throw himself off of the Astronomy Tower. His joints ached, his muscles throbbed, and every breath felt like it took all of his strength. His hair had gotten a bit longer, the platinum strands now falling all over his head in choppy pieces to just past his ears. His face appeared a bit more gaunt, all angles, his silver eyes almost shimmering as they smoldered from beneath dark lashes. He had dark circles, and he was too tired to glamour them. His magic would probably cause him to change his entire facial appearance if he tried, anyway.

He couldn't stop thinking about the argument he'd had with Granger on the stairs outside the Great Hall. He'd been cruel to her before, but never that hateful. He'd never cared before how she felt, so it was perplexing to be pulling the nastiest things he could think to say out of his mind, and wanting to hurt himself because of it. She'd just wanted his help and Merlin, his magic was screaming at him to help her, but he was terrified of what would happen if he did.

He'd felt it: a creeping, sickly dread in the depths of his body, telling him that she wasn't safe around him. That she was the only person who could make him lose that control he so desperately clung to as necessary to his identity.

His magic had been exploding that night, and being near her made everything worse. Just having her there, yelling at him, begging him for help . . . After a trying day fighting his the magic off, it made him want to scream. His mind had gone barmy. Sure, he'd been attracted to women before; he and Pansy had had their times together in Fifth Year. But never before had it felt so intense and unexplainable. The fact that it was Granger, of all witches he could possibly be attracted to, was slowly starting to become obsolete. His magic didn't care who or what she was, so he was starting to wonder: why should he?

Potions class was the worst, having to listen to Blaise laughing with her, wondering what they were talking about. His magic, the malady, whatever it was, hated the sound of it. It made his ears feel like they were bleeding, the power overflowing so exponentially that he overcooked his and his partner's potion. Draco didn't know if it was his magic who was miffed or if it was him, but he'd almost given Blaise a stupefy to the gut after class.

Draco knew things were getting worse, and he knew it was only a matter of time before he couldn't hold himself back anymore. He feared he would lose his strength, give in, and let his magic take control. And if that happened, he didn't know what he would do.

He was scared.

Draco walked over to his bed, moving with the creaky slowness of an elderly man, wincing with each step. He sat down on the edge of his bed and pulled a black henley shirt on, causing his hair to stick up in all sorts of directions. Then, feeling his muscles groaning, he buried his face in his hands. He'd already run out of energy. He didn't even want to put on his trousers.

At breakfast, while he slumped over his food without caring about the fact that Blaise and Theo were talking over the top of his head, the Malfoy family owl swooped in with a letter and a parcel. After receiving a healthy pat on the top of the head from Draco, the great bird took off for the owlery, as he usually did.

Crabbe was there at the table. Draco's magic kept reaching towards his magic with murderous intent, as though it recognized it as belonging to someone Draco despised. It took all of the energy Draco had left not to hex him at the table for breathing. He didn't speak to Draco, and Draco didn't speak to him, but Draco had the distinct impression that both of them were tense and posed to strike. Neither of them were going to make the first move, but Draco knew that if either of them did, the other would be ready to fight.

Draco was still coming to terms with the fact that he hated Crabbe because of Granger. It felt like a dirty secret, one that he could never share with anyone, even Blaise. But he didn't know why he wanted it kept secret. Was he concerned about what the other Pureblood families in the wizarding world would think about him? Or was he concerned about Granger finding out? His magic's intense responses to her presence told him it was the latter.

Things were so different amongst the Eighth Year Slytherins now. Blaise and Theo spent their time with Draco, while Daphne, Pansy, Goyle, and Crabbe spent their time together. They rarely mingled anymore, and Pansy always had her arms thrown around Crabbe's neck. Goyle had long since moved away from his interest in fancying her, now finding himself having eyes for a thoroughly uninterested Daphne, who seemed to have her eyes on nobody. Theo and Blaise were all jokes and laughs, and loved taking the piss out of Draco. Lately, he hadn't been able to jest back. He was just too tired.

Draco opened the letter, letting Blaise toss the small parcel up and down in his right hand.

My Dragon,

Your last letter was received, and I have passed along your well wishes to your father. I have told him that I asked you to keep an eye on Hermione Granger -

Draco closed his eyes. He could already feel his magic starting to stir. He didn't want his father to be thinking about Granger more than he already was. He didn't want him thinking that Granger and he were in some sort of illicit affair.

His magic purred at the thought of that, and Draco went back to reading.

- and he has said that he hopes that you are able to locate the witch or wizard who attacked her. He is doing quite well, in spite of the circumstances of his location, and he hopes that your Eighth Year is exemplary. He has also stated, of course, that he thinks of you with fondness and hopes that you will be able to visit.

Draco almost crumpled the letter up. He didn't want to visit his father. His father was the cause of all of this. He was the one who'd been on trial. He was the one who'd made Granger think that if she saved him, she'd save Draco, too.

Draco didn't realize that his magic was starting to leak out until Blaise nudged him. He cleared his throat and sent a pointed look to the cup nearest him.

The tea was boiling over, the liquid bubbling violently.

Draco's first instinct was to try and shove his Occlumency walls up. So he did, over and over, but the strain on his mind was too much. It was almost like when he tried to use magic on himself, it was difficult and caused him pain. It made his head throb, pulsating in protest. But when he turned his magic outward and used it on other things, it was too powerful, too explosive.

- I am sorry to hear that you are unwell, my love. Please try to go to the Infirmary if it continues. As for Miss Granger's ailment, I have sent a cruet of the Relaxant Potion. I trust you remember it well.

Will you be attending any events this All Hallow's Eve? I will be attending a costume party at a witch's home in my new neighborhood. She's quite droll, but she bakes an excellent pumpkin pasty. I shall send you one.

As always, with love,

Mother

Draco shot a quick glance down the table as he folded up his mother's letter. Granger was at the very far end, her book held up high before her face as she munched on an apple. Her hair was pulled up into that Merlin-awful pile of curls again, and she continuously brushed loose strands out of her eyes. Her eyes seemed brighter than usual as they scanned the pages of her novel, and Draco wondered if it had anything to do with her fight with Potty. He wondered if their friendship was over, and if she felt relieved.

I know I'd be relieved to finally be rid of Potty and the Weaselbee, he thought to himself, a half-smirk lifting up the right side of his lips. He had to admit, though. After watching her virtually prostrate herself and silently plead with them to pay attention to her for weeks, it was refreshing to see her back to her old self. Of course, that implied that Draco had paid enough attention to who she was 'before' to be able to make a deduction about who she was 'after.'

He glanced down at the parcel, then back at her again. Upon taking a second look, he saw that her hands were still shaking, causing the book to waver in the air. He watched her for a moment, watched her struggle to turn a page, watched her forearms reverberating. She eventually set the book and her apple down, withdrew her wand from her sleeve, and cast a spell to make the book hover in midair.

Clever, Draco thought, and his magic twisted its way around his throat like a snake.

Draco reached into his satchel and withdrew a piece of parchment and his Never-Ending Ink Quill. He quickly jotted down a letter to his mother, and then stood.

"Oi, where are you going?" Blaise asked. "I thought we were walking to class together?"

"I've got to send a letter," he drawled, holding up the folded parchment between two fingers.

"Oh, well that's all right, then," Blaise said. Then, he smirked. "Taking out a wizard's hit on Potter?"

"Why would I do that, Blaise, when I can just kill him myself?"

They exchanged smirks and Blaise said, "You're positively ghastly, Draco Malfoy. Now, fix your hair."

Draco rolled his eyes and then left for the owlery.

When he arrived at the owlery, it was a bit crowded. He got a couple nervous glances from the younger students, but he simply moved his way along and went into the roosts. His owl floated down and took his letter, and then he watched it fly off.

Turning, Draco saw a couple of First Years standing near one of the parapets, pointing at something down the side of the castle wall. Draco's magic was calm for once, lazily encircling his upper arms, giving him a rare reprieve from the burden of its desperation. Curious, he came to stand beside them. They were both Ravenclaws, and when they looked up and saw him peering down, they nearly jumped backward. He stared at them, face impassive, and studied their faces.

"What's this, then?" he asked, arms crossed over his robes.

They stared at him, two boys of about eleven, and Draco knew they had to be terrified of him. He tried not to smirk - he'd forgotten what it felt like to be feared.

"Do you see something interesting down there?" he asked, one brow raised.

The two boys exchanged glances and then the one on the left gulped.

"Well, s-sir Malfoy, sir," he stammered, his hands shaking. "There's something . . . S-something on the wall."

"Aye, and what is it?"

"It . . ." The other one grimaced, obviously nervous. "It looks like scratches. Sir."

Draco's eyebrows shot up and he immediately looked down over the parapet. The boys scrambled up beside him and looked over the edge as well, their little hands on the stone and their feet raised on their tip-toes. The three boys stared at the stone directly beneath them.

Six score marks razed through the stone of the parapet, horizontal to one another and about 2 feet apart. They weren't exactly the same size and when Draco reached down, he felt that the depths varied from line to line. As he touched the stone, he wondered: could his magic be projected outward and used for this?

Draco's magical core hummed as he drew upon it, willing it to smooth down his fingers. It sprung to life, oozing its way down the length of his arm, trickling over the back of his hand, and then filled the empty space of the marks. He closed his eyes for a moment, tried to listen, and frowned. There was magic lingering within the marks already, a very minimal amount. It seemed familiar to his own, but he wasn't quite sure who or what it could belong to.

His heart skipped a beat and he smirked. He finally had something concrete. He knew Granger probably thought after their argument that he had no intention of figuring out who'd hurt her. But the one time he tried to entertain the idea of giving up the search, his magic had wrapped so tightly around his lungs that someone beside him in Ancient Runes thought he was dying.

"What do you think it is, sir?" the boy beside him asked.

"I think it was a werewolf," said the other boy. "Only a werewolf could make marks like that."

"A werewolf, hm?" Draco rubbed his chin and put his other hand on his hip. It sounded ridiculous. There weren't any werewolves at Hogwarts, and as far as he knew, there never had been. Sure, he'd heard a wolf howl once or twice, but the howls had come from way out in the Forbidden Forest. Not to mention, Draco had experienced the displeasure of sharing his home with the most fearsome, sadistic werewolf he'd ever encountered.

Fenrir Greyback.

Draco felt his magic shuddering. Fenrir had been there that night at the Manor, laughing maniacally to the sound of Granger's screams. He'd promised horrible things would happen to her, and his aunt had threatened to pass her over to him if Granger didn't tell her the information she wanted. Was it possible that Greyback had climbed the wall that stretched between the castle and the owlery? If so, how had he gotten onto the school grounds?

"That's not possible," Draco murmured to himself. "Werewolves can't cast spells. They can't use magic."

"Maybe they can," the boy on the other side mused with a shrug. "We haven't learned much about them yet. We're not meant to for awhile. But I read a book about them before. Nothing in it 'bout magic, though."

"Are you talking about the attack on Hermione Granger?" the boy next to him asked.

Draco nodded once. "What d'you know about it?"

"I was walking by the tower the night it happened," the other boy said. "And so we've been trying to figure it out ever since. Are you Hermione's friend?"

Draco's eyes flashed. Absurd. "Not . . . Exactly."

The second boy elbowed him. "Koichi, I told you the Malfoys don't like Mudbloods."

Draco knelt down in front of the much shorter boys, giving them each a small smile.

"Don't believe everything you read and hear, boys," he said. "And the word 'Mudblood' is improper. Are you Pureblood wizards?"

"Yup," Koichi said. "I'm Koichi Harada, and this is Gregory Bell. We call him Rory."

Draco froze, old guilt chilling his heart. His eyes washed over Rory. "Your sister wouldn't happen to be . . . Katie Bell?"

"Yes. She didn't come back this year, though. Do you know her?"

A mental flash of Katie Bell in the Infirmary, frozen in a magical coma caused by Draco's murderous attempt to hurt Dumbledore. The guilt started to mingle with his magic and his hands trembled.

"I did."

"Well, anyway," Koichi said, "we're both Purebloods, and we both know how bad the Unforgivables are. The fact that someone used one against Hermione is awful."

Draco placed a hand on each boy's shoulder. "You say you both were walking by when it happened?"

"Just me," said Koichi, giving him a wave of his wand. Then, he looked ashamed. "But I . . . I got scared when I heard the screaming."

"That's all right," Draco said gently. He squeezed the boy's shoulder, wondering what Granger would think if she saw him acting like this. He supposed she would pinch herself and ask if she were dreaming. Draco Malfoy, being kind to First Years?

Rory nudged him. "Tell him what else you heard."

"It was a few moments before Hermione Granger started to scream," Koichi said, appearing pale. "I heard growling, and then I heard the c-curse."

Draco frowned. Growling and then the curse? If it was a werewolf, how was it able to speak while in wolf form? Were there two attackers present? Were there werewolves at Hogwarts? Draco had so many questions and his magic was starting to grow frenzied, beating him about the already-sore muscles. If Granger had been attacked by werewolves, why? How could they use magic? If for some reason werewolves could use magic, what would be the point? They could have just mauled her, as morbid as that sounded. And how had they known exactly where she'd be in time to climb up the wall?

Why were the scratches only at the top?

"My thanks, boys," Draco said, rising to his feet. "You've been a big help."

Rory and Koichi grinned at one another and followed Draco as he went down the tower stairs. They chattered excitedly behind him, hurling theories and asking if they could help. Draco hid a smile, but had no intention of putting children in danger. If it really had been a werewolf, then he didn't want anyone else involved. Especially Granger. He was going to have to find a surefire way to keep her from being attacked again.

"If you ever see her by herself and someone's giving you a hard time, can I count on you to keep an eye out?" Draco asked at the foot of the stairs.

Rory and Koichi both looked surprised.

"The Muggle-born?"

"I thought you said she wasn't your friend?"

Draco sighed. His magic was acting up again, and it was starting to hurt. "Listen. Headmistress McGonagall tasked me with the very important job of discovering the culprit of the attack. I can't very well have her getting attacked again when I haven't solved the current case."

"Oh, I see," Rory said. Then, he shrugged. "I suppose we could, but . . . We're still First Years. How can we help?"

Draco pulled his robes open and reached into his trousers' pocket for his coin purse. He produced three galleons from within. The two First Years watched with wide-eyed, slack-jawed shock as Draco wandlessly cast a Protean Charm on them. He could have done it with his wand, but he found he rather liked being stared at with reverence.

"Here," he said, handing them each a glowing galleon. "If you ever come across Granger and she's in trouble, just tap your wand to them to send a message. I'll come running."

"Excellent!" the boys said simultaneously.

"Will you tell us when you solve the case?" Koichi asked.

"Absolutely," Draco said with another quick smile. He placed his hands on their shoulders and turned them around. He patted their upper backs. "Now, run along. Your help has been most appreciated."

"Bye, Draco Malfoy!" Rory said, waving over his shoulder as he and Koichi dashed off down the hall.

Draco frowned after them. He hadn't expected himself to become so involved, but when he'd heard that Rory was a Bell, he couldn't just send him on his way without interacting with him in some capacity. He knew it was selfish and only for his own peace of mind seeing as he'd never once admitted it nor apologized to Katie Bell about the cursed necklace. Not that Draco would ever be caught dead apologizing for anything, of course.

He had a magical malady that made him want to boff Granger; not brain damage.

Draco went straight to the Library after dinner, his hand full with the note he'd received from McGonagall to go into the Restricted Section. His illness hadn't gone unnoticed by any of his professors, and they put in so many complaints about his sleeping in class to the Headmistress that she'd approached him in the entrance to the Great Hall with the note already prepared.

"I know you've been to see Madam Pomfrey, and she has informed me that your symptoms match no magical maladies she currently stocks potions for," the old bird had said. "I have prepared you permission to enter the Restricted Section to study books on Healing Magic. You may find more information there."

Healing Magic was high-level magic; way beyond Hogwarts. It was magic you only learned if you went into the field. Draco didn't think he'd be able to do much more than the healing spell he'd learned from his mother for cruciatus pains, but it wouldn't hurt to get in there and have a look around. He was also curious to root through the stacks and grab a book or two on werewolves to do some light reading.

Draco skimmed some books on magical maladies in the Restricted Section, casting a silencio spell to cancel out the sound of the moaning, whining, and growling books. He saw a lot of things about nose warts, knobby joints, green skin, and other surface ailments, but there didn't seem to be anything that involved one's actual magical core being adversely affected. He even checked a book on curses, wondering if perhaps someone had cursed him, but he found nothing of use. He sighed, feeling his magic swelling inside him, making him feel like his skin were about to burst.

He ran both of his hands through his hair. Perhaps what he was going through was some familial curse or situation? The fact that it made him unnaturally attracted to the person he'd always hated most was a definite sign. Could it be some sort of Pureblood line punishment for admitting to Blaise that he thought Granger was fit?

That was ridiculous. Draco shook his head. He had more to worry about by his father finding out he thought Granger was fit than he did from a curse or magical malady. He was losing it, he had to be. Whatever was going on with him was starting to drive him starkers.

Draco walked through the Library, eyes scanning the shelves until he reached the Supernatural Creatures section. He pulled out his wand, yawning from his exhaustion.

"Accio werewolf books."

Nothing.

"What?" he muttered under his breath. He looked around, trying to see if Madam Pince was nearby, but the lights were dim and no one was around. He sighed and started scanning the shelves at his height or lower, looking for a label. He went past ghosts, demons, ghouls, even haunted pumpkins. From Waggerty's Book of Haunts to The Study of Leprechauns for Financial Gain by Rimp O'Connell, he saw not a single book on werewolves.

He thought back to the werewolf essay that Weasley assigned at the start of the year and sighed. He'd written his entire essay based off of his personal experiences with Greyback; he'd never come to the Library to look for a book. But then, how had any of the other DADA students in Eighth Year done it? Were the books all checked out?

Madam Pince appeared at the end of the aisle, a stack of books floating behind her as she walked. She waved her wand and one of them shelved itself.

"Madam Pince," Draco said. "Do you happen to know where I can find a book on werewolves?"

Madam Pince sighed. "Werewolves must be popular this school year. They're all gone."

"Gone? As in, checked out with other students?"

"One student, yes," she said with a sour look.

Draco waited a moment but when she didn't continue, he shook his head. "So . . . Whom?"

Madam Pince glowered at him and flicked her wand. A book sailed rather viciously by his head and slid into its spot beside him. "I'm not at liberty to discuss what students check out for their assignments."

"That's absurd! I need -"

"Good evening, Mr. Malfoy." Madam Pince turned and wandered deeper into the stacks.

Draco scowled and jammed his fingers angrily through his hair. He could feel his magic starting to pulsate, and he worried that it might cause damage to the books in some way. He stepped away from the shelf and headed down the aisle. Perhaps he could go back to the Restricted Section and focus some more on magical maladies for now.

As he passed by a study alcove, Draco felt his magic begin to go into a frenzy, shooting up and down from foot to head to fingertips. He gasped and his hand shot out to rest against the edge of a shelf, his body trembling as he tried to make sense of what was going on. He squeezed his eyes shut, gritting his teeth.

Soft sobs could be heard coming from inside the alcove and when Draco snuck a glance around the edge of the stack, his magic began to roar inside his head.

Granger was seated at the desk within the alcove, her head in one hand as she wept unashamedly. She wore an oversized blue jumper and her yellow uniform skirt, and her shoulders trembled almost as much as he could see her hands quivering from where he stood. He sucked in a breath, resisting his magic's frenzied desire to go to her, and pulled himself back out of sight.

Oh, Merlin. Merlin, Merlin, Merlin and his fucking beard. Draco had no idea what to do. As he stood there, he could hear her crying. It was the type of crying that said something was very wrong. The kind that implied that she was weary, broken down, and couldn't hold it back anymore.

The problem wasn't that Draco didn't want to go over there; it was that he did. He wanted to go over there so badly that his body hurt, his stomach flipped over and over, and he felt like he couldn't breathe. His magic was wound tightly around his neck, silently threatening him, telling him to stop fighting it.

But he couldn't. He couldn't go over there when she was likely crying because of something related to him. If it wasn't that she was hurt by what he'd said to her the day before, then it was because of her friends being royal bollocks, and even that had roots involving Draco. Draco wasn't even sure if he hated her as much as he used to. What he was sure about was that he was confused, didn't know what was going on with him, and wasn't sure whether he could trust himself or not anymore.

He wished he could tell her that he'd only said those things to her outside the Great Hall to keep her at arm's length. He'd said them to her because his magic wanted him to do things to her that she'd never forgive him for. That he'd never forgive himself for.

Her. Her. Her. His head repeated the words over and over and his magic caressed the letters, telling him they were good. That it was good for him to go over to where she was. That she was good, and that all of the pain would stop if he would just give in.

When he saw her left hand trembling so much that she dropped her quill and knocked over her inkpot, Draco felt a deep pity rising within him. He felt like it was his fault, and his magic was whining at him, telling him that yes, it was his fault and yes, he should go over there and yes, he needed to touch her and make everything better.

He was standing next to her in the alcove before he even registered that he had been walking. There was only one light above, casting an orange glow over the area and throwing the rest of the alcove into shadows.

"Granger," he said, his voice gruff and low.

She flinched and whirled in her seat, gazing up at him with her wand in hand. He felt it pressing into his abdomen and he didn't bother to move it. He hoped she jinxed him. Her cheeks were stained with tears and flushed from embarrassment, and she quickly wiped her eyes with her free hand.

"M-Malfoy," she said with a small sniffle. "What do you . . . What do you want?"

He didn't trust himself to talk yet. He pulled out his wand and waved it over her parchment. The fresh ink vanished, leaving behind her already-dried notes. She just stared at it, then back up at him and in her eyes, he saw suspicion.

"What's . . . Why are you crying?" He was fighting it as best he could. Fighting his magic as it tried to force him to his knees in pain. His mind was running wild. It wanted him to embrace her, nuzzle his nose into her throat, worship her until her tears dried up.

"It's not any business of yours, Malfoy," she spat, keeping her wand trained on him. It moved with the spasms of her hand. "And in any case, you made it quite clear that my well-being is not your concern."

Draco's eyes remained focused on her lips. They were full, swollen from sobbing. He wanted to devour them. He couldn't breathe. He couldn't breathe. He needed to do something. Something.

"Give me your hands," he murmured. He tried to raise his Occlumency walls as she gazed up at him, but once again, it wasn't working. He couldn't seem to get any of the walls' foundations laid down.

"No, I'm perfectly capable of - What are you doing?"

Draco didn't wait. He picked up her now-empty inkpot, transfigured it into a chair for himself, and then sat down beside her less than a foot away. Then, before she could protest, he took her left hand in his. She froze, lifting her wand in surprise as he began to press his fingers into her palms. His eyes remained trained on her hands, hoping that keeping them off of her face would ease the storm that raged within his body. Her scent was surrounding him, light and floral, and he was reminded of how delicate she was. Just like a freesia bloom.

"Malfoy," Granger huffed, close enough for Draco to feel her breath hit his skin. "You said -"

"Fuck what I said," he growled, his magic snarling with him. He didn't want her to take her hand back. When he did what his magic wanted, what he wanted, it didn't hurt anymore. His mind was finally clear enough to function and think. And when it was clear, he saw the truth.

He wanted to touch her. Him. Not the magic.

She went silent, sitting there with her hand in his and her wand tightly wrapped up in her other. Draco could feel her eyes on him, scrutinizing him warily, and he clenched his teeth.

"Must you stare?" he muttered, keeping his eyes on her small fingers and fingernails. They were bitten to the quick. "You're not a bloody owl."

Her hand twitched in his and he instinctively tightened his hold on it. Her fingers curled a bit in response.

"I'm perplexed. And I'm angry."

"The Gryffindor Princess is angry with me," Draco said, rolling his eyes. "It's not as if that's a new situation."

"I hardly think you know me well enough to make that deduction, Malfoy. For your information, I'm quite mild-mannered and polite."

"About as mild-mannered and polite as a dragon."

"The only dragon here is you, Malfoy."

"Thank you," he said lightly as his hands kneaded patterns into the center of her palm. With each massaging motion, his fingertips reached closer to her wrist and then to her forearm. "I consider that a compliment."

Granger scowled. "You're insufferable."

"I'm nothing, if not predictable," he said, and he felt his own voice rumbling in his chest. His magic was starting to reach out, he could feel it, tendrils of something unexplainable reaching towards her. He couldn't take his eyes off of her face.

"You're not predictable," she said, frowning, gaze still not lifting up from her hand between them. "You aren't predictable at all."

Draco felt his magic jerk forward suddenly, nearly dragging him forward off of his chair and toward her. He fought against it, putting all of his focus onto the petal-soft skin of her fingers, palm, and back of her wrist. He was taking this one liberty, this one chance to touch her, and he wasn't going to let his magic win.

But Merlin be damned, it felt good to give in, even just a little.

"Why were you crying?" he asked in a drawl, as if he didn't actually care to hear the answer.

She said nothing for a moment, and Draco saw her bite her lower lip. The sight was so alluring that he almost leaned forward.

"You saw - you heard the argument," she said finally, voice quiet. "Harry and I . . . I'm not sure if we're friends anymore. If we are, our friendship might never be the same. And my hands, they . . . They hurt so badly, I just couldn't handle it anymore."

"Your hands hurt so badly that you wept?" he asked, still moving his fingers over her flesh.

She squeezed her eyes shut for a minute and Draco felt a spot of panic. Was she about to cry again? His magic didn't like the thought of that. After a moment, fortunately, she opened her eyes again and nodded. She watched him work.

His fingertips followed their desired path, slipping along her wrist beneath the sleeve of her jumper. His fore and middle fingers rubbed circles against the thin skin, and he felt her inhale sharply. His eyes flicked up to her face, where the drying tears still glistened. She didn't look the slightest bit angry. Rather, her brows were furrowed, her eyes were on his hands, and her lips were pressed together firmly, as though she were puzzled about something.

Without taking his eyes off of her face, he slid his fingers further down into her sleeve, pressing down as he went. When he felt her scar, she twitched and almost took her hand back. He held more firmly, using both of his hands to push her sleeve down to her elbow, revealing the crimson-red stain on both of their pasts. He frowned.

"G-Give me my arm back," she said, trying once again to pull away.

"No," was all he said. His eyes studied the scar, looking at the crude letters, his mind flashing back to the tears on her face back then. His magic shot up and wrapped around his arms and hands. It wanted him to hurt whoever caused it, even though that person was already dead and gone.

"Malfoy, I'm serious."

He sighed and let go, and she hurried to put her sleeve back down. She shot him a scathing look, but wriggled her fingers experimentally. The hand lay still compared to her left one, which was still trembling with force. Draco hated sitting there and staring at it. He wanted - needed to grab it before his magic stopped being so forgiving with him for merely touching her hand.

Draco placed a hand on the back of her chair and slowly reached across her front for her wand hand. She stared at him in wild-eyed incredulity as he grabbed her wand with his fingers.

"Malfoy," she said indignantly, but she made no movements. Their bodies were very close, and Draco's body was heady with her scent. "You sh-should never take a witch's . . . A witch's wand."

"You don't scare me nearly as badly when you're nervous, Granger." He plucked the wand from her hand, feeling her eyes scanning his face as he held it up beside him. "Now, give me your other hand."

She glared at him, but he knew he'd won. He knew how much pain she was in. She slapped her hand palm up against his, and he set her wand on the desk.

"Good girl," he murmured as his fingers started to massage the convulsing muscles of her right hand. His magic continued to hum and sing, even as mortification clouded his body from what he'd said.

She was looking at him now, but she wasn't saying anything. Draco's magic had pushed forward and was hovering along her torso, mere millimeters away, where she couldn't detect it. Draco wished it was his mouth on her arms, shoulders, neck . . .

"In case you were wondering, your precious Potter and the Weaselbee are years behind you in maturity, Granger," Draco said to distract her. He saw her chest rise as he kneaded his fingers particularly firmly. His magic was nearly suffocating him. "So it isn't a great loss, is it?"

"It's a great loss to me," she shot back. "How would you feel if Blaise suddenly stopped talking to you?"

"Blaise would never. He's in love with me."

"Prat," she hissed. "Not everyone is in love with you."

"This is news to me," he replied. He wondered how her skin was so soft. He wanted to push her palm against his face, close his eyes, and kiss the inside of her wrist.

"Why did you say those horrid things to me last evening?" Granger suddenly demanded. "In case you didn't hear last night, I've decided to stop being used as a rug. You can't say those things to me and then . . . Show up here and do . . . Well, this."

Draco narrowed his eyes at her, pushing his thumbs along the tendons in her wrist. He wasn't going to tell her why. If he did, then she'd know that he wanted to snog the witch out of her until all that was left was Muggle.

"I can do what I like," he said.

She was fuming. He could feel it. It made him want to shove her up against the bookshelves. She snatched her hand back, catching him by surprise.

"Not with me, you can't."

Draco smirked. "I'm absolutely gutted."

The sad thing was, he was. He wanted nothing more than for her skin to be against his again. He wanted to drag her out of that chair and onto his lap. Backwards, so he could run his tongue along her collarbones and feel her back arch up against his chest. He took a deep breath, lacing his fingers behind his head to try and keep them from inching toward her.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Her voice came out small, hushed, and it only made it worse.

Draco blinked, realizing that without his Occlumency walls, he was as good as an open book to someone like her. He averted his gaze, pretending to be studying something on the shoulder of his robes. "I'm not looking at you any type of way. What's there to look at?"

"You're loathsome. Why are you even here? I was doing quite well on my own, so if you don't mind, I'd like you to leave so I can go back to crying myself into catatonia."

Draco stared at her for a long moment, trying to figure out what to do. Then, it came to him.

"I found something."

"Found what?"

"A clue, as it were," he said, and then he stood up. "Outside the roosts at the owlery."

Her eyes went wide and it was as if their bickering had never occurred. She scrambled to her feet and shoved her notes and quill into her bag. Then, she was off, and it was up to Draco to catch up with her.

Draco sighed heavily. The constant back and forth of him doing what his magic wanted and not doing what it wanted would be the death of him.

"For the record," Draco said as they walked out onto the stone walkway between the Tower and the roosts, "I'm not your pet project, Granger."

He could hear the owls hooting from within. Above them, the waxing gibbous moon shone rather brightly, illuminating their way.

She frowned. "Who said I thought of you that way?"

"Judging by the things you shouted at Potty, it's clear you thought I was something that needs to be fixed." He paused by the parapet. "I'm not broken. And neither are you."

She headed closer, but he stopped her with a hand on the front of her shoulder. She looked down at his touch and then up at him. He couldn't read the expression on her face, but in the light of the moon, he could see wariness in her eyes.

"Stop acting like you're something that needs to be fixed, Granger," he said firmly, eyebrows raised beneath his bangs.

"I'm not," she said, shoving his hand off of her.

"You are," he countered, stepping in front of her before she could go to the parapet he planned on showing her. "You helped my father because there's something inside of you that's empty. It's empty, and you were trying to fill it by doing something selfless."

"I'm not empty, Malfoy."

"I can smell it on you," he said, and it wasn't entirely untrue. The only thing he could smell was her. "You're empty because you've given so much of yourself to Potter and the Weasel, and they've never given you anything in return."

"So you're saying I sought out a reason to feel like I matter?" She glowered up at him. "I know my worth, Malfoy. I know I matter. I'm just not appreciated. But that has nothing to do with what I did for you."

Draco felt his magic twisting lazily through the air toward her. His brow furrowed. "For me?"

"I mean . . . For your father." She cleared her throat. "Can you just . . . Just show me what you found?"

He stepped aside and gestured to the parapet. He followed her and they both peered over the edge. The moonlight basked that side of the wall, making the six score marks easy to see.

"Any ideas?" he asked.

"I haven't," she said. "At least, nothing plausible."

They stood there for a long moment, and Draco wondered at how strange it was that he was standing in the presence of Granger, feeling the way he felt, his magic going out of control. Not one year ago, he would have turned his wand on her because they were fighting on opposite sides of the war.

"Teach me Legilimency, so I can be better at it," she suddenly said. When he just stared at her, she said, "It's obvious that you aren't interested in being my friend or even an acquaintance. So you don't have to help me find my attacker anymore. Teach me Legilimency, please, so I can find the attacker myself."

Draco, shaken out of his magic-induced stupor, rested his arm atop the parapet. "It's not that simple, Granger. I can't just teach you Legilimency."

"Why not?"

"Think about it: what types of spells do we learn first in DADA?" He fixed her with a matter-of-fact look. "Defensive. You have to learn Occlumency before you can ever learn Legilimency."

"All right, so teach me Occlumency."

"Granger, it's not that simple . . ." he said, a bit miffed. "You don't need it."

"I don't care!" she cried, hands balled into fists at her sides. "I'm sick of being utterly defenseless. Imagine if I knew Occlumency during the attack. I could have defended myself."

"It's really, truly not that simple," he said, running a hand through his hair out of pure exasperation. "Occlumency takes years. What if you were attacked tomorrow? You wouldn't be ready."

"Malfoy, please!" She looked wild, a desperation in her eyes that sobered him. For all the years he'd known her, Granger wasn't a person of desperation. She was strong. The crucio attack had reduced her into someone he hardly recognized, as though he had a right to recognize anything about her in the first place.

He wished she wouldn't beg. He wished he could tell her that the reason why he had told her not to beg wasn't because it was actually pathetic, but because his knees went weak when she did.

"Clear your mind," he said finally, his voice quiet. "Don't think about anything."

"Okay," she whispered, holding her hands at her sides. "Do I need my wand?"

"Not for Occlumency. With your Occlumency, you feel your magic as if it's solid, and you draw it into yourself. Then, you imagine yourself building your walls. Make them go as high as possible."

He could already see it was too much for her. She looked confused, but she was trying to hide it as she closed her eyes. Draco waited, his wand out at his side. He didn't want to do this, but he felt like he had to. He had to show her that she was strong, but not strong enough to do everything on her own. His magic wanted him to show her that she needed him.

Draco didn't know if that was him or his magic talking.

"I'm ready," she said, voice firm as she opened her eyes.

Their eyes locked and he attempted the spell. It was incredibly difficult with his condition, feeling like someone was squeezing his brain from all sides. He kept his face impassive and tried a second time. It worked, and he delved into her mind with as much force as he'd used with Crabbe, shredding her weak walls with ease and filling her head with darkness. She needed to know. She needed to understand. He ripped through her memories, keeping them intact, but letting her think he might destroy them. He could feel her terror, her regret, and he knew she'd learned her lesson.

When he finally pulled out of her mind, she was on the ground on her knees, her breaths coming in short pants. Her eyes were overflowing, tears rolling unchecked down her cheeks. He couldn't tell if it was because of the pain, or because she had finally realized that she couldn't control the situation.

Draco stepped closer to her and then knelt down. She looked up into his eyes and he had the strangest urge to wipe her tears away.

"Why did you do it that way?" she asked bitterly, jamming the backs of her hands across her eyes.

"I told you, you don't need it."

"Then how will I protect myself?"

"If your friends won't, then I will."

The moment the shock appeared on her face, Draco realized he'd likely said too much. He hadn't thought about it, he'd just said it. Her eyes studied his, jumping back and forth between them as though she were looking for the jest in his irises. She swallowed and when her throat bobbed, Draco's eyes flitted down to it.

He was confused about the way he was feeling, but he wasn't that confused. He knew exactly why he said what he'd said.

"You . . ." She seemed to be having trouble speaking. She wiped the last of the tears from her eyes. "You can't possibly mean that after . . ."

"I told you to forget what I said."

"No, not that." She waved a hand. "I meant, after all the years we've been at Hogwarts together. You can't possibly mean to say that you'll protect me after the way you've treated me over the years. It's not - I see no sense in it, I . . ."

"Why the Hell not?"

"Because you've never cared for me. You . . . You're a Slytherin. Slytherins are cold and selfish and the only ones they protect are themselves."

His eyes darkened, his magic beginning to rise up. She was wrong. Slytherins were guarded and exercised self-preservation, and they protected the people that were most important to them. Draco risked everything for his family when Voldemort was alive. He tightened his jaw.

"I am not heartless."

For some reason, it bothered him the most when he used that word. Heartless. As though he'd thrown himself before Voldemort's wand for his family for, what? Some good fun? The only person he knew that was heartless was the Dark Lord. Did she really think that low of him?

Why did he care?

Ignoring the oppressive way his magic weighed down on him, he stood up. He averted his eyes.

"Let's head back," he said as she stood up.

She didn't argue, and the two of them walked back to the common room in silence. She had her head held high, like she always did with that swotty nose up in the air, and Draco kept his eyes forward as they walked. They got a couple looks as they walked past students up late in the corridors, but overall, they made it back to the common room without incident.

Without speaking, Granger went up to her room and Draco went up to his.

The next day, Draco spent almost the entire day in a daze. Where yesterday, his magic had been alive and jumping, keeping him on his toes, today it was like a heavy blanket made of lead that seemed content on punishing him for not doing whatever it wanted him to do to Granger the day before. He acted much like he had in Sixth Year, his eyes staring off into space as his thoughts danced and trembled with panic.

What was wrong with him? He couldn't figure out if it was him or some illness, and it made him sick to his stomach. He felt like he was constantly fighting, continuously trying to pull his head above the sea that was his overwhelming magic. It was so exhausting that he could hardly get out of bed. That day alone, he'd only had the energy to throw on a jumper and trousers, and wore his robes open and relaxed much like Potter. He didn't even have the energy to care if he was dressed like Potter, it was that bloody awful.

He didn't know how to feel about his encounter with Granger the night before. When he woke, he could still feel her skin beneath his own. He felt weak for giving in to whatever it was that was trying to control him, even if it felt good to do it. He thought about it all day in each class, even Potions, unable to look at her. It was all wrong, Granger and Draco spending time together, and he didn't know what to do about it.

In the common room that evening, Blaise sat beside Draco on the fireplace couch. The room was empty, most students still at dinner, and the two boys stretched out comfortably. Draco kept his eyes on the fire, finding it to be the only thing keeping his eyes from sliding shut and his body from sending him into a deep sleep. His magical core seemed to be calm, though it continued to ooze and tremble like a volcano underneath the sea.

"All right, mate?" Blaise asked, leaning over a bit to rap his knuckles against the side of Draco's head.

"All right," Draco mumbled, his head propped against his hand. "Exhausted, but all right."

"You look it," Blaise tutted. "You haven't seemed well since last Friday. Have you been to the Lib -"

"Yes, yes," Draco said, his head pounding. "I've been there, done research, everything. It's some sort of . . . Magical malady. Madam Pomfrey doesn't even have potion options."

"Huh," Blaise said curiously. "That's odd. Did you tell your mum? Maybe she can send a different type of potion?"

"No," Draco said, voice monotone. "I don't want her speaking to my father about things. She's already gotten him involved with Granger."

Blaise slowly turned his head to look at the beleaguered blond, his eyes raised. "That sentence implies that there's something for him to be involved in. That you spoke to your mother about Granger. In what way?"

Draco sneered. He hadn't the energy to even argue with him. He rubbed his forehead with his hand. "I simply told her of Granger's attack, as well as her chronic pain. She sent a potion. There was nothing more to it."

Blaise gazed at him for a moment, during which Draco was so sure that he was going to start making jokes that he tensed his body. He didn't have the capabilities for such things at the moment, and he'd much rather sit and stare at the fire until bedtime.

But much to Draco's surprise, Blaise did no such thing. He instead turned to face him on the couch, one leg tucked underneath him and one arm on the back of the couch. His facial expression was serious, half-shrouded in dim lighting, partially lit by the warm magical fire.

"Draco, mate, look. I know I mess around, I tease, and I generally give the two of you a hard time, but I'm only seeing fit to carry out a mission that I have for myself. That mission is to see you at least somewhat happy before the year is out."

Draco sighed and scrubbed his face with his hands. "Merlin, 'the two of you', Zabini? Must you put us in the same sentence together?"

"Fortunately for you, yes. 'Sonly unfortunate for your father and the Malfoy Pureblood line." He made a motion as if slicing his own throat and clucked his tongue. "You might be in a spot of trouble regarding that one."

"Oh, bugger off, mate," Draco said, the sudden rise in his tone causing his head to throb. He groaned and rested his head on the back of the couch, covering his face with both hands for a moment.

"I refuse," Blaise said, propping his head on the fist of the arm that was on the back of the couch. "It's sickening, really, how well you fancy her."

"I fancy no one," Draco said, and then he smirked at the ceiling. "I'm an enigma."

"The only enigmatic thing about you is the size of your cock, which I'm sure I could simply ask Pansy . . . Or perhaps I should keep pushing you until I can ask Granger?"

"You stress me, Blaise," Draco said, rolling his head to stare at Blaise with a silent plea. "You stress me, and my skin . . . Look, it's wrinkling."

"I see no wrinkles," Blaise said, eyes twinkling. "But no, you're quite readable. At least, for me, your best mate."

"All right, Blaise, I shall humor you," Draco sighed, throwing his hands up gracefully for a moment. "Why do you want to see me happy, and why is it that you think Granger is the one to help your mission along?"

"Mate, you took a hex to the chest for the team," Blaise said incredulously. "If it weren't for you, the Dark Lord would have chosen the rest of us. We could be dead."

"He chose me because of my Occlumency," Draco said.

"Yes, but had you not made it known to him that you possessed it, he could have come after one of the other Pureblood families." Blaise gave him the smallest of smiles. "I saw you during Sixth Year. You were a ghost. A shell. Even after the war, you weren't yourself. When I saw in the paper that Granger spoke at the trial, I thought it was odd, but I didn't go too deeply into it.

"But when I heard how you spoke of her on that first night, when we were sitting right here, I knew. She's right for you, mate, blood status aside. She's the only one that can make you come alive with an emotion other than unenthusiastic conceit. She makes you angry, which is more than I can say for any of the rest of us. You tolerate everyone else. She tolerates you."

"You like her for me because she makes me angry?" Draco raised his brow. "Don't you think that's rather . . . Wrong?"

"I like her for you because she makes you feel, mate. She's a right proper match."

Draco listened to him talk, his eyes staring at Blaise's as he analyzed what he was saying. Could it be that it was as simple as Granger being a proper match for him? When he thought of his parents, he knew that they were both Purebloods, but were they proper matches for one another? His father seemed to be the one mucking everything up; could Narcissa be tolerating Lucius? How could that be considered love? And since when did Draco start thinking about things like love and relationships?

This damn magical malady was throwing a wrench in his life. He couldn't tell his feelings apart, couldn't tell whether he fancied Granger, or whether it was just his magic reaching out for her. And if it was a magical malady, and his magic was say, delirious, in a sense, did that mean she was a proper match? Magic calling out for similar magic, as it were. It was no secret that Draco was the most powerful wizard in Slytherin House, and that Granger was the most powerful witch in Gryffindor. Were they a match based upon their power? And if that were the case, didn't that seem a little . . . Confining? Like there could be no one for one another but each other, and they didn't have the freedom of choice.

Who was he to think he deserved a relationship with the Golden Girl anyway? She was insufferable, no doubt. Obviously a swot who wanted her brain to leak knowledge out of her ears so everyone could see how many books she'd read that day. And she had an infuriating, recalcitrant way of always wearing her hair up in that horrid beehive even though he'd made it pretty clear she looked better with it down. But she was good incarnate, and she had a heart that was much too big. She put up with her friends using her over and over throughout the years, always offering herself up to help them no matter what, never asking for any rewards. Granger was perhaps the only person he knew of who would have the barminess to skip Seventh Year and hunt for a way to kill a dark wizard.

As if Draco was a proper match for her.

Blaise chuckled. "So dramatic, you Malfoys."

"I'm silent!" Draco cried, laughing. "I'm sitting here in complete silence!"

"Indeed. A dramatic silence. How very Malfoy of you."

Draco started laughing, his tiredness causing a delirium that didn't allow him to stop. He and Blaise laughed together for a moment, holding their stomachs and laughing harder when they looked at each other. For the first time in a long time - much too long - Draco felt a normalcy between them that he'd quite missed.

"Oi, what's so funny, then?"

Draco and Blaise wiped their eyes as Theo hopped over the back of the couch and slid in-between them. Three bottles of firewhiskey hovered in the air and with a wave of his wand, Theo gave one to each of them.

"Theo," Blaise said before sipping his drink, "What d'you think of Granger?"

"Granger?" Theo replied, sipping as well. "I think she's proper fit. She's got that whole . . . Sexy bookworm thing going for her. Why?"

Draco felt his magic stir, awakening, and his eyebrow twitched. The firewhiskey bottle was cold in his hand. "That's a pretty specific description, mate."

"Well, she is fit. Lush, actually," he said, knocking back a gulp of the whiskey. He grinned. "I asked her out, I did. She hasn't answered me yet, though."

Draco froze with the bottle halfway to his lips, and then he looked over Theo's curly-haired head at Blaise. Blaise's eyes were as wide as they could go and his lips were pursed as if to say, "that's not good." Draco's magic had roared to life, and it swam through his veins, hot like fire.

"You asked Granger out?"

"Yeah," Theo said with a shrug. Then, when he saw that Draco was staring at him in astonishment, silver eyes flicking up and down as if to assess him, he frowned. "It's not a problem, yeah?"

On the outside, Draco shrugged and took another drink. Inside, his mind was spinning around and around, filled with images of Granger and Theo amidst unbridled passion, his name on her lips. Draco's veins were aflame, his magic clawing its way up from his core along them, urging him to stake his claim. His heart raced, faster than it ever had before, and Draco knew he was livid. More angry than he could handle.

Not his. Not his. He can't. Not his. He can't. Draco's magic roared at him, digging its metaphorical claws into his eardrums. He worried they would bleed, and he began to tremble from the force of holding himself back from pouncing on his friend.

"Theo, I think . . . I think you oughta retract that bid," Blaise said, tapping his fingers along the neck of his whiskey bottle. He brought it to his lips, eyes averted to the side. "Post-haste."

Draco leaned forward, elbows on his thighs, bottle held between them. His muscles were coiled tight like springs, ready to snap at any moment.

"You trying to mug me off, then?" Draco said, "Is that it?"

Theo's brow furrowed and he looked at Draco in disbelief. "Uhh . . . I'm not trying to mug you off, mate."

Not his. Not Theo's. Not his. The thoughts kept repeating, a twisted, furious mantra snarled into the confines of his skull like a warning.

He couldn't stop thinking of the two of them, stuffed away behind some portrait, Theo with his mouth against her skin. The skin that Draco had been longing to claim. The skin that had been touched by Draco's fingers, massaging away aches and pains that only he understood. Theo would never be enough for her. Theo would never be able to know that when she was upset, her hair grew frizzier. Would never be able to know that she wrinkled her nose when she disapproved of something. Would never know how even when she screamed under the crucio, she was so strong that the screams literally had to be ripped from the depths of her throat. Theo would never know how to make her stop hurting. Only Draco knew what she needed, what she could ever possibly need.

Draco was the only person who could give Hermione everything she ever wanted and deserved, and even that wouldn't quite be enough.

"Mate, I'm serious," Theo said when Draco had been glaring at the fire for a bit too long. "I'm not tryin' to mug you off. I had no idea that -"

"Well, asking Granger out is pretty fuckin' muggy, considering she's mine. Don't you think?"

The air between the two had grown thick and tense, and Draco's magic was bursting off of him in waves. Like a solar flare from the sun, whips of it kept lashing out in all directions, and even though it made his entire body throb with agony, Draco was powerless to stop it. His hands were shaking, he was so livid.

"She not yours." Theo was glaring now, too. "And you can't just make a claim that was never there in the first place just because you're gutted you didn't ask her first."

"Oh, fuck off," Draco said, and he nearly tossed his firewhiskey into the fireplace. "As if you think you're the wizard for a witch like her."

"A witch like her?" Theo jumped to his feet. "As if you're the wizard she needs. You've tormented her for years, Malfoy."

Draco did toss his firewhiskey now, after jumping to his feet and allowing his rage to burst forth. It shattered against the mantle, and Blaise laughed nervously.

"Come on now, let's settle," Blaise said, slowly standing and holding up his free hand in surrender. "We shouldn't fight."

"I would never hurt her," Draco said to Theo in ignorance of Blaise's words, his hands in fists at his sides. He sneered down at him, leering in a threatening way. He'd never thought of fighting Theo before, but right now, with the knowledge that Granger could be days away from going out with him, his wand hand was itching.

"That's a laugh," Theo said, but there was no mirth in his green eyes. "Considering everything you touch turns to Thestral shit. You're the last wizard Hermione Granger would ever be with. And besides. It's not like I'm trying to wed her; she's a Mudblood. But she's proper fit, and I'm taking my opportunities this year."

The words hit him like Bellatrix's whip conjuration, and he flinched. He lowered his head, his magic flaring around him wildly, and struggled to keep himself from tearing Theo's throat out. Because he desperately wanted to tear it out. He wanted to watch the blood pouring down the front of his body, his trachea still quivering as he struggled for air that would never come. Because Granger was his. Granger was his, and he wasn't going to let Theo come along and take away the only person who'd ever seen something other than darkness inside of him.

Theo jabbed his finger against Draco's chest. "Honestly, I'm not Crabbe or Goyle from Second Year. I'm not someone you can order around. I asked Hermione out, and I hope she says yes. And if she does, I'm going to treat her, feed her, and fuck her like a proper witch, if only to show her that I'm a better fit for her than you. And if you try to interfere, I'll hex you before you can finish thinking her full name." Theo turned to go.

Blaise sighed and, still holding his bottle, stepped in front of Theo. "I don't think that's a good idea. You shouldn't date her if you think of her as a Mudblood."

"Why not? I don't see a Marriage Vow wrapped around her finger. I can date, kiss, and fuck whomever I like. Mudblood or not. Dirty blood, clean blood - all pussy fucks like pussy."

Draco's magic exploded. His hand snapped out and twisted tightly in the back of Theo's head, fingers twined with his curls. He dragged Theo's head back until it was against his shoulder, the boy's Adam's apple bobbing up and down from the struggle to catch his breath. Draco held the tip of his wand against his throat, pushing hard enough to almost break the skin. His heart beat rapidly, Blaise looked on with an impassive expression on his face, and Theo stood frozen in terror.

"If you so much as attempt to fuck her, I will cut your throat from ear to ear," Draco growled, the sound rumbling in his chest. His magic wrapped around them and pressed firmly on Theo's diaphragm, causing a choking gasp to come out from between his lips. "Granger is mine, and I'll not have you touching my things."

Blaise coughed and let his firewhiskey hover in the air. He took a step forward, holding up both of his hands. "Draco, I think we should just take a second and breathe, yeah?"

Draco's eyes snapped to his, on fire with his released rage. It would be so easy to end Theo's life before he ever got a chance to go near Granger. He didn't care how this looked. He didn't care if anyone walked in. But Theo speaking about Granger like that, like she was a common Mudblood slag . . . It made his blood boil.

"Don't make the mistake of forgetting why the Dark Lord hand-picked me to follow him," Draco hissed. "There's a reason why I am feared."

Finally, he let Theo go. The curly-haired wizard stumbled forward, hacking and coughing, rubbing his throat. He whirled on Draco, glowering.

"Fuck you, Draco," he spat, hatred coloring his eyes darker. "Just . . . Fuck you."

He stormed off up the stairs, leaving Blaise alone with Draco and the empty common room. Students would start arriving from dinner soon, and Draco found himself sort-of wishing Granger would come in. Blaise put his hands on Draco's shoulders, trying to calm him down, but it felt like he was trying to stuff all of his magic into a tiny cube.

Theo was just like any other guy: women were playthings to him. He didn't care about blood status because to him, rutting was just that: rutting. Granger was above that. She may have been a Muggle-born, but she was more intelligent and more formidable than every Pureblood witch at Hogwarts. She wasn't a witch you just 'fucked.'

If anyone was fucked, it was Draco.



 

 

Invisible


Sweets by Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Would I by Maggie Lindemann, Watchmaker by Hands Like Houses, and When it Rains by Paramore

Hermione POV

Hermione could still feel Malfoy's fingers on her skin, and it terrified her.

When Malfoy appeared in her study area in the Library, she'd been beside herself and unaware that he was there. Her pain had increased to a level that was unbearable, with shivers and convulsions that made her want to black out. She'd been doing her best to ignore it, but every waking moment was a living nightmare. She hadn't been able to hold it in any longer; she'd let go and broken down.

The initial shame at Malfoy seeing her cry was soon overshadowed by the astonishment at seeing him transfigure himself a chair, take her hand, and start massaging it. The massage had been a huge relief, and she had nearly sighed aloud, until she realized that the way he was kneading her flesh seemed a little . . . Intimate. His eyes, brooding and deep, were fixated upon her face - she could feel them - as his fingers almost dragged along her skin.

The most curious thing about it all, as well as the most nerve wracking, were the feelings she had felt while he did it. It was more than the typical feelings that a massage could awaken. It was something else. Something else that she'd never attributed to Draco Malfoy. It felt good. Like he was soothing away more than just an ache. Like he was pouring something into her, some sort of silent message. With every press of his thumbs and fingertips, she felt her stomach twisting and her skin prickling.

And when it got to be too much, she'd snatched her arm back only to find that he was taking her other one whether she liked it or not. And it was that strange sense of instability - the lack of knowledge of what was to come - that made her heart skip a beat when he uttered the words, "good girl."

Hermione wasn't a virgin, not where Ronald and Krum were concerned, but she wasn't exactly well-versed in that department. Certainly not in regards to Malfoy. And getting Ron to understand any of the planes of her body as more than devices for his own pleasure had been a nightmare.

But there, in the Library, while Malfoy was trailing patterns into her forearm, tracing her scar, she'd felt like she'd never been touched before. She felt like he knew what it felt like for him to touch her hand and forearm that way. Like he knew what he was doing. It was that assumption of knowledge that had Hermione's fingers twitching underneath his practiced hands.

She hadn't dared to sneak a glance up at him, lest her torrid inner thoughts and perplexities be discovered under his scrutinizing gaze, but rest assured that she never wanted to pull herself into a man's lap more than she did at that moment.

The fact that it was Malfoy was mind-blowing. She could still remember the first time he'd called her a Mudblood, could remember the hatred she felt for him knowing that she was forced to go to school with someone who thought she was dirty. So to be sitting there next to him, watching his fingers work magic into her sore muscles that had nothing to do with him being a wizard besides a wandless healing spell, feeling her breath catching in her throat . . . It felt unreal.

As Hermione walked to breakfast, her long hair fluttering behind her in the breeze created by her speed, she thought back with embarrassment at her desperate plea to learn Legilimency. She'd known that it was a difficult type of magic, as was Occlumency, but she'd been so sure that Malfoy hated her that she wasn't sure what the point of having him look for her attacker was. And when he'd used Legilimency on her by the parapet, under the moonlight, she'd known rather quickly that she wasn't ready. She couldn't do it on her own.

Her fear over getting attacked again was beginning to eclipse everything. She was hardly able to focus in classes, on coursework, or even on eating. She knew that anyone who had the hatred enough to use the cruciatus on her was someone who wasn't going to stop at one casting. Every corner she walked around, she was so sure someone was going to hurt her that she didn't feel safe, even with her wand.

The Great Hall was full to bursting when she entered, and for the first time in a long time, no one looked over at her. She snuck a glance at Harry and Ron while she sat, but she was so used to them ignoring her now that it didn't hurt as badly to see them continue to converse with their other friends. She hoped her friendship with them would mend eventually, but for now, she had enough to worry about.

Hermione loaded her plate as much as she could with her favorite things and took a book out of her bag. She waved her wand so the book would hover, slipped the wand back up into her sleeve, and began to eat. Her eyes never left the pages.

After a short moment, someone sat in the empty spot next to her, as there was always a bit of empty space around her these days.

"Morning, beautiful." Theo Nott reached across the front of her and snagged a grape from her plate. He grinned cheekily at her while popping it into his mouth.

She felt a pretty blush stain her cheeks. He was being forward this morning. "Good morning, Theo."

"Your hair looks fantastic," he said, and then he confidently fingered a long curl in his hand. Hermione felt her scalp tingle as he twisted it around his fingers and smirked. "Have you given any thought to what I asked you about?"

Hermione smiled, but inside, she felt a small bell ringing. Theo had a distinct air about him today that wasn't there the other day. He was leaning in rather close to her, sidesaddle on the bench, one leg on either side of it. She could smell his cologne, distinctly different from Malfoy's in the way of fragrance. His fingers were gentle in her hair, but as she'd never had anyone touch her hair like that - not even Ron - it felt strange. Not entirely awful, but strange nonetheless.

Nearby, the Parvati twins were looking on in poorly-hidden revulsion. Hermione was sure she looked as though she were jumping from Slytherin to Slytherin like a slag.

"I have," she said, her mind racing. She hadn't, but now that she was faced with it, she was. For some reason, she felt like she wanted to look in Draco's direction, but when she realized how absurd that was, she calmed down a bit. It was just a date, after all. Only Hogsmeade.

Hogsmeade, alone, with a boy she barely knew . . .

"Forgive my impatience," Theo murmured, leaning in closer, his lips by her ear. "But I'm rather eager."

Eager? Hermione's brows twitched as she studied his face. Perhaps he just meant eager to spend time with her? She supposed she should feel flattered. Theo was very handsome, and even though he was the son of a Death Eater, he was kind and had never called her a Mudblood or anything of the sort before.

Unlike Malfoy.

"All right," she said.

"Yeah?" He raised his eyebrows, still grinning.

"Yes." Setting aside her nerves and reservations, she smiled.

Theo beamed down at her, tugged on the strand of hair in his hand for a moment, and then leaned forward to press his lips against her cheek. She felt the blood in her face rushing to the spot in a blush, and she couldn't seem to find words. Theo got up and practically trotted back to his end of the Eighth Year table, leaving Hermione to return to her meal and book in a daze.

"Nice, Hermione," Parvati said, shaking her head.

"First Malfoy, and then Nott," Padma added, tossing her hair over her shoulder as she took a bite of a stick of celery. "You sure like to muck about, don't you?"

Hermione rolled her eyes and focused back on her reading.

The chocolate-haired witch had no idea how the date was going to go, but she was hopeful. Theo seemed uncomplicated compared to the brooding storm cloud that was Malfoy. Not that she wanted to go on any dates with Malfoy, but if he were to ask her out, it would be a lot more complicated than just going to Hogsmeade.

Hermione didn't quite know if she wanted to go to Hogsmeade alone with a Slytherin who used to be on Voldemort's side, but things were different this year. Theo didn't seem to share the same sentiments as his father, the Death Eater Nott Sr. so she supposed everything would turn out all right.

When she was done eating, she got up and walked out of the room. Through the tall windows that lined the Great Hall walls, she noticed that the cloudy sky was as grey as Malfoy's eyes.

Hermione had Transfiguration with Ron and Luna, and luckily for her, Luna was sitting in the middle seat of a 3-person table. She smiled dreamily up at Hermione as she sat beside her, placing her hand atop Hermione's own.

"How are you faring, Hermione?" Luna asked, her blue eyes full of kindness.

"Quite well, under the circumstances," Hermione replied lightly. She didn't miss Ron's indignant snort in the background. "How are you?"

"Spectacular," Luna said, and then she squeezed Hermione's hand. "I see your hands are better?"

"Oh . . . Yes, Malfoy assisted me again," she said, carefully keeping her eyes on Luna. She could see Ron peering at her with narrowed eyes, but she paid him no mind. He'd chosen to take Harry's side in the argument they'd had in the common room, and she wasn't speaking to either of them if she could help it, until they either apologized or forgave her.

"That's so kind of him," Luna gushed, a flower in her hair seeming to glow of its own accord. "Have you guys mended your friendship, then?"

Ron scoffed. "Friendship? With Malfoy? I'm not surprised."

Hermione ignored him. "I'm not sure we ever were really friends, Luna. He's . . . He lives in his own world. But he did help me with my hand, this one last time, I think."

"Oh," Luna said, sounding disappointed, fingers still twined with Hermione's. "I think you may be incorrect, though. I think he cares for you. He's just got too many Nargles - they're making it difficult for him to think clearly."

Hermione had grown used to her magical creature beliefs, so she humored what felt like her only true friend for a moment. "How does one clear their head of Nargles?"

"Tell him to boil mistletoe and then eat the plant," she said, another flighty smile appearing upon her lips. "Now, did I see Theodore Nott at our end of the table this morning?"

Ron crossed his arms over his chest. "I saw him, too. Are you changing Houses?"

At that, Hermione just had to respond. She leaned around Luna and fixed him with an icy gaze.

"No, Ronald," she huffed, "I'm still a bloody Gryffindor. Just because I'm mingling and practicing inter-House unity does not mean that I'm able to suddenly change my House."

"Could have fooled me," Ron muttered, averting his eyes in annoyance.

Luna laid her other hand on his shoulder. "Be kind, Ron. Hermione, are you friends with Theodore now?"

"You could say that," Hermione said, smiling a bit. "He's asked me to Hogsmeade this weekend."

Luna beamed, positively radiant, but Ron was a lightning bolt of repulsion.

"Oh, yuck, you're going out with another Slytherin?!" he exclaimed, drawing several looks from the students who had arrived to class early like them.

"Not another," Hermione said, seething. "Just one."

"She was never in a relationship with Draco Malfoy, Ronald," Luna said softly.

He looked down into her eyes and Hermione could see his infamous Weasley temper melting away. She wasn't surprised that Luna would be the one to match him so well. He seemed to never be able to ease his temper when Hermione was dating him, and it wasn't like Hermione had the ability to put up with it. It wasn't like Malfoy, where they bantered back and forth but with the end goal of revelations. Bickering with Ron was like trying to convince a seven-year-old to like peas when he vehemently hated them, and then expecting him to be able to articulate why with something other than, "I just don't."

Hermione halted her thoughts. That was the umpteenth time that day alone that she'd compared wizards to Malfoy.

"So, Theo's asked you to Hogsmeade?" Luna turned back to her. "Are you going to go?"

"Yes," Hermione said. "Though I do wish we were staying at the castle. I'm not sure I'm quite ready to go alone to Hogsmeade with someone yet . . ."

Ron glanced over at her, actually looking a bit curious. "Haven't you been already? With Malfoy?"

Hermione's face contorted in an expression of bemusion. "What? No. Of course not. I barely see Malfoy outside of class. We're not friends, like I said."

He pressed his lips together in disbelief but went back to pouting towards the front of the class. It would be starting in a few minutes.

"Well, you could always ask him to change the destination?" Luna suggested. Then, her eyes lit up. "Oh, perhaps Ronald and I could come along? It could help your nerves."

"What?" Ron's eyes widened. "But, Luna, I don't want -"

"It will be fun," Luna said, floating her hand up to caress the side of his face.

". . . Fine," he muttered begrudgingly. "Where to?"

Luna tapped her chin. "Let's ask Harry for the key to Hagrid's Hut. We can go and have a cozy meal by the fireplace. How does that sound, Hermione?"

Hermione brushed her hair behind her ears thoughtfully. Yes, that did sound like a perfectly sensible idea. She wouldn't have to be so nervous and worried about being alone with someone she didn't know, especially after her attack. Hagrid's Hut was familiar, and it was still near enough to the castle that they wouldn't have far to walk if it rained.

"All right," she agreed. "I'll find out what day, and then inform you."

The Professor had bustled in, so class was about to begin. Luna leaned over and whispered to her before it did.

"Don't worry, Hermione. I'm sure Malfoy thinks of you as his friend. He just has a funny way of showing it."

Hermione almost told her she could say that twice.

After class, on her way to lunch, she heard a voice calling to her. She paused amongst the crowd of students, turning to see none other than Blaise Zabini coming towards her.

"Good afternoon, Zabini," she said, eyeing him a bit warily. She thought he was kind, judging by how he'd acted on the stairs the night Draco had yelled at her, but she never could tell with Slytherins.

"All right, Granger?" he said, holding the strap of his leather bag with one hand and waving to her with the other. "Can I steal you for just one moment?"

"Oh, er . . . Well . . ." She gave him a hesitant look, both of her hands tightly wrapped around the strap of her own bag. She still needed to be careful. When it came to her attack, everyone was a suspect.

She supposed by that logic, Theo was technically a suspect, too, yet she'd agreed to a date with him. Perhaps she was being too cautious. It was difficult to reconcile how normal things were before the attack, and how she yearned for them to be normal still. She often caught herself doing things the way she always had, having to remind herself that she was attacked and that those things weren't safe anymore. But it was hard when all she wanted was to forget that it happened, and it wouldn't have mattered how vigilant she was. She was attacked from behind.

Perhaps it was best to keep everyone where she could see them.

"It'll only take a moment," he said, and his eyes looked pleading. "It's important."

"Well . . . Okay."

He jerked his head in the direction of the nearest windowsill, and she followed him over. She stood while he perched halfway onto it, resting his hands on his folded legs.

"What's this about?" she asked, feeling a bit worried. Blaise never had cause to speak to her of his own accord. The only time she ever had was when he sat by her in Advanced Potions class. Even that hadn't been completely serious.

"I'll just . . . Get right to it, then," he said with a grimace. "I wanted to warn you, really. About Theo."

Hermione's heart skipped a beat. "Warn me?"

"Yes. He's not . . . He's not got your best interests at heart, Granger. Malfoy wants you to know that."

Her eyes turned to flint. "Malfoy sent you to speak to me?"

He blanched and waved his hands. "No, he hasn't. He just . . . I just know this is what he would want me to say. I'm just looking out for him."

Hermione's brows knit together. "So . . . You're coming to warn me . . . About Theo . . . For Malfoy? That sounds like it's less about my well-being, and more about Malfoy's."

Blaise sighed, burying his face in his hands for a moment. "Look, that's not what I meant. I'm just . . . I know he asked you to Hogsmeade. And all's I'm saying is, I don't think you should go. You should honestly tell him no."

Hermione didn't know what to think. It was too confusing. It was clear where Blaise stood, but where did Malfoy stand in all this? Did he truly think Theo wasn't a good person? And if not, what would Blaise's purpose be in coming to warn her about his own friend? It was all so bizarre.

What she was sure about, however, was that she was mad at Malfoy. He didn't have the right to send his friends to give warnings and even if he hadn't sent Blaise to warn her, he didn't have the right to decide what Hermione's best interests were. He'd made it painstakingly clear that he had no want of her in his life as either a friend or acquaintance.

"I'm sorry," Hermione said without a note of guilt in her tone. "I've already accepted his invitation. You can tell Malfoy that if he wants to formulate opinions on whom I date and what's best for me, he should probably stop being such a foul git when he speaks to me. I'll see you in class."

Without looking over her shoulder, she stalked off to lunch. But as she strode through the drafty corridors, the sky rumbling overhead outside, she wondered if she was making a mistake.

Why would Malfoy or Blaise waste their time warning them against someone they called a friend if it didn't mean anything?

In Advanced Potions that day, Hermione was officially mad at four people.

Harry, because he refused to see reason and compassion. Ron, because he was a hotheaded arse. Blaise, because he followed Malfoy like a blind puppy. And Malfoy. Bloody Malfoy. Malfoy because not only was he living his life on another planet if he thought he could spend one day yelling at her, the next day bantering with her in the Library, and then the day after that having his friend to tell her who to date.

In the back of her mind, of course, she did wonder why Malfoy would care who she dated in the first place.

"Today, students," Slughorn said from the front of class, "You'll be taking a little trip."

He waited, an excited expression on his face as he waited for some sort of fanfare to erupt. When a sea of blank faces stared back at him, he looked disappointed for a moment and then continued.

"Well . . . Anyway. Today, we're going to be creating potion that can only be brewed outside on a rainy day before the rain has fallen. Fortunately for us, as grey as it is, we've got plenty of time. The potion I speak of is on page 394 of your Advanced Potions textbooks, and it is called: Artificialis Solis. Artificial Sunlight! Do not brew the potion until we are outside. Simply prepare your ingredients, drop them into the cauldron, and then gather near the door. You have exactly thirty minutes before we depart."

A Seventh Year student's hand shot up. "The cauldrons are rather heavy, Professor Slughorn. Can we use wingardium leviosa when we're walking to the outside?"

"Absolutely," Slughorn said, and then he smiled and gestured to Ron. "Just look out for Wenby's head, hm? You can also use reducio, just be careful not to tip them over in your hands or pockets!"

Ron groaned to a smattering of chuckles, and then the classroom was a flurry of activity. For the year's first solo potion assignment, it seemed like everyone was eager to get their cauldrons. It looked like a mad dash as all of the shorter students rushed for the lower shelves.

But Hermione had no intentions of waiting for Malfoy or anyone to do her work for her. She pushed through the crowd and grabbed a cauldron, her eyes meeting Malfoy's briefly for a moment on her way back to her spot. He looked tired, as usual, but his face was blank and free of any sneers. In fact, when she chanced another glance up at him while passing by, his eyes looked quite . . . Bright. Intense.

At her spot, Hermione was determined to prove to herself and anyone looking that she didn't need anyone's assistance. Her hands weren't spasming that day, so preparing the ingredients was easier than she'd thought. She smiled triumphantly to herself when she was the first one prepared and ready. She cast a stasis spell on the contents of her cauldron to keep them from falling out by accident, shrunk the cauldron down, and went to stand by the door with a very satisfied look on her face.

She was done first. That was exactly as it should be for Hermione Granger in class.

Unfortunately, she'd forgotten about how routines worked.

"Done second, Granger." Malfoy came to stand beside her, his cauldron shrunken in his hand. He was smirking, but something wasn't quite right about his usual air of cool arrogance. He didn't just look tired - he looked like he was about ready to pass out any moment. He was holding himself together well, but Hermione knew Malfoy's normal demeanor from years spent watching him and hoping he didn't beat her to the hand-raise in class. She knew he was hiding some sort of exhaustion.

"As always," Hermione said, unable to stop herself from smirking back. She was mad at him, yes, but she couldn't resist bickering with him.

"Going with Theo, then?"

At his abrupt question, she turned to look at him. He wore his robes open, like he had been the past week, a black-button up, his green Slytherin tie, and his usual black slacks. His hair seemed too blond, a bit longer than it had been in Fourth Year, and his face was stone-cold. But his eyes . . . His eyes were regarding her in a way she couldn't quite comprehend.

"Ah, yes. You sent your goon to come try and stop me. Why is that? Have a little crush on the Muggle-born?"

"If I said yes, would it keep you from going with him?"

She froze, her head turning to look up at him. His hand was placed on the wall beside him, low by her shoulder, and she was suddenly finding it difficult to breathe. He stood close, as close as he'd been in the Library the night before last. Her throat went dry as she tried to take stock of his sanity.

Was he being serious?

"Don't be daft, Malfoy," she scoffed, crossing her arms over her chest. Other students were starting to line up, and she didn't want any of them overhearing their words. He was still looking down at her, she could feel it.

Hermione made sure to walk ahead of the entire class on the way outside, choosing to stand beside Slughorn and chat about the weather. When she glanced over her shoulder, she saw Malfoy a ways behind, Blaise beside him, and the two were conversing in hushed whispers. Her eyes slid to the right and saw Harry and Ron doing almost the same thing, just further back.

When they got outside by the lake, the students spread out and engorgioed their cauldrons. Around her, the breeze was so strong that it moved her hair about her head and she had to pull a pin out of her bag and twist it up. Everyone resumed work on their potions, heating them up with charms, and then began to lounge about under the grey, cloudy sky. Hermione could definitely tell that it was going to rain, she just hoped it wouldn't rain on the day she went out with Theo.

All-of-the-sudden, Draco was on the ground beside her, his cauldron hovering in the air by his head. He stretched one leg out, pulled the other to his chest, and slung an arm over his knee. With a yawn, he rolled his head to look at her.

"You really shouldn't go," he drawled. "What if he's the one who attacked you?"

Hermione rolled her eyes before looking around at their classmates. Most were engaged in conversation, waiting for their potions to finish, but a few shot them surreptitious glances. They didn't bother her much anymore after the fight with Harry.

"I don't think he was," Hermione answered, her wand stirring her potion in a diagonal oval motion. "I don't think the witch or wizard who did it is willing to do something as risky as ask me out on a date."

"You don't know that, Granger." He leaned back on his elbows, and Hermione's body tensed. He was only a foot to the side of her, and now that he was lying down, the upper half of his torso was out of her peripheral vision.

"I'm willing to take that risk," she said in a clipped tone, still stirring. "You know, I know it's difficult to believe, but many wizards find me attractive. Not all of the Pureblood ones find me repulsive either, Malfoy."

"I don't find you repulsive, Granger."

His words shot straight to Hermione's gut and her hand stilled around her wand. Her mind flashed back to weeks ago, when the potions assignment caused him to have to admit to everyone he found her attractive.

"Oh. Well. Not all of them find me insufferable to be around."

"I'll give you that. You are quite a nuisance."

She fought the urge to turn and glare at him. For some reason, she didn't want to be in this position. In any position where she was looking down at Malfoy while he looked up at her. Lying on his back. It was unpleasant.

Well . . . Not totally unpleasant.

Her stomach twisted again and she drew her shoulders back. She pushed her nose up into the air and resumed stirring her potion.

"Your Solis potion is going to have a solar flare if you don't stir it, you know," she stated.

"I know, Granger," he said, but his voice sounded strange. Almost like a growl. It made her skin prickle like it had that night in the Library. "Look up at my cauldron."

Begrudgingly, she let her eyes flick up to the cauldron. Malfoy's wand was charmed to continuously stir while the cauldron floated in midair, and Hermione's upper lip curled. Of course. He would find the absolute laziest way to do his work.

When she didn't speak, she felt his knuckles brush the center of her back. She flinched, nearly jumping to her feet when she felt it through her robes. His skin was searing, like he had a fever, and a shiver ran its involuntary way up the length of her back. She felt her heart racing and her wand movement in her potion stuttered.

"You shouldn't go," he repeated, his touch traveling back and forth across the bump of her spine, back and forth. Hermione thought she was going to lose it.

"Don't touch me," she snapped, because it was making her entire back feel like it was on fire.

"Why?" His hand froze. "You belong to Theo now, then?"

"I don't belong to anyone," she hissed. Her potion began to glow a rich, bright butter-yellow. It was nearly done.

Malfoy paused for a long time. A very long time. His hand didn't move, and Hermione felt like she was holding her breath. She didn't know what was going on, what had changed, or what he was playing at.

Malfoy sat up, lifted his knees, and lightly rested his elbows on them. When Hermione turned to glower at him, she realized that their faces were only millimeters apart. When she focused on his eyes, she almost thought for the briefest of moments that she could feel his magic coming off of him in waves. It was the strangest thing.

"What would you say if I asked you directly not to go out with Theo?" Hermione's cheeks flushed; she could feel his breath brushing against her face, a faint draft of spearmint toothpaste. He kept his arms hugged around his knees.

"I don't . . . Know," she said meekly, her emotions swirling in a storm of confusion. Her eyes studied his, unable to tear themselves away. Why was he so adamant about this? Why did he care so much whether or not she went with Theo?

"Granger." His voice came out as a low rumble. "Will you reconsider going with Theo?"

Hermione's eyes widened a bit. He was actually asking her not to go. Malfoy was asking her not to go on a date with Theo. She didn't know what to think of it. He'd specifically told her that she wasn't worth the cruciatus curse being cast from his wand. Why in the entire wizarding world would he care who she went on a date with?

The more she thought about it, the angrier she got. Who was he to ask her a question like that? "Don't go with Theo," for what? So Malfoy could harass and confuse her for the rest of the school year? She didn't know how she felt about Malfoy, but she did know that she wasn't interested in answering the requests of anyone who treated her with less than what she deserved. She was livid that he thought he had earned the right to ask anything of her, let alone ask her not to go on a date with someone.

Hermione's potion began to shine, and she quickly took a bottle out of her bag. She unstoppered it, waved her wand to siphon the liquid into it, and then pushed the cork back in. Each movement was jerky and firm, showing that she was clearly upset. But Malfoy didn't say anything. He simply leaned back on his hands and watched her with a slowly darkening expression.

Hermione scrambled to her feet, cast a spell to be able to easily transport her cauldron, and then stormed off into the castle. Blaise watched her, looking a bit concerned, but Hermione had a feeling it was because their earlier conversation had gone so terribly. Harry and Ron glanced up from their spots on the grass beside one another as she went by, and the look they sent her was icy. Slughorn merely called her name, sounding perplexed and helpless.

She kept going, stomping across the courtyard and scowling her way up the stairs outside the Great Hall. She couldn't believe the nerve of that prat. That self-centered, spoiled, cruel prat. What, did he think that because she'd helped his father, they had some sort of bizarre thing going on where he could make dictations about her life? Her love life? Malfoy didn't know how to say or do anything nice to her without being a git about it, and he thought she'd just agree to not going with Theo? Why in Merlin's name would she do as Malfoy asked when the nicest thing he'd ever done for her, in his opinion, was likely forcibly use Legilimency on her?

Codswallop, Hermione thought in her rage. Absolute codswallop.

"Granger, wait."

Malfoy's voice came from behind her as she stormed down the hallway to the Potions room and even though it startled her, she didn't do as he asked.

"No can do, Malfoy!" she said angrily. "I'm not interested in conversing with anyone who thinks telling me I'm the dirt beneath his feet is the way into my knickers."

Ironically, she was just passing the alcove within which he'd used Legilimency on her, when she felt a hand on the right side of her waist. She cried out as she was whisked into it and her pathway was blocked by Malfoy. After he pulled out his wand and cast muffliato and a Disillusionment charm on the two of them, he ran his hand through his hair. He stood with one hand on his hip, looking down at her in a calculating manner.

"Granger, I don't think you're dirt."

"Then perhaps you shouldn't say things you don't mean. Now, step aside."

He moved in her way again, holding up his hands in surrender. "Just wait. I need to talk to you about this."

Hermione was about to explode like one of George and Fred's firecrackers.

"I don't want to talk to you about anything!" she cried, eyes blazing. She started forward again, but Malfoy blocked her a second time. "Malfoy. I'm serious. Move."

When he didn't, she reacted on instinct. She grabbed his tie and yanked on it. His arms lifted slightly as she dragged him down to her eye level and snapped at him.

"Move out of my way, or I'll hex you until you can't walk."

Their eyes stared into one another's for a long moment, during which Hermione could feel her breaths coming in fast, her heart struggling to keep up with its own beating. She saw Malfoy's silver eyes darken and change, like a flash of light went off behind them, and then he was moving toward her. She stumbled backward, her back hitting the wall, and she tilted her head back to glare up at him with trepidation. He towered above her, his hands flat on either side of her head. He hung his head, his hair falling forward to shroud his face, and Hermione could see his chest heaving.

Hermione didn't wait for him to sort himself out.

"Why don't you want me to go with Theo? Why, when you've made it clear as crystal that I'm nothing to you? You've spent years teasing me, making me feel like absolute garbage, and all because I don't possess the blood you want me to have!"

Malfoy's fingers curled against the stone, like he was trying to gouge furrows into it. He lifted his head and his teeth were bared in a snarl. His eyes looked like they were bathed in liquid silver, aflame with rage. He appeared darkly handsome and terrifying, all at the same time.

"Shut up, Granger."

"Why? Why should I have to be silent now that I'm finally standing up to you?" Hermione's emotions were out of control. Now that she was finally releasing them all, she couldn't stop. Her anger at the wizarding world, at Ron and Harry, at Malfoy - it was all coming out now, and there was no stopping it.

"Shut up."

"No!" she shouted, tears springing unbidden to her honey-brown eyes. "No, I won't! You have made my life Hell at Hogwarts since First Year, calling me a Mudblood whenever you think it will hurt the worst. You harassed me and my friends whenever you could just because you thought you were better than everyone else around you. You stood there and watched while your aunt tortured me. I'm just a Mudblood to you, so don't you dare come to me and ask me not to go out on a date with your friend. You're not worried for my safety or my well-being. You're just worried that my dirty, muddy blood will soil his precious Pureblood reputation."

"Shut up, Granger!" His face was an unmasked expression of anger. "Don't you think I hate myself enough already?!"

Shock caused her to stand there and just stare at him, breathing heavily, fists clenched. She drew back against the wall, pressing herself as flat as possible. What had come over her? Why had she lost her self control so inexorably? The tears were swimming in her eyes, blurring her vision. She felt mortified. She knew Malfoy hated himself. That was why she'd helped his father; because she'd known that a person who hated himself had the capacity for change.

The tears spilled over onto her cheeks, but she was too scared to move and wipe them away. She just let them fall, closing her eyes in the hopes of hiding her shame behind them.

When she felt his finger brush against her cheekbone, she flinched and her eyelids fluttered open. He was looking at her differently now, his gaze burning and smoking as it trained upon her face. She felt her heart skip a beat. It was like he could see straight down into the core of her, and there was nothing she could do about it.

He took a step closer to her and it was then that Hermione felt his magic again, like she thought she had earlier. She sucked in her breath, feeling it smoothing down her arms with an almost gentle caress, raising goosebumps along her skin. She was confused, unsure of what to do or what was happening.

"M-Malfoy . . .?"

"Hush," he growled, and it was not a plea.

Hermione's mouth snapped shut. She could only stand there, trembling as his finger trailed across her cheek slowly. It made its way along the length of her jaw, near her ear, and then down the side of her neck. His eyes studied its pathway, his lips parting slightly as unreadable emotions flickered across his own face. He didn't seem to care that her eyes were glued to his face in fright and puzzlement, didn't seem to notice that what he was doing was completely uncharacteristic of him in regards to Hermione Granger.

Malfoy's hand traveled down to the base of her neck, the side of it, and his other hand came away from the wall. He took another step closer to her, until she couldn't take a breath without her chest brushing his, and she held the oxygen in her lungs. His right hand reached up and pulled the pin out of her hair, causing it to tumble down around her shoulders and elbows in curls and waves.

"You think Theo knows what's right for you, Granger?" His voice was husky, much too husky. "I saw him twisting his fingers in your hair this morning. Just . . . Like . . . This."

His eyes flashed. Hermione felt his entire hand sliding up into her hair at the base of her head, her scalp tingling all over in delight as he mirrored what Theo had done, but increased by tenfold. She'd had Ron's hands in her hair before, Theo's finger wrapped around a curl that morning, and never had it felt as overwhelming as having the hand of Draco Malfoy lost in the curls.

"Don't go with him. Don't go with Theo."

Hermione hadn't realized that her eyes were shut until the tear-clung lashes lifted. She felt like she was delirious. She gasped lightly as his other hand began to tickle at the left side of her throat. He stared at her for a second, seeming to debate something in his mind, and then Hermione felt a particularly strong pulse of magic coming from him. It was oppressive, and it felt oddly . . . Good. He dipped his head down to her neck.

Her head fell to the side of its own accord, feeling his nose brushing her skin with a near-sensual motion. All of the breath in her lungs rushed out in a sigh and she felt her knees go weak. Her fingers curled in the open sides of his robes to hold herself up as his nose brushed against her skin again.

"Fuck's sake, don't move," Malfoy murmured, his voice sounding choked. His entire body pressed against hers, her hands clenched tightly in the fabric between them. He inhaled deeply, one hand in her hair and one on her shoulder with the thumb brushing her collarbone. "You smell so fucking good."

What was going on? Hermione's legs were shaking so badly that she was sure she would have collapsed if he weren't molded so perfectly to her body in the alcove. His lips brushed her skin once, then pulled back before becoming a full kiss to her throat while he took a shuddering breath, and she felt his heart struggling against his chest. Her mind was swirling, confused. Somewhere in the background, she knew that students were bound to start returning any second and if they weren't careful, his Disillusionment charm would fail.

They. As if they were two horny Fifth Year hiding out and snogging out of the way of Filch's cat. She had no idea what was going on, and she felt like whatever it was she was feeling was way more than just being Fifth Years in the corridors.

Malfoy dragged the tip of his nose up the side of her neck, all the way to her ear. She shivered when she felt him pushing her curls out of the way,

"So good," he continued to whisper, dragging out the vowels. "You're so fucking good, Granger."

Hermione whimpered, even more confused. Was he saying she was good? Or her obedience was good? Her body seemed to respond positively to both.

His lips grazed her earlobe and the tickling pleasure of it was so acute that Hermione's back arched. A sound she'd never before made in her entire life - not even with Ron - escaped her lips and she felt her cheeks reddening in embarrassment. Her knuckles were going numb from how hard she was gripping his robes.

Malfoy repeated the movement, never quite kissing, and murmured into her ear again, "Do you think he could make you feel this way?"

Hermione was lost in another world, her eyes rolled up into her head as Malfoy turned her into a puddle in-between his body and the stone wall. She sighed again and again, her stomach twisting and telling her she'd better not move or speak or breathe or think.

"Do you?" he suddenly growled, his teeth nipping at her earlobe.

"No," she blurted out, gasping. "N-No . . ."

He did it again, capturing her earlobe between his lips, and Hermione was sure she would faint if he didn't just . . . Didn't just . . .

What the Hell am I doing?

Hermione's thoughts jolted her back to reality. She seemed to realize that she was being pressed up into the wall by Draco Malfoy, and she snapped to her senses. She uncurled her fists, pressed her hands flat on his chest, and shoved him backward. Seeming dazed, he tried to come back to her, his hands sliding up her sides, and she did the first thing she could think of.

She slapped him. And then, when she realized what he'd just done to her, she slapped him again. As hard as she possibly could. So hard that the palm of her hand stung and throbbed.

Malfoy stared at her in shock, his eyes rapidly darkening. He said nothing, just stood there, chest heaving with what she feared was unbridled ire.

Hermione's hands flew to her mouth in wide-eyed horror. "I'm so sorry, Malfoy . . . I . . . I'm so sorry . . ."

He took a step back, his hands tangled in his platinum hair. He lifted one hand like he was going to point it at her, but then curled it into a fist and twisted it against his face in distress. "I need to go. No, I . . . I need to go."

She took a trembling step forward, her knees remaining weak. "Malfoy . . ."

He scrubbed at his face with his hands. "No, I fucking need to go. I don't want to hurt you, so I've got to . . ."

He didn't even finish his sentence. He just walked out into a corridor that Hermione now saw was teeming with students and disappeared. Class was over.

As realization over what they'd just experienced, what they'd almost done, washed over her, she fell back against the wall with her hands covering her face. She was mortified. She'd acted like a hussy, acting completely out of control and overwhelmed by the slightest of touches. Even now, when she remembered the moments they'd shared, she could still feel his lips brushing against her skin.

She had to go on the date with Theo now, if only to prove to herself that she didn't have a sexual attraction to her bully.

That night, the clouds opened up and rained on Hogwarts clear into the night.

"You look positively stunning, darling."

Hermione smiled at the compliment as she stepped into the circle of Theo's arms. She wore a flowing chiffon dress with a modest neckline, long sleeves, and a hem that floated to mid-thigh. Her feet were clad in boots and her hair was pulled back into a pony at the base of her head. She'd worn a bit of Muggle make-up that day, too, feeling like it covered up her shame at having been in that alcove with Malfoy.

"Thank you, Theo," she said. "Shall we?"

"Absolutely," he said, beaming down at her. He wore a blue button-up and trousers, and his hair was slicked back with gel not unlike Malfoy's hair in his younger years. "Your friends are meeting us in the courtyard?"

Hermione nodded and together, the two Eighth Years headed out of the castle.

Asking for Theo to change the destination of the date had proven easier than she thought - he'd said he was happy to go wherever she liked. Getting the key to Hagrid's Hut was a bit more difficult, as Harry and Hermione were still mad at one another and he didn't want to help her date "anymore Slytherins." Thankfully, Luna stepped in to ask, and she'd convinced him.

Thinking back to Malfoy nuzzling against her throat, she felt a bit guilty about the fact that Luna had convinced Ron she'd never had a relationship with the Malfoy heir.

"I've never been to Hagrid's, can you believe?" Theo said conversationally.

"Oh, it's quaint," she told him, returning his smile. "He's traveling this year."

"Oh, really?" Theo kept his hand on Hermione's lower back. It was nice, but it didn't sear through the fabric of her dress like Malfoy's touch did. "Where to?"

"Harry told me dragon hunting on the train before term began."

"For kill or sport?"

Hermione tried not to cringe. Theo couldn't possibly know Hagrid's stance on magical creatures. "Oh, actually, neither. He's helping with restoration of the different species. They're capturing one male and one female per breed."

"Ah," he said, grimacing. "That's ghastly."

Hermione put on a polite smile, unsurprised. He was a Pureblood after all, and likely very rich and pampered. She could just imagine Malfoy reacting the same way.

"That oaf's hunting dragons, is he?" he'd likely say. "Hope they don't mistake him for one and truss him up with the others."

Luna and Ron were waiting for them at the top of the hill, Luna in a jumper and leggings, and Ron in trousers and a knit sweater. He didn't look too happy, but Luna waved ecstatically. Ron had a basket under one arm, likely full of their food for the evening. It would be strange spending time with Ron when she and Harry still hadn't made up, and while Ron and she hadn't made up either, she had a feeling things might be okay between her and the Weasley boy before the evening was out.

"Oh, Hermione, you look beautiful!" Luna gushed, holding Hermione's face between her hands. "But . . . It's supposed to rain. Don't you want a cloak?"

"Oh, that's all right," Hermione said, waving a dismissive hand. "We'll be back before it starts to pour."

Ron and Theo shook hands, and Hermione watched Theo's face for any signs of distaste. She knew Malfoy hated Ron, so she wondered if that was just Malfoy, or if it was all Slytherins. When she saw nothing out of the ordinary, she finally let herself relax. Perhaps she was making the right decision after all?

The four students headed down the large hill, down to Hagrid's Hut. The air was thick and humid, and Hermione knew there may be a thunderstorm before the night was out. She walked beside Theo, listening to him chat amiably with Ron. Both boys were gentlemen, holding out their arms to assist the girls as they walked so that they wouldn't stumble. Hermione thought Theo was likely the most posh person she'd ever encountered besides Malfoy, but he was different in the way that he wore it. Theo embraced it; Malfoy owned it.

When they got to Hagrid's Hut, it didn't look as dusty as Hermione thought it would. The fireplace was obviously used, and there was a definite lived-in air about the one-room cottage. She stood in the center of it as Ron lit the fire with his wand. Luna stood at the table, taking the food out of the basket Ron brought.

"Have you two been here before this year?" Hermione asked, beginning to help her. There was bread, soup, sweetmeats, and fruit.

"Us?" Ron spoke up, scratching the top of his head. "Yeah, and Harry. Some other Eighth Years. We usually stop here after Hogsmeade and drink firewhiskey before we go back up to the common room."

It felt weird to be talking directly to Ron, but Hermione was glad for it. "That's lovely. Shall we eat?"

The four of them sat around the table. Hermione's pains had come back since it had been more than three days since Malfoy last massaged her hands, so to her embarrassment, she had to ask Theo to cut her meat for her. He'd merely smiled, told her it was quite all right, and merrily sliced it into easy-to-pick-up pieces.

Hermione and Luna fell into easy conversation about frivolous things, while Ron and Theo actually found a mutual love of Quidditch and began to chat about it. The air was warm and comfortable, and to Hermione's surprise, there was no awkwardness. She even shared a few laughs with Ron, enough to where she believed they might at least be able to treat one another amicably for awhile.

Theo was an absolute dream. He was easy to talk to, had a sense of humor, and a smile that gave Hermione butterflies. When they were all done eating and Luna spelled the dishes and leftovers to put themselves back into the basket, Theo kept his arm low around her waist in her chair. She leaned into him while they all conversed and felt like there was nothing wrong about Theo at all. He was a perfect date.

So why couldn't she stop thinking about Malfoy?

"So tell me," Theo said when they were sipping firewhiskey out of glasses Ron and Luna had brought. "What exactly happened between you guys, the Golden Trio?"

Ron grimaced and looked at Hermione. "It's not exactly . . . We probably shouldn't talk about it, yeah?"

"Why don't we go walk by the lake?" Luna suggested. "Before the rain comes."

"I'd like that," Ron said, knocking back the rest of his glass. "What about the two of you?"

"I'd actually like to hang back," Theo said. "You, Hermione?"

Hermione blinked. For some reason, she felt like her first name sounded strange on his tongue.

"I'd like to stay, too. Will you and Ron be all right, Luna?"

Luna and Ron stood, and Luna smiled. "We'll be perfectly well, Hermione. Leave the basket here, too; we'll come back and get it later."

After the good-byes had been exchanged, Theo and Hermione found themselves alone in the hut.

"So, why don't you tell me, then?" Theo said.

"About me and Ron and Harry?" Hermione sighed and took a sip of her glass. "It's about as dramatic as you think. I decided to speak for Lucius Malfoy at his trial, and they don't understand my choice. I'd rather not delve too deeply into it, but I did it out of compassion, and my friends unfortunately don't want to forgive that."

"Ah, I see," he said, shaking his head. He rested an elbow on the table and turned to face her. "That's unfortunate. Do you think that your friendship will ever return?"

Hermione rested her arms on the table, tracing the rim of her firewhiskey glass absentmindedly. She didn't know if it ever would, and it was something she thought about often.

"I'm actually not quite sure how to answer that question," she said with a nervous laugh. "I should like to think that one day, we might be able to mend things. I don't know if they'll ever be the same, though."

"I feel the same way about Malfoy, actually."

Hermione forced her heart to remain calm at the mention of Malfoy. "Did something happen?"

"Yes, we had a little tiff," Theo said, smiling down at her. "Nothing to fret over. We just might not ever be able to fix it, I think."

Briefly, Hermione wondered if it had to do with her, but then she banished the thoughts. That was impossible. That would imply that Malfoy had feelings for her, and that was not something that would happen in this universe. She didn't know what happened in the alcove or how it got so out of control, but she knew for a fact that Malfoy's interest in her date with Theo had to be about her blood status.

She paused in her thoughts, trying to be the logical Hermione she knew. Was she being foolish and operating with a constant sense of denial? Was it really that simple?

Did Malfoy fancy her?

"Malfoy is a complicated wizard," was all she could think to say as she sipped some more whiskey. She felt a slight buzzing in her head, so she debated not finishing the rest. She'd always been a bit of a lightweight. Not to mention, her hands were shaking quite badly and she was at risk for spilling it all over her lap.

"He's a dangerous wizard," Theo said gravely, drumming his fingers on the tabletop. "He's not . . . He looks quiet, but he's not."

"What do you mean?"

"Remember Seventh Year? Well, I guess you don't because you weren't here." He gave her a quick smile. "But Malfoy was . . . He was relishing. That's the best way to describe it."

"Relishing?"

"Shagging his way through the Sixth and Seventh years," Theo said, shaking his head. "Always at the Dark Lord's side when he wasn't. High on pixie dust, drunk off firewhiskey . . . He wasn't acting human."

Hermione frowned. She knew Theo meant for her to take it differently, but for some reason, his words only made Hermione's heart hurt. It strengthened her resolve for sticking by her choice to help Lucius Malfoy. From what she knew of Malfoy, he wasn't a person who wanted to be bad or full of darkness. If he was shagging, taking pixie dust, and drinking, it was because he was hiding or running away into it. Malfoy wasn't like that now, as far as she knew, so she wasn't sure what Theo's intentions were.

She knew she was feeling defensive, looking for problems, but something just didn't feel right in her gut. Why was Theo talking about Malfoy on their date? They were alone now; shouldn't he be trying to get to know her hobbies and interests?

Theo went on, "Everyone's scared of him for a reason. The Dark Lord hand-picked him for a reason."

Hermione felt a chill run down her spine. She'd known he was hand-picked, but she hadn't ever really thought about it deeply. Her belief was that it was because of his father, but had Malfoy truly exhibited dark qualities that made him covetable by dark wizards? And if so, were those qualities something that could be attracted by other wizards in the future? Voldemort wasn't the first dark wizard, and he certainly wouldn't be the last. Could Malfoy truly change, or was he just lying dormant?

She thought back to the alcove, to the way he'd looked at her, the way he'd elicited sounds that were almost sinful from her body with the barest of touches. Was that the darkness in him?

Or worse: was that the darkness in herself?

When Hermione snapped out of her thoughts, she was surprised to see that Theo was no longer talking. He simply stared at her with an expression that she couldn't quite place, scrutinizing her so closely that she blushed all the way down to her chest. She felt altogether too hot and knew then that she'd drank a bit too much. She glanced to the window, surprised that Luna and Ron weren't back yet even though it was dark outside and the rain had started to drizzle down lightly.

"It's quite warm, don't you think?" she murmured, fanning herself with her trembling hands. "Perhaps we should head back?"

By the time Hermione realized that the look in his eyes was hunger, it was too late.

Theo put his hands on either side of her face and dragged her lips to his forcefully, ignoring the panicked way she shoved her hands against his shoulders. He groaned into her mouth, his tongue shoving between her lips like a greasy worm, swallowing her cries of shock. Then, he jerked his head back, the look on his face one of impassioned desire, and he grinned.

"You Mudbloods are a lot feistier than I thought you'd be," he said in an almost roguish manner.

Hermione thought back to every encounter she'd ever had with Theo, every curious look she'd gotten from him, and realized with stark clarity that it was lust that he had looked upon her with. In the Great Hall, in the common room, in class . . . As a woman, she'd known deep down, but she'd been so wrapped up in her own life and thoughts and drama that she hadn't paid any attention to what was going on around her.

"Don't wait for someone to pay attention to you - keep your eyes off the floor, Granger."

She hadn't realized that someone crucioing her wasn't the only thing she was in danger of this year.

Suddenly Theo wrapped a hand around her throat and dragged her to her feet. He stood up, towering over her like a dark-haired monster, smirking down into her face as though he truly thought this was consensual.

"I've always wondered what it would be like to fuck the Golden Girl," Theo mused, fingers still clutching her throat. She was able to breathe, but barely, and in her panic, could only think to try and pry them off. "I told Malfoy I would do it - told him all pussy fucked like pussy. Let's see if yours is as sweet as I hope."

Oh, Merlin. Merlin. Malfoy . . . Malfoy wasn't trying to control her. He was trying to save her.

Then, before she could blink, he tossed her bodily aside, sending her careening into the side of the fireplace. She hit the stones so hard that it knocked the breath out of her, and then she toppled over. Her hands landed in the embers on the edge of the fire and she cried out in pain.

Theo was on top of her back before she could get her wand out of the holster, grabbing her hands and shoving them to her sides. His body straddled her hips, his knees effectively binding her arms down, and he grabbed her by the ponytail.

"Dunno why Malfoy hates your hair so much," he said thoughtfully. "It's positively divine."

He slammed her face into the wooden floor, hard enough to make her see stars. Everything was happening so fast that she was in a haze of confusion and pain. Hermione just kept chanting in her mind that she needed to get her wand, but couldn't seem to register that she needed to physically allow it to fall out of the holster and into her hand. She was too focused on fighting against the much stronger, faster Theo.

Theo's hands began to drag up and down her sides, and she heard him hissing in her ear, murmuring all the horrid things he was going to do to her, and Hermione knew she needed to do something, anything, to get him off of her back. Her arms were trapped and in her panicked state, there was no way she'd be able to focus on any wandless magic.

There was only one option. She had to play along.

Hermione let her breath out in a rush, struggling to calm herself, and went limp. It was the hardest thing she'd possibly ever done, ceasing to fight, but it was the only way.

Theo seemed to notice, wrapping a hand under her chin and pulling her head back to look her in the eyes. She wished she could use Occlumency so he wouldn't be able to see her fear.

"Little Mudblood's ready to play nice?"

"Y-Yes," she choked out, angry tears glittering in her eyes. She just needed to get her hands free.

"Say you want it." He bared his teeth in a snarl, twisting her hair cruelly with his other hand.

She bit back a cry of pain, feeling bile rising to the back of her throat. "No."

His fingernails dug into her jaw and then he wrapped his hand around her throat. He squeezed until she began to kick her feet, until her blood was pumping in her ears, reminding her that her life was as finite as Voldemort's had ended up being. At the same time, he grabbed the neckline of her dress and yanked it so hard that it ripped a few inches down the chest. Hermione whimpered and fought for air, feeling his hand slip into the rip and cruelly grip her breast between her body and the floor.

"Say you fucking want it, Mudblood slag." Theo's voice was a serpentine hiss in her ear.

She needed to get her wand. That was more important than her pride, than being ashamed of herself.

A single tear slipped down her cheek. She clenched her teeth.

"I w-want it." Hermione tried not to vomit. She did not want it. Not at all.

Theo smirked in triumph and finally swung his leg off of her. She coughed, already able to tell that her throat would be bruised by the night's end. She rolled over onto her back, gasping for breath.

She counted down from three, waiting until Theo moved to crawl toward her, letting his guard down for a moment. Hermione rolled onto her side as fast as she could, finally ripping her wand out of her sleeve. She rolled back to face him.

"Stupefy!" Her voice was shaky but firm, and her spell landed square in his chest.

Theo soared across the room, crashing into Hagrid's kitchenette. Dishes and pottery tumbled in shards and chunks to the wooden floor, but Theo was already up with his wand pointed at her.

"Locomotor Mortis!" Theo snarled.

"Finite Incantatem!" Hermione was much faster than he was, and a lot angrier. And as she stood there, with only one second to think of which spell to use next, her body feeling like it was crawling with ants, she couldn't stop herself.

Maybe there was darkness within her after all.

"Crucio!" she screamed, and Theo went down to his knees screaming. She held it for as long as she could, her face stricken and pale as she watched him twitch and writhe like the worm he was. When she finally let up, he was unconscious.

Hermione cast her Patronus, watching the silvery-blue otter peer up at her with concern in its beady eyes. She sent it to McGonagall's office with a message that Theo had tried to hurt her, and that he was at Hagrid's Hut.

"Oi! What's this, then?!" Ron said. He and Luna had finally returned, looking thoroughly disheveled and now horrified.

Hermione pulled the ripped edge of her dress up, staring at them blankly, no sign of tears in her eyes. It draped on her shoulder, hiding her chest from view just barely. She didn't even have the wherewithal to mend it. Her lungs and throat ached, her breast throbbed with pain, and she was exhausted from fighting. She swayed on her feet, her face stinging from where he struck her. She could feel the blood trickling from a wound on her forehead.

"Theo attacked me," she said in a monotone. "I cursed him and sent for McGonagall. Can you guys stay and make sure he doesn't wake up?"

"HE DID WHAT?!" Ron exploded, whipping his wand out and training it directly on Theo's slumbering face. His entire face had gone red with rage. It was so much like the old Ron that Hermione almost lost her faculties.

Luna immediately pulled her wand out and cast a spell to make vines appear and twist their way around the prone form of the Slytherin serpent. "Of course. Do you need one of us to walk you back?"

Hermione paused at the doorway. Then, she turned and sent a petrifying spell Theo's direction just to be sure he couldn't follow her.

No one was attacking her from behind tonight or any night.

"I can make it."

It was pouring down rain as Hermione trudged up the hill, her torn dress hanging limply on her thin frame. It soaked her hair until the curls hung in wet ribbons about her body, and she didn't care one iota. She felt numb, like a wall of indifference was holding back the torrent of emotions that wanted to break forth.

She felt stupid. So stupid to have gone on the date. Stupid to have believed that a Pureblood would ever see her as anything other than muddy. Stupid to have allowed herself to be trapped for so long instead of having her wand out on the table from the start.

Hermione knew she would have nightmares of this night. She would never be able to forget how she'd let her guard down and believed Theo was a nice guy. She would never forget the words he snarled into her ears, the words he'd forced her to say. She would never forget the feeling of his fingernails cutting her jaw and her breast, hurting her as he treated her the way she knew she would have been treated had his side won the war.

But she would use it to get stronger. To stand up and fight.

She came to the top of the hill, rain dripping into her eyes, and stopped in the courtyard.

Malfoy.

He stood at the entrance to the castle, across the yard, his hands in the pockets of his trousers and his head down. He leaned against the castle wall, one foot kicked back against the stone, and he glanced up casually. When he saw her standing there at the other side of the courtyard, she saw him take a second look. And then he was coming toward her, straight out into the rain without a care.

Thunder crashed above them. The rain came down harder. A great wind picked up, whipping her wet hair about her head.

Hermione walked towards him until the fear overtook her and she held a hand against her torn dress. She held the other hand out to stop him six feet away. He halted, fingers continuously brushing his hair back away from his face as he squinted through the torrential downpour at her.

"I always thought that I was inherently good," Hermione shouted to him, and then she started laughing. She clutched the ripped sides of her dress together at her chest. "It's what I've always known - that I'm good because I was born that way, and that the people who are bad were born bad, too."

Malfoy was practically glaring at her. She could feel his magic even through the rain. She wondered if he thought she was a slag, too, all banged up with a torn dress, hair asunder. Returning from the date he specifically asked her not to go to.

He took a step closer. She took a step back. The courtyard felt bigger than usual to her.

"I'm so bloody stupid!" she continued to laugh, stumbling backward as she covered her smiling mouth with her hand. "I thought he was a gentleman. That a Pureblood wizard was interested in me because he liked me. I thought I mattered."

Malfoy jammed his fingers through his hair again. The thunder rumbled above, and the sky lit up with a random flash of lightning. It illuminated the enraged expression on his face, and the near-delirious expression on Hermione's. She was still laughing, one convulsing hand on her stomach and the other still hiding her mouth.

"The worst part is you tried to warn me. You tried to warn me, and I slapped you. You tried to warn me that he wasn't who he said he was, and I just thought you were trying to protect him from me."

Malfoy crossed the rest of the space to her, grabbing her chin in his hand and tilting her face upward. He said nothing, only continued to glare, searching her eyes.

"I can't possibly be good," she said to him, her brows knitting together in resignation. "Not if everyone wants to hurt me."

Malfoy's eyes flashed and his grip on her chin tightened. Without a moment's hesitation, he sunk into the depths of her mind. She felt him wandering the corridors of her mind, making a beeline for the most recent memories. He tore the memory of the date from the film reel and watched it play out. She felt his anger growing by the second.

"Say you fucking want it, Mudblood slag."

He slid out of her mind, and she saw his eyes burning into hers. When he let go of her chin, she laughed again and fell to her knees. She felt like a complete and total fool. The shoulder of her dress fell down, nearly exposing her breast, and she didn't care. She felt disgusting and like she deserved what Theo had done to her.

Do not cry. Do not cry in front of Malfoy. Not again. Her thoughts screamed at her, begging her to keep her walls up.

Malfoy knelt down in the puddles on the stone before her, his eyes catching hers. He took her hand in his, took the trembling, spasming fingers, and began to massage them tenderly. He never took his eyes off of hers as he did it, and Hermione felt her walls begin to crumble.

"I'm not going to be weak anymore, Malfoy," she said shakily as he massaged the aches and pains out of her muscles. "I'm not going to let anyone do this to me again. I'm going to be the Hermione I used to be. The Hermione who fought in the war and won."

His eyes traveled down to her hand, focusing intently. Hermione's eyes washed over him, kneeling in the wet and the rain and the mud with her, the thunder and lightning crashing all around them, and she broke. The man she'd been comparing Theo to all night was caressing her with all of the gentleness that Theo had not shown her, and she broke.

She broke.

Hermione began to weep, gut-wrenching sobs wracking through her body as the trauma and the pain of that night washed over her. The fear and terror and struggle. The loss of control, pride, and the desperation. She hung her head and wept into her free hand, refusing to look at Malfoy as he comforted her in the way he knew best.

Draco Malfoy was kneeling down in the mud with her, and neither of them cared what color their blood was. She wondered if he ever truly had.



 

Invisible


Are You Ready to Live? by Dream State, Dancing in the Dark by Luke James, Entertainment Lies by Hail the Sun, and The Robot with Human Hair Pt. 4 by Dance Gavin Dance

Draco POV

Draco knew whatever happened on that date would be bad. He knew, judging by what Theo had said the night before, that Theo intended on claiming Granger no matter what she wanted. Draco had made the decision to try his best and convince her not to go, because he didn't know what she wanted. Maybe she did want Theo. If so, who was he to stand in her way?

But the moment he saw her standing there in the rain, dress torn, bruises and blood smeared on her face, he'd realized he made a mistake. He'd let his jealousies and anger get in the way, and because of that, she'd gotten hurt. He felt ashamed of himself, so deeply that he couldn't even think of anything to say to her. He'd done the only thing he knew how, and that was to take her hand in his own. He'd gotten down into the mud regardless of what that meant for him as a Malfoy, and taken her hand. He'd listened to her words in silence, knowing that it didn't matter what anyone said or thought: Granger was the strongest, most powerful witch at that school.

Draco wasn't exactly sure what happened that day. He'd noticed his magical core was getting worse and weaker by the hour, overwhelming him in a way he couldn't fight. It felt like it was building up to something sinister, preparing to consume him in magic flames until all that was left was pure rage. He could hardly sit through his classes, feeling his magic roaring and pulsating. His muscles ached like someone had thrown him down the side of a cliff; his head spun and throbbed in agony, shrouding his vision in shadows. And all the while, he kept a straight face, not wanting anyone to know that he was unwell. He didn't know why, but he had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach that no matter what he did, no one could know the truth of what he was experiencing.

But the end result of that decision not to tell was torture. Being near Granger, even in the Great Hall, was torture. Her scent reeked freesias everywhere she went, and every step he took felt like he was dragging himself through mud, lost in a daze. His magic wanted him to find her, go over to her, talk to her. Touch her. And after how hard he'd been fighting since he'd gotten sick, he just didn't have the strength to fight it anymore. In Potions class, he'd known he wanted to try and warn her about Theo. So he'd given in and spoken to her, and then things had gotten out of control. He still wasn't even all that sure how it had happened, but he was sure he'd never forget how responsive she'd been . . .

He supposed eventually he would have to face it. He'd have to face what he'd done, how he'd relished in the inhalation of her scent, the feeling of his hands in her hair and on her skin. The soft sighs that left her mouth when he'd barely even touched her. The way her body trembled between his and the way. His magic had adored it, basked in it, screamed, "Mine. All mine," in his head over and over. It didn't matter that it was Granger he had pinned to the wall of that alcove. All that mattered was that his magic was finally getting what it wanted, and that what belonged to him was finally in hand.

When he thought of the feelings he'd felt, the ways Granger's body had responded, it made him feel sick to think about Theo with his hands on her body. When he saw Granger walking toward him, his magic had swelled to epic proportions, almost too much fury within him to handle. He needed to know what happened, and when he took her chin in hand, his fingers spoke Mine against her skin. He hadn't known if his Legilimency would work, what with his Occlumency growing increasingly difficult over the days he'd been unwell, but when his eyes locked with hers and he saw how badly she was trying to hold it together, he was so angry that he willed it to work.

He saw the memory and it was worse than the memory of her attack at the owlery. Watching her struggle and fight, trapped and unable to get her wand. Seeing Theo gripping her flesh painfully, forcing her to say that she wanted what he wanted. It was all he could do not to burst past her and find Theo, to end his life. His magic didn't care that it was Granger, it only cared that she was hurt.

But she'd needed something, he could tell, and his magic told him it was something only he could give her. That was how he found himself on his knees in the mud with her, kneading comfort into her skin in the same way his mother had done for him after he took the Mark. It was all he knew, and he could only hope it would be enough.

By the time she stopped crying, she was borderline catatonic. She sat there in a puddle, the rain cascading down around them, her eyes unfocused as they gazed off at the castle entrance. She looked unlike herself in a way that Draco felt he didn't want anyone else to see, and when he heard voices coming from the castle entrance, his magic pressed panic into his psyche. He almost wanted to hover over her, to shield her from view.

Draco found it odd that he wasn't feeling cold, too, but his magic was still overpowering him, keeping his blood burning so high that he was almost too hot.

"Miss Granger! Oh, Hermione!" Headmistress McGonagall rushed across the courtyard as fast as her old legs would carry her, flanked by Filch, Professor Weasley, and Professor Burbage. "What has happened, Mr. Malfoy?"

Draco loosened his hold on Granger's hand, and she barely reacted when her hand slid down to the ground, fingers dipping into the puddle beneath her. The rain continued to pour around them, but McGonagall cast a charm to keep it from hitting them. She waved her hands anxiously.

"Come now, quickly, Mr. Malfoy," she urged. "We must help her to her feet."

"Where is the culprit?" Weasley asked angrily. "Where is he?"

"At the hut," Granger said flatly, eyes seeing nothing as they regarded him. "With Ron and Luna Lovegood."

Weasley and Filch rushed past them back out into the rain, headed off down the hill with their wands at the ready. Draco realized that McGonagall and Burbage were expecting him to move faster, so he swallowed his discomfort at touching her too much and rose to his feet. He leaned down and gripped her elbows, pulling her to her feet with ease. She stared up at him, her eyes searching his, and then the moment was broken as the professors each wrapped an arm around her.

Draco stood there and watched as they hurried her back into the castle, tutting and fussing over her, not noticing or caring that he wasn't following. Granger shot a glance over her shoulder, looking more than a little scared, and he frowned.

Was this like the time she'd been crucioed? Did she want him there because he was just the first person she thought of? Or did she want him there specifically?

As they disappeared into the castle, Draco turned to glare down the hill. He wanted to stand there and wait until Theo was dragged up it, and he wanted to curse him until he couldn't remember his own name. Draco already had his wand in hand, ignoring the nagging confusion in his mind over the fact that it was Granger he felt this strongly over. His thoughts kept replaying her ordeal, causing his magic to swirl around his body like a hissing snake.

Theo had touched what was his, and Draco had never liked sharing his things.

He thought of his mother. Of the times that his father had hurt her and left her crying on the floor of the Manor. The last thing she had wanted was to be alone. Even through his Third Year, Malfoy would lay on the floor with her, watching her while she cried and laying his hand over her own until she fell asleep and his father would inevitably come and carry her to bed. Draco always had wondered why for someone so against Muggle-borns, he would choose to carry her the Muggle way, but now that he was older, he understood why.

"Merlin, fuck," Draco scowled. He closed his eyes and tangled his hands in his hair. His magic wanted him to go down the hill. Draco wanted to go into the castle.

With great effort, he fought his magic, pivoted on his foot, and strode purposefully back inside of Hogwarts.

Once inside, he peered around, trying to listen for the voices. It was silent, light from the torches illuminating the corridor partially as he made his way towards the Great Hall. He didn't know where they'd taken her, whether it was the Infirmary, the common room, or the Headmistress's office. He felt a bit of concern that he knew had to be attributed to the magical malady's effects on his sensibilities. What if she grew upset at being alone without him there?

Draco paused. Was it possible that . . . His ability to recognize Granger's scent would be enough? He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, searching for the familiar, calming scent of freesia. He knew this was barmy, that it wasn't possible to smell witches in a castle as large as Hogwarts, and wondered how he would look to other Slytherins. Following after a Gryffindor like a lost puppy.

There. His eyes snapped open. The hint of freesia came from above, wafting gently past his nostrils. They were taking her to the Infirmary.

As he headed up there, his blood still boiling and hands shaking with the urge to hex Theo's bollocks off, Draco couldn't help but wonder how McGonagall would punish him. It was well known that Crabbe should have been expelled for throttling Granger in the common room, yet he'd only received detention and no one knew exactly why. But what Theo had done was not something that could be ignored. He needed to be expelled for this, and Draco wasn't sure he'd be able to keep his bloody mouth shut about it if McGonagall didn't do her damn job correctly.

Draco entered the Infirmary as McGonagall's wand was lifting from Granger's temple, a long silvery thread dangling from the tip. His brow furrowed in confusion as he neared, watching Professor Burbage holding open a vial for her to drop the thread into. Granger sat on the edge of the bed with her back to him, her hands not visible to his view, back straight and rigid. Madam Pomfrey was preparing a Potion for her to drink.

"This is a contraceptive potion," she was explaining. "It will ensure -"

"I know what a contraceptive potion is for," Granger said, cutting her off rather curtly. Draco saw her hand come up to pull the continuously-falling sleeve of her ripped dress up on her shoulder. "But I don't need it. He . . . He didn't get that far."

Madam Pomfrey fixed her with an expression of disbelief, holding the potion out to her. "Just in case."

Draco shot forward, standing to Granger's side, but holding a hand out. "Stop. If she says he didn't get that far, then he didn't get that far."

Everyone stared at him in shock, obviously surprised to see him there. Madam Pomfrey nodded to him and then put the potion away, and Professor Burbage gave him a polite greeting. McGonagall stared at him shrewdly.

"Mr. Malfoy, are you here to offer support?" she asked. "Because if not, I'm going to have to ask you to leave."

"I want him here," Granger said, and Draco saw that her hands were twisted in her damp skirt. L

McGonagall pursed her lips primly, her hands clasped in front of her periwinkle robes. "Very well. Now, Miss Granger, as you have provided your memories of this evening, I believe you are free to get some rest once Madam Pomfrey clears you. Tomorrow, I would like you to come to my office so we can speak more in-depth about it."

"All right," Granger said, her voice a whisper. Draco could see that her shoulders were beginning to slump. His magic wanted him to touch her back, to caress it.

"What will become of the attacker?" Madam Pomfrey asked. She was bustling about, preparing salves.

"He will hopefully be expelled, right, Professor?" Draco said, his eyes studying Granger's face and the wounds there. He longed to brush her hair out of her eyes, but he knew how it would look. In addition, her hair was a matted, tangled mess from the rain.

"I am not at liberty to discuss the punishments of other students, Mr. Malfoy," McGonagall said sternly. "As you are well aware."

Draco said nothing for a moment, his magic rearing up around him like a cloak. He was looking down at the person it felt belonged to him, the witch that was his to watch out for, and he would be damned if Theo got away with it like Crabbe did.

He couldn't resist. He lifted his hand to Granger's chin, tilted her face up and searched her eyes and face. There was a bruise on her cheek, a split in her lip, half-moon breaks in the skin of her jaw, and a bruise and cut the size of a small apple on her forehead. There were burn marks on her hands as well as bruising ringing the center of her throat. Black make-up from her lashes was streaked down her face, making her look altogether comical due to how little he thought she even needed it.

"If you do not expel him, Professor," Draco drawled, Granger looking at him with a perplexed, almost curious expression in her eyes, "then I will spill his blood all over the breakfast table in the Great Hall."

Professor Burbage gasped and McGonagall coughed. Madam Pomfrey's eyes went wide and she set about busily fixing a salve for Granger's bruises. Granger's eyes widened a margin and he watched as she wet her lips. All the while, his magic threaded lazily through the air amongst them, a silent reminder of his power.

"Mr. Malfoy," McGonagall said, sounding grave. "I will not have such violence in my school."

Draco's thumb caressed Granger's chin once before he turned to face the Headmistress. He ran his fingers through his hair and fixed her with a cool, collected gaze. He wanted her to know how serious he was.

"Then I suppose you had better expel him."

The silence that stretched between them as a silent challenge bounded back and forth was palpable. Beside him where he stood, Granger seemed to be unable to take her eyes off of him. He knew he was being forward and too obvious, but he was angry. Theo had taken it too far, and Granger was sitting there looking like she'd been beaten about the head. When he thought of what happened to her, of Theo's hands twisting her hair and choking her throat, her legs kicking faintly as her lungs screamed for air, his magic began to hiss and spit like the surface of the sun.

"Perhaps it's best if you let me look her over," Madam Pomfrey said, gently placing a hand on Draco's back. "These salves will heal her right up."

Draco moved swiftly to the window at the end of the bed, leaning against the sill half-seated, arms crossed over his chest. He refused to look away, watching as each bruise and cut was dabbed and smeared with cream, relief flooding his body as they slowly began to disappear. Granger looked over at him, still with that curious, searching gaze, but he just kept his eyes on Madam's Pomfrey's working hands.

He didn't know why he felt so overbearing right then, but he knew that he didn't want to waste time worrying about it. At least, not until the next morning. Right now, his clothes were damp and the knees of his trousers were stained with mud, and he didn't think he'd ever cared about anything else more.

"Privacy, please, Mr. Malfoy," Madam Pomfrey tutted, reaching for the tear in Granger's dress.

Draco turned around to stare out the window at the darkness in anger. He uncrossed his arms, putting one hand on his hip and resting the other against the stone wall. He remembered from the memory the sight of Theo's nails clawing her breast, the dark-haired man grinning like he'd collected some wicked prize. He closed his eyes when he heard Granger whimper as the salve touched the raw wounds, and he wondered how easy it would be to figure out where they were holding Theo for the night so he could make good on the promise he made him in the common room earlier that week.

"Let's sort those wet clothes out," McGonagall said after the silence had worn thin. She waved her wand and cast a drying charm on both Draco's and Granger's clothing. Then, with a frown, she cast another charm to mend the rip in Granger's dress.

"Thank you, Minerva," Granger said, and then she hopped down from the bed. Her knees buckled and Draco found himself already crossing the room, but he wasn't sure what for. As if she wanted to be touched right now. Granger righted herself, smoothing down the back of her skirt. She tugged at it, a queasy look crossing her face.

Draco averted his eyes. She now thought her dress was too short, her legs too exposed. All because of that wanker.

"The two of you need to head back to your common room," Professor Burbage said. "No detours; head there directly!"

"And Mr. Malfoy, do be sure to make sure she makes it into her dorm safely," McGonagall added. She pressed her hand to Granger's cheek, and they smiled at each other. "Everything will be all right, Hermione. Sleep well."

"Good night," Granger said.

The professors left ahead of them, and then Madam Pomfrey held out a glass bottle full of the salve. She instructed Granger how to apply it and how often, and then sent the two Eighth Years on their way. They headed to the common room in silence, trudging slowly. Draco kept a safe distance between them, glancing at her out of the side of his range of vision. She walked with her head down, wringing her hands in front of her.

"Malfoy," she said after a while, their footsteps echoing in the empty corridors.

"What, Granger?" he said, but there was no bite to his tone. His entire body felt on edge, his magic still thrumming, but he was trying to fight against it so he could keep himself from doing something regrettable. If he lost control of himself again, especially after what Theo had done, he would never forgive himself.

He wasn't even bothering to hide it anymore. He cared about Granger. He cared about what happened to her. Denying that was a blemish against his intelligence. And as he glanced over at her, waiting to hear what she said, her hair a frizzy mess of a mane hanging to her lower back, he found that it didn't matter who it was: he would kill any wizard who touched her ever again.

"I think it's even more imperative that you teach me Occlumency now," she said, voice quiet but strong, still wringing her trembling hands.

Draco pressed his lips together. It wasn't that he didn't want her to know a way to be able to protect herself. It was that he didn't think he could. His magical core was behaving so strangely that he hadn't been able to effectively use his Occlumency without immense difficulty. And he was so, so exhausted.

"Granger, you don't need it," he said. "I told you I'd watch out for you, and I meant it."

"But you can't be there all the time," she protested, wringing her hands more rapidly. "You weren't there tonight, remember? Perhaps if I had learned Occlumency -"

"If you had learned Occlumency, what?" he hissed suddenly, whirling on her. "Occlumency isn't a solution for everything, Granger. It wouldn't have been able to help you when Theo was on top of you. Don't you understand?"

She stumbled, and his left hand shot up to catch her by the elbow. She wrenched it away from him. His magic hated the loss of her skin beneath his fingers.

"You're so spiteful," she said, sounding frustrated. "I'm just trying to think of solutions to help me be safer."

"You don't need ideas," Draco said. "I will make you safer."

"Don't be daft, Malfoy. You know you have no interest in spending that sort of time with me."

Draco stopped, and she ran into his back and stumbled again. He whipped around, grabbing her elbows before she fell, gazing down into her eyes.

"Who are you to tell me what my interests are, Granger?" he murmured, eyes searching her face. Alarms rang in his head. He needed to get back. Grabbing her like this was wrong.

"I may not know your interests, but they certainly aren't me."

Draco didn't know how to tell her how wrong she was. He wished he could just tell her how he felt. How he wanted to protect her because he was interested in her in a way that wasn't purely platonic. But he knew that if he did that, he would lose the one person who seemed to see past his bully facade. Past the face he wore to keep himself protected from everything outside.

So he let her go, turned, and continued on to the common room. They didn't speak again, and when they got into the room, they were surprised to find it full to the brim with chattering Eighth Years. Ron and Luna were there, so it was clear that the news had spread. They all fell silent when Granger stepped in after him, and Draco's eyes scanned everyone suspiciously. He knew Theo would likely not be coming back, but after what happened with Crabbe, he didn't want to take any chances.

The Pothead stepped forward, opening his mouth, but Draco shot him a withering glare. Draco had already seen him do this before. He was blind to Granger until she got hurt, and somehow, there he was. Scarhead crossed his arms over his chest, his facial expression promising an argument later.

Draco turned to Granger, whose eyes were bouncing wildly all over the sea of faces. He stood very close to her and murmured to her.

"Do you want to talk to any of them, or just go to bed?"

Granger looked down and said, "I'd very much like to go up to bed."

Draco nodded curtly and then turned. "Granger will be going to bed, so if you'd like to speak to her, it'll have to wait until the morrow." Then, his eyes flashed as he regarded the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, Ravenclaws, and even some of the Slytherins with warning. "No one disturb her."

Draco followed her as far as the stairs, watching her slowly make her way up the steps. Exhaustion seemed to be weighing her down as she went and she didn't make it two steps before she started to swoon. Draco was up the stairs in two fluid movements, one hand on the banister and one on her lower back. He knew everyone was watching them, the silence awkward and heavy, but he didn't care.

Wordlessly, Draco helped her up the stairs, reminded eerily of the times his mother had done the same for him after Voldemort's cruciatus sessions. Granger didn't seem to mind him being there, helping her, and he cast one last threatening stare over his shoulder before they disappeared down the hallway.

"Tenth one on the left," Granger sighed, and he could feel her back pressing against his hand. He led her the way he'd been taught to lead a Pureblood witch, with manners and grace, until they got to her door. For once, his magic was being respectable, almost as though it knew the situation and knew that she was fragile. He assisted her a few feet inside, where she stood in the center of the room, and he turned to go.

"Malfoy, wait . . ."

Draco turned, one hand hitting the doorframe absentmindedly as he looked at her in question.

"I don't want to be . . . Nevermind. No . . . Nevermind." She started to wave her wand to close the door.

Draco stopped it with a hand on the wood. He averted his eyes and when he brought them back to her, they were as guarded as he could manage without Occlumency.

"I will stay," he said in a low voice.

She looked up at him once, and then pushed some of her hair behind her ears. She nodded, and then he stepped inside. He kept his eyes on her as he leaned against the door and closed it. His eyes adjusted to the dark rather quickly, more quickly than normal, but he paid it no heed.

He could hardly believe. He, Draco Malfoy, was about to stay in her, Hermione Granger's, dorm room. At the beginning of their Eighth Year, almost two months ago now, he never would have thought he'd be standing in Granger's bedroom, worried over her well-being, keeping her friends from seeing her.

Once inside, Granger told him matter-of-factly to turn around. He heard her utter a dressing charm and then when he turned around, she was wearing a long-sleeved blue cotton shirt and a pair of striped blue pyjama pants. With her hair looking the way it did, all over the place in uncontrollable curls, she looked quite Muggle.

Strangely, he found that he didn't mind.

"Incendio," she whispered, pointing her wand at the dress she'd worn that night. Together, the two of them watched it burst into flames and shift into ash. She stared at the ashes for a long time, too long, and Draco swallowed.

What next?

He hesitated, and then crossed the space between them in three steps. Her head down, she didn't notice when he lifted his hand to her face. He tapped his fore and middle fingers against her forehead, knowing that it felt more affectionate than he probably should have allowed it to.

"Oi," he said quietly. "Bed."

She looked up at him, placing one of her hands against her skin where he'd touched her. He wished she weren't being so quiet. It felt like he was in the room with some random person, not the little swot he was used to. This girl didn't seem to know what to do with herself.

Finally, she turned and collapsed on top of her comforter, curling up into a ball facing where he stood. He put his hands on his hips, biting his lip as he decided what to do. She didn't look up at him, just stared past his legs. His only experience with women in this state of mind - near catatonic - was with his mother. And his mother always wanted him to lay down next to her. Draco knew that was beyond nonsensical.

But he couldn't just leave her by herself, could he? Logically, he knew he could. She was a tough witch; she'd be all right. But when he imagined himself heading for the door, his magic dug its heels in and gnashed its teeth at him. It didn't want him to leave.

Draco rubbed his chin with one hand, gazing up at the ceiling in the dark.

"I'll be fine," she said, voice heavy and droning. "You don't have to stay. I know it's not exactly . . . Ideal for you to be near someone like me."

His eyes flashed and he bristled. "What, do you think I'm that dense? That I actually believe I'll catch something from a Muggle-born? Honestly, Granger."

He pulled out his wand and pointed it at a discarded shoe on her floor. He transfigured it into a chair for himself and sat beside her bed, crossing one ankle over the opposite knee. He rested back against the cushioned back and steepled his fingers before himself.

"You may sleep now," he said, eyes burning into her own.

Granger lifted her head, her hair a tousled mess, and fixed him with an incredulous look. "I need your permission to sleep?"

He looked down at his nails. "I'd say you need my permission to do a lot of things now. You can't be trusted."

"I don't need your permission to do anything, Malfoy. I'll do what I like."

"Mm, no, I think you'll do what I say," Draco said, leaning forward on his elbows. "Since you can't be trusted to take care of yourself."

He leaned back when he found a wand pressed to his throat. He couldn't help but smirk. While he did feel that she was too aloof to be trusted with her own safety, he wasn't surprised that she wouldn't be amenable to the idea. He was surprised she even wanted him in her room. He supposed she truly believed he found her venomous and would never want to touch her.

"I can take care of myself quite well," she spat. "Or would you like to repeat yourself?"

Without taking his eyes off of her, he said, "I'll repeat myself as many times as it takes for you to understand that you cannot possibly protect yourself if you live recklessly. You were just attacked by a Slytherin, and have now invited another Slytherin into your room for the night. You are reckless, Granger, and it's because of that that you'll do what I say when it comes to your safety."

She opened her mouth to speak, looking angry, and then she took her wand back.

"I'm not reckless."

"You are. You skived off Seventh Year to kill a snake. You're reckless."

"You're reckless," she huffed, laying back down. Then, she hugged her arms around her pillow and he saw her lips tug down in a frown. "I'm stupid."

Draco sat back and started to laugh. "Is that supposed to be a joke?"

"What's a joke is the fact that I thought if anything, you'd transfigure yourself a regular wooden chair. No, you transfigured yourself an upholstered velvet arm chair."

Draco ran his hand through his hair, smirking again. "I'm used to the finer things, love."

Her eyes snapped to his and he was glad for the darkness of the room, even though he could see just fine in it. He hadn't meant to call her by any name other than swot or Granger, but it had just slipped out. He'd never laughed with her before, either, but he could only handle two life-altering changes at the moment.

"Well, in any case," Granger went on, "I am stupid. I never should have gone with him."

"Don't do that," he said, waving a dismissive hand. "Don't put blame on yourself. It's self-deprecating, and it's beneath you."

Her eyes burned through the darkness at him. "That would imply that you believe I can do things that are beneath me. That you believe I'm something to be revered."

Draco averted his eyes, feeling his heart race and his magic shift. He was being too forward.

Of course, being 'forward' meant that he had something to be forward about.

"You're not stupid," he said. His eyes snapped back to hers, leaning to the side in his chair and sticking his thumbnail between his teeth. "Now, sleep. Or I'll jinx you."

Granger rolled over to face her wall. "Oh, I am sure you'd love to do that. Very well. But don't speak to me."

"Gladly."

Draco watched her back, her long curls splayed out along the blanket, and wondered if they were ever going to discuss what happened in the alcove that day. Likely not, if Draco had anything to say about it. It wasn't like Granger and he were on discussion terms, and he knew it had been a result of his magical core being overzealous. He didn't think it would happen again, as long as he kept his mouth shut.

"Can you get me some tea?" Granger's voice came out small.

"I'm your butler now?"

He heard the smile in her voice. "It will be humbling for you to see life from the other side."

"I'm not above jinxing you still," he muttered, and then he rose to leave.

"Something to help me sleep. Three sugars."

He said nothing and continued out of the room. As soon as he shut the door behind him, a most curious thing happened. He felt like he could breathe again. Which was odd, because he hadn't even noticed he couldn't. He placed his fingers in his hair, wondering why his magical core seemed to react differently to her every time he was near her. Sometimes, it was with overwhelming lust. Others, it was with a desperate need to protect her. And then, in the room, it was with a desire to offer comfort.

Draco trotted down the stairs and into the common room. He wasn't surprised to see that students were still up, gathered in groups and whispering. A group of Gryffindors including Potty were standing near the kitchenette, much to Draco's chagrin, and they all whirled to glower at him when he entered. Pothead looked livid, his eyes blazing behind his glasses. Dean Thomas eyed him warily, reminding Draco of the night when he'd overheard the Gryffindor accusing Granger of being in a relationship with him. The Parvati twins gave him equal looks of disdain, and Seamus was sizing him up.

"Up making plots, Pothead?" Draco asked, shoving past him to point his wand to the teapot. "Don't cease on my account. Nice to see you paying attention to Granger after so long."

"What were you doing in Hermione's room?" Potter demanded, fists balled at his sides.

"Shagging her, no doubt," Draco said with wide eyes.

"You wouldn't," Parvati exclaimed, gasping in horror. "After what your friend did to her?"

Draco rifled through the teabags, looking for chamomile. When he found it, he set it in a teacup. He didn't know if Granger was fond of chamomile, but that's what she was getting.

"Not surprised Gryffindors are still so daft," Draco said, waving his wand to pour the boiling water into the cup. "Of course I wasn't shagging her, you absolute nutters. I know it's difficult to believe, but Granger is a girl. She has a heart and feelings and all that nonsense. She just doesn't want to be alone."

Draco watched as the honey scooped itself. He plucked three sugar cubes from the bowl nearby and dropped them into her teacup.

"And you expect us all to believe she asked for you, then?" Potter snarled.

Draco threw his head back and barked a laugh. "She certainly didn't ask for you, tosser. Honestly, you are stupid. The fact that you believe after that display you put on in the common room, that she would ask for you to sit with her. It's laughable."

He felt Potter's wand at the side of his throat and he rolled his eyes. He held no fear of the four-eyed wanker. He batted it away.

"Stay away from her," Potter hissed. "You're turning her against her friends."

"She wrote to none of us all Summer, and then she comes out of hiding to help your father," Seamus said. "Seems awfully out of character for her."

"And it's really bizarre that you're suddenly always around when there's an issue, like tonight," Padma added.

"What she needs is her friends," Parvati said. "She made a mistake helping your family, and we aren't going to stand by and let her make another one with you."

Draco slammed his wand down on the counter, his magic and exhaustion combining into contained rage. His magic was completely done putting up with Potter and Granger's false excuse for friends. He'd spent the past two months watching them all like a hawk, and he knew better than anyone what was really going on. Not only did they think Granger was a traitor, but they thought they could treat her like one and then just swoop in when she was hurt like they'd just been on holiday.

"Don't pretend like you were there for her when she made that little mistake, as you say," Draco snarled, turning his glare on them all. "Don't pretend like any of the lot of you are the proper example of Good Friends when the first time she makes a mistake, you throw her off the broom. She's done nothing but be a walking encyclopedia and personal coursework tutor for six years for you, and you toss her aside like a failed potion when she does one thing you refuse to understand. Even if she did ask for you, I wouldn't let a single one of you near her room. Now, step aside before I show all of you why she feels safe around me and none of you."

He waved his wand angrily, lifting Granger's tea into the air, and pushed his way through the tiny crowd. They all stared at him in open-mouthed shock as he went, and when he got to the stairs and turned to address them, he noticed that the other groups in the common room had heard his outburst, too.

"Had you all been the proper friends she needed this year, what happened to Granger tonight would not have happened," he said icily, his magic rearing up behind him like invisible flames. "Perhaps, this Summer, it was you who failed to write to her."

Harry shoved forward. "If she's got you as her personal dark protector, then why the Hell did it happen?"

Draco stared at him, his teeth clenching. His magic wanted him to burst forward, to grab Potter around the throat and rip his head off with his bare hands. It took a considerable amount of strength to hold himself back from it.

"Because unlike you, I know when to step aside and let Granger make her own decisions." That was why he'd been waiting for her at the castle entrance. He'd tried to ask her not to go, but he knew Granger was not a witch who wanted to be controlled - she'd made that perfectly clear. He'd just meant to meet her there, just in case it went poorly, to find out what happened.

He hadn't thought it would have gone that horribly.

"And now, because of you," Potter continued to rage, "your Slytherin spawn of a friend tried to rape her!"

Draco nearly sent Granger's tea flying with his wand.

"And because of you she's not been herself!"

"So you admit it?" Dean stepped forward. Everyone in the common room was watching the scene unfold in astonishment. "You admit that it's your fault?"

Draco narrowed his eyes. "What I blame or do not blame myself for is no concern of yours. What is a concern of yours, however, is Granger. And the bottom line is this: she asked for me. The last time she was hurt, she asked for me. And she will continue to ask for me because I'm the only one who seems to accept both sides of her as a witch."

"Hermione doesn't have a dark side!" Potter shouted, wand raised.

Draco smirked, remembering their encounter in Sixth Year. "No one is all bad or all good, Potter. And if you think so, you should look in the mirror."

Potter opened his mouth, but the longer Draco held his glare, the more he deflated. No one knew about the sectumsempra incident, and Draco was sure he didn't want anyone to know. He was glad for it; he'd rather save that little morsel for a later argument.

"Just as I thought," Draco murmured, raising his eyebrows. "We all have our secrets."

With that, while people were looking at their precious Chosen One with suspicion, Draco went back upstairs to the only witch that seemed to understand that no one could be perfect.

"I've brought your . . ." The moment he shut the door and heard a soft snore, he trailed off. He sighed, though he knew it was a minor inconvenience. The tea had enough honey for his hidden sweet tooth, so he'd drink it himself.

Draco returned to his chair, his magic and himself content to watch her sleep while he drank the tea meant for her. He didn't mind that he'd made it for virtually no reason, seeing as he was pretty sure he was finally able to knock some sense into her friends' heads. He'd been sick of watching her ogle them, and then sick of watching her pretend not to ogle them after they fought, and now he was disgusted by the fact that they were suddenly aware of her ogling.

He wished they hadn't used the word rape. He knew that's what Theo had been trying to do, what he would've done. Draco was the one who felt stupid, if anything. He knew he could have done more to stop him. He could have followed them secretly, he could have gone to McGonagall about the crude things Theo had said, or he could have gone so far as to physically harm Theo. Looking back, Draco wished he could have done that last one.

His threat in the Infirmary regarding Theo had not been words in the wind. If he saw Theo again, he would use his blood as milk for his tea.

Draco dozed off after a while, one of the rare times since his magical core began to overflow. He slept with his chin propped on his palm, his hair falling into his eyes, and didn't care that he'd probably be fine to go back to his own room if he wanted to.

But when Granger started whimpering in her sleep, he couldn't have left even if he wanted to. He stirred, his eyelids heavy as lead as her cries turned into soft sobs. Alarm woke him fully and he sat up, hands curved around the ends of the chair arms, waiting.

"Malfoy?"

"I'm here."

"Oh, I thought you'd left." Her voice quavered. "I'm sorry about the tea."

"It's all right," he said, still tired. "Are you all right?"

Silence. And then a trembling, ". . . No . . ."

Draco went rigid again as she began to weep in earnest, her shoulders and back shaking as she curled in tighter on herself. His heart skipped a beat because he didn't want her to cry, but he wasn't an idiot. He knew why she was crying. Whether it was from a nightmare or the memories, she was a human being and just like his mother, she was going to cry. He chewed on his lip, debating.

He knew what his magic wanted. What he wanted to do. But he wasn't sure how she would react, how he would react.

But his magic didn't seem to care, because by the time he realized what was going on, he had one knee on her bed and was starting to lay beside her. Her crying didn't stop even as he lay on his side, propped up on his elbow, and then gently brushed his knuckles along her upper arm. She turned around then, and buried her face in his chest. His magic was happy.

And so was he.

"It's okay." He hesitated, the words sounding alien on his tongue. He tried not to sigh at his own inability to relax. "I'm here."

She didn't seem to care that he was there, nor that it was him, nor that he was starting to relax against her. His magic was wrapping around them, covering them like a thick blanket, content for Draco to be molded so closely to her. It wasn't like the alcove, when he'd wanted to claim her in a way that he felt ashamed of because of what Theo did not two days later. It was different. It reminded Draco of the Malfoy family dog before it passed away. The big brute always seemed to curl himself up against Draco in his bed after his father struck him. Of course, Draco was not a dog.

He was Draco.

"How is one supposed to breathe through this rat's nest?" He lifted a curl and fingered it between his forefinger and thumb. "I certainly can't."

But he could. Oh, he could, and it smelled Heavenly.

Granger stopped crying for a moment, as though confused, and then began to laugh. He felt her tears wetting his shirt, her fingers twisting in the fabric, her laughter rumbling through his torso.

"Why am I not surprised?" she said before she continued to laugh.

He glowered down at her, acutely aware of the absentminded way she'd tangled her foot around his ankle. "I'm only asking a question, Granger."

"Yes, well, perhaps now is not the time for questions about the ability to breathe through my hair," she giggled.

Actually giggled.

Draco stared down at her where her face was hidden, becoming increasingly intrigued by her skin as his knuckles trailed down her upper arm again. He swallowed, feeling warning bells start to ring in his body. His magic was starting to shift again, and he knew that if he didn't move away, he'd do something he regretted. It was wrong to feel this way about someone who'd been attacked, the night they'd been attacked. It was wrong, Draco knew, and it felt like he was tearing himself away from a wall covered in ectoplasm.

"Perhaps now is the time for sleep," he murmured, but he was looking at her skin. It was pebbling. "Are you cold?"

She said nothing for a moment before she said, "No."

"I should . . . I should go. So you can sleep." He bit his lip when she shifted and scooted closer.

"I can sleep just fine," she said haughtily. "Perhaps you're the one who can't."

He hesitated. He didn't know what to do. He wanted to stay, but he didn't think he'd be able to sleep a wink beside her this way, when his magical core was going absolutely barmy. As it was, as awful as he felt for wanting it, he wanted to move his hand from her arm, to the center of her back, slide it up into her hair, and pull her lips to his. His breathing had gone shallow.

"Honestly?" He stroked her hair once, at the back of her head. It was a lot softer than it looked. "I need to go."

"Is this because of . . . Wednesday?"

Wonderful. She wanted to discuss it.

"We can just forget that it happened," he said, and then he dragged himself away from her. With much difficulty.

"Oh . . . Okay."

She sat up as he got to his feet. He transfigured her chair back to its original shoe state and then gave her one last look. She was watching him from the bed, almost seeming disappointed. But she didn't understand or know what was in his mind. She just thought of him as something safe because she didn't want to be alone. At least, that's what he was thinking.

And that was the tamest of his thoughts. His eyes scanned her where she sat, lingering on the way her shirt rode up on her hip. She really was an incognizant little bird, wasn't she?

His magic fought him, but he finally turned around and left the room. The common room was empty, finally, and when he got to his room, he was glad for it. He spotted the parcel his mother sent him on the dresser, remembering Granger's hands. Quickly, he grabbed a quill and wrote on the outside of the parcel, and then jogged all the way back over to the girls' side. He left it outside her door, and then went back to his room.

That night, he dreamed of his parents and of his mother's tears leaking onto her pillow.

Draco woke on Monday in a daze, his head burning and swimming and his stomach roiling.

He'd grown accustomed to feeling unwell, finding it had begun to feel normal for his magical core to ooze out of his pores, so when he rolled over and retched bile onto the floor, he was surprised. He'd thought with time, it would get better, not worse. He sat up, scrambling out of his blankets and collapsing onto the floor on his hands and knees. He held his stomach with one hand, dug into the carpet with the other, and continued to vomit and gag.

What was going on?

Draco's body went from feeling completely void of magic and cold, to stuffed full of it and much too hot all morning. He felt confused, too tired to think about it, and like he didn't want to leave his room all day. But he knew he had to, especially after the events of Saturday night.

He hadn't seen much of Granger on Sunday. McGonagall had been at her side all day, whisking her here and there as Ministry officials came by to question her. That pleased Draco, at least, because that meant that Theo was likely going to get a proper punishment. He hoped for Theo's sake that he was removed from the school as soon as possible. Blaise had expressed the same sentiments, even though he wasn't that violent of a wizard, so things would probably not go very well for Theo if he showed up in the Great Hall.

They'd certainly go well for Draco's tea, though.

After Draco's outburst in the common room, he'd noticed a shift in the Eighth Years as well. He saw them hovering near Granger a lot more. Luna was always by her side, of course, and even the Weasel sat across from her during breakfast. Draco wasn't surprised about that, since he'd been present before and after the attack. He supposed Potter wouldn't have reacted so poorly if he'd seen it, too. As far as Draco was concerned, after what Theo did, Granger could have whatever she wanted.

Draco had initially planned on sitting across from her as well before he'd seen Weaselbee there, but now felt a bit relieved. Whatever had happened Saturday was what happened Saturday. Continuing the trend was too much, especially after what happened in the alcove Wednesday. He knew it was because of whatever was going wrong with him, but he didn't want to make a trend of it. He may have realized that he cared what happened to Granger, but that didn't mean he cared for her. Once he was healed, all these silly emotions, including the possessiveness, would go away.

Now, it was Monday, and Draco had fully intended on ignoring his magic and steering clear of Granger, but keeping an eye on her from afar. He was a Pureblood wizard and he wasn't going to break his word to a witch for his protection. He would sit at his end of the table and watch her, and that was as far as he would go for the morning meal.

Draco lurched through the corridors like a walking zombie, his head feeling like someone had set an incendio upon it. Students watched him as he went, as they had been doing since he'd, according to a very incensed Daphne, "confessed his undying lust for Granger," to everyone in the common room. But he didn't care about that. He didn't care about anything with his head feeling like this. He wasn't even sure he cared about breakfast. He just knew he had to follow his routine and attend.

"All right, mate?" Blaise nudged him and Draco almost threw up again.

"I've got a fever," he muttered, hunching over a plate of ham and eggs.

"You look awful," Daphne said from a ways down, with a sneer.

"Not as awful as you do inside," Blaise shot back. "Witch."

"Let him alone," Crabbe said from beside Daphne. He was smirking at Draco. "He's unwell."

Draco glared at Crabbe but had no energy to act upon his desire to hex him. Or kill him. Whichever was faster.

He managed to pick his fork up and spear some eggs. He placed them into his mouth, but they tasted awful. Like ash and duck. He spat them back out, drawing more than a few looks from fellow Eighth Year Slytherins. He didn't bother to look back at them.

"Here, try this," Blaise said, setting a bowl of cereal in front of him. "It's got raisins in the oats."

Wordlessly, Draco scooped some up with his spoon. The moment it touched his tongue, he tasted dirt. He let it fall from his tongue and plop back into the bowl. The sound was so disgusting, as was the taste, that he promptly hurled bile into the bowl.

"Oh, yuck, Draco!" Daphne screamed, jumping to her feet. "If you're unwell, you should go to the Infirmary!"

"I've done that, weeks ago," Draco groaned, pushing the bowl away. It vanished and was replaced by a fresh one. His stomach clenched, still empty, so he reached for some bacon.

"Are you sure . . . ?" Blaise grimaced.

"I've got to eat, don't I?" Draco frowned as he gingerly took a bite of the bacon. It was . . . Better. But not quite right. He let the pieces melt on his tongue, aware that everyone around him was watching him for his reaction, including Crabbe.

"Well?" Goyle asked, his spoon of cereal poised halfway between the bowl and his mouth.

"It's . . . Bearable," Draco said, pulling a face. "But it tastes dead."

Crabbe grinned wickedly. "That's because it is."

"Don't speak to me," Draco said to him with a glare. Then he continued to eat the bacon, unable to shake the feeling that the meat didn't taste correct.

Draco glanced down the table, surprised to see Granger was looking right back at him. She seemed to be absentmindedly staring, her chin propped on her hand with her eyes glazed over while the Red Weasel chattered her ear off. Draco tried not to sneer. She was surrounded by her so-called friends, all of them seeming to be trying to make her laugh or react, and it was sickening. Draco couldn't stand it.

The day went on much worse than any of his previous days since coming down with the malady, with Draco's magic bounding around him in circles like an angry otter. His head continued to pound and ache, his skin to prickle with sweat as his fever worsened by the hour. The Transfiguration professor's only response to him falling asleep during class was to tap her wand against his desk and give him a glare, but he'd felt so sick that he'd just fallen back to sleep the moment her back was turned.

On his way to Ancient Runes, he fell against the wall, a sudden bout of wooziness causing his vision to spin and twist. A random Fourth Year saw and laughed at him, but when Draco caught his eyes, the mirth disappeared quite fast. Then, he went on to class and fell asleep in there, too.

After Ancient Runes, Draco decided to catch McGonagall outside her office before she went to lunch. His fever was still awful, his body still hot and cold, but he couldn't wait any longer.

"Professor, may I speak with you?" he called just as she was leaving.

Her hat seemed larger than usual. "Yes, Mr. Malfoy. What is it?"

Draco pushed back his sickness, but he was unable to stop his scorching hot magic from constricting his arms as it wrapped around them painfully.

"I'm sure you're aware, but I'm quite invested in the attacks on Granger. So let me not waste time with dancing around the topic. Where is Theo Nott?"

McGonagall eyed him carefully, hands clasped behind her back. "I am aware, as I would have thought that would be clear, since I assigned you with the task of finding out who attacked Miss Granger at the owlery, Draco. I understand your concern. But it is that exact reason why I will not tell you where Mr. Nott is being held."

Draco's brow arched gracefully, his hands slipping into his pockets. He'd forgone his robes that day, finding that his body was much too overheated to wear more than his trousers and a button-up. He hadn't even worn his tie.

"Curious," he said. "So he's being held in Hogwarts?"

McGonagall looked uncomfortable and then said, "That is . . . Not what I said."

"You did not have to," Draco said, taking a step closer. "Where is he being held?"

McGonagall fixed him with a stern look. "Mr. Malfoy, you are operating on thin ice. I have no obligation to you to share the location of a student at the time of your choosing simply because you've asked."

"But you do have an obligation to the safety of the students," Draco countered, his relaxed body disguising the fact that what he really wanted to do was throw up on the floor at her feet. "So it's best if you share his location. So he can be avoided."

McGonagall scoffed. "You are so much like your father, Mr. Malfoy. You believe the rules don't apply to you as long as you turn on the Malfoy charm. But you are speaking with the professor who's had to deal with Harry Potter for the past seven years. I know what it looks like when a student is trying to bend the rules."

Draco bit his tongue, looking down at the ground. He didn't like being compared to his father or to Potty, but he knew that she was right. He was trying to get around the rules. He didn't know what he was going to do to Theo, but he knew for certain that he wanted to see at least a bit of his blood before the Ministry whisked him away.

"I'm only trying to ensure that the rules are being properly enforced, Headmistress," Draco said firmly. "The punishment of Crabbe was severely mishandled, and I'm beginning to question your loyalty to the students of this school."

McGonagall's eyes widened and she looked angrier than Draco had ever seen her. He almost smirked.

He had her.

"Mr. Malfoy! My hands were tied with Mr. Crabbe's punishment, and had I the ability, he would never have set foot in this school again. Mr. Nott is being punished to the full extent of my abilities, believe me you, as I have ensured it. Do not insinuate that I do not know how to run my post, or that I have no intentions of protecting my students when they are harmed."

There it was. Her "hands were tied" and "had she had the ability," Crabbe would have been expelled for throttling Granger. That meant that somehow, in some way, Crabbe had escaped punishment against McGonagall's wishes. Crabbe's father was no Malfoy, and he was in Azkaban with the Dementor's Kiss at his back. How had Crabbe gotten away with it, why was McGonagall forced into it, and who had gotten in the way of his expulsion?

"Forgive me, Professor McGonagall," Draco said as he bowed at the waist. He smirked at the ground. "I can only hope that you will continue to . . . Fully extend your abilities when I find out who cast the curse on Granger."

She glowered at him as Draco rose from his bow. He turned to go to his dorm before lunch.

"And Mr. Malfoy."

Draco stopped, back still turned.

She said, "Do not delude yourself into thinking that you're the only one in Hogwarts who cares for Hermione Granger."

The moment he rounded the corner of the corridor, he hurled that morning's bacon all over the floor.

Advanced Potions was probably the worst class of the day. He was so sick that even Blaise left him alone, resigning himself to sending Draco mother-hen looks all throughout the lecture. Draco didn't have the energy to glare him into stopping, so he just let him stare and fuss. Granger sat on the other side of Blaise that day, which was new, and she peered over at Draco occasionally, too.

When both Blaise and she thought Draco had buried his head in his arms to sleep, they began to converse.

"Is he still unwell?" Granger asked, sounding concerned.

"Quite," Blaise replied. "He's been this way all day. Couldn't keep down anything at breakfast except for some ham."

"Really?" She sounded intrigued. "What did he try to eat?"

As Blaise told her, Draco stared at the tabletop. He wished they wouldn't talk so loudly, but he supposed it was just his headache that was telling him that. He shuddered, feeling the nausea starting to build again. It was a strange sort-of nausea, similar to the empty feeling that one has when they went to bed on an empty stomach and woke up hungry. Draco wouldn't be surprised if he was ravenous, since he'd ended up throwing up his bacon and hadn't even gone to lunch. The moment he'd returned to his dorm to rest, he'd napped all the way through it.

"Perhaps you should send him to the -"

"He's been to the Infirmary," Blaise said, sounding a bit helpless. "Nothing's worked. McGonagall even gave him a note for the Restricted Section to research magical maladies. Haven't heard back from him on that one."

"So that was why he was . . . Never mind." Granger cleared her throat. "In any case, he doesn't look good. He should really be in his dorm, sleeping."

"Good luck trying to get him to do that," Blaise chuckled. "Without his mom there to fawn all over him, there's nothing in it for him."

"What?"

"He's quite dramatic," Blaise replied. "He's the type to lie in bed for an entire two weeks with a common head cold. Obnoxious, really."

Granger's response was surprising. "I believe you. One hundred percent."

Draco did doze off after that, finding that the buzzing in his head had increased to levels he could hardly stand. He never thought he'd feel this way, but thankfully, Slughorn lectured the entire ninety minutes of class. Draco hadn't been looking forward to having to brew that day, fearing that all the smells and heat would just make him more sick.

After class, Draco saw that Granger was lingering by the doorway. Potty and Weaselbee were in the hallway, calling to her, and if Draco weren't so unwell, he likely would have sneered at that. It was honestly ridiculous; how could she not see that they followed a damn pattern? The moment she was better, they'd go back to ignoring her and feeling betrayed by her again.

"Ready to go, mate?" Blaise stood by his seat.

Draco jumped, having not realized he was still just standing there in front of his chair. He nodded dazedly and then they turned to go. Granger perked up when she saw Draco nearing, but he kept his face blank.

"I wanted to say," she said, "that if you need, I can brew a nearly perfect Pepper-up Potion for you. It might help you with the fever symptoms at least."

Draco looked down at her, his eyes sliding to where Potter was glaring at him. Strangely enough, the Weasel had no expression other than faintly-attentive curiosity. He looked back down at Granger.

"My initial inclination is to reject it, call you a swot, and tell you to sod off," he said, watching her brow furrow. "But due to my dramatics, I won't be rejecting any sort of fussing this day."

Draco thoroughly enjoyed the guilty looks that she and Blaise exchanged.

"Very well," Granger said, lifting her nose up high the way she usually did. "I'll go back to my dorm and begin. It should be ready after dinner."

Draco just stared at her until she sidled out and joined a thoroughly incensed Potter and concerned Weaselbee. He watched as Potter wrapped his arm around her shoulders, and his magic broke through his fever enough to let Draco know he was miffed about that. He took a step forward, wanting to tell Potter to get his hands off of her, but a hand on his shoulder from Blaise stopped him.

"Best let it alone," Blaise said, giving him a look.

Draco didn't want to let it alone. He wanted Potter's arm off of her. He wanted to trot over and put his own arm around her. He wanted to do anything and everything possible to show everyone that Granger was his. Because deep down, he knew that if he'd done that sooner, no one would have ever had the guts to hurt her. Sure, Theo had done it under the impression that Draco believed she was his, but if he'd shown it, then maybe things would have turned out differently.

There was nothing he could do about Crabbe, however, and that still bothered him at the back of his mind. He hadn't been sick at that time, assuming Draco's magical malady was the thing making him feel this way about Granger, so he was more focused on the injustice of Crabbe's thoughts. It was because he felt the way he did now that he wished he could have helped her then.

Draco's fever reached an all-time high after dinner. He'd barely functioned at the table, staring at the tabletop as it spun in circles. He'd tried to deal with the combined hunger and nausea, but nothing that he ate tasted good or right. The talking and noise had made it feel like he was drilling his entire wand in through his temple and out the other side, so he'd eventually just gotten up and left.

When he stumbled back into the common room, it was empty. He made a beeline for the stairs, fully intending to sleep the second his head hit the pillow. His skin was dripping with sweat even after casting tergeo a few times throughout the day, and he wanted to peel off all of his clothes and lay on the floor until the fever broke. But when he stopped for a moment to lean against the back of a couch and rub his temple, the portrait opened behind him.

"How's that fever?"

Draco whirled around, distaste darkening his face as he caught sight of Crabbe, alone.

"Feels as shitty as you look, mate," Draco shot back, running his hand through his messy hair. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go throw up in my room."

Crabbe slipped his hands into the pockets of his trousers and started to walk closer. He moved slowly, as though sauntering, and grinned at Draco like he knew something secretive.

"You must be hungry," he said. "Can't Granger give you a bite to eat?"

Draco closed his eyes, perched on the back of the couch. "If I weren't so sick, I'd jinx you for using her name. But it's a fortunate day for you, Crabbe. So why don't you go back to dinner, and when I'm better, I'll jinx you twice to make up for it."

Crabbe halted halfway between Draco and the portrait and cast a lazy glance out the window.

"Waxing gibbous moon," he said with a bit of a yawn. "Won't be long now."

Draco looked at him, about to comment, but then a sudden wave of nausea rolled through his body and he leaned over to be sick. He threw up bile until his throat was raw, heaving even though there was nothing inside. He felt Crabbe's hand patting his back, the slightly shorter, much more burly man cooing like Draco was a small child.

"I'll go get Granger," Crabbe said, and when Draco looked at him, he was smiling. "I'll ask her to bring your dinner to your room."

Draco began to throw up again, the acid lining his stomach coming up full force. He could do nothing as Crabbe left, even though he wanted Granger nowhere near Crabbe. But he was sure McGonagall had made it clear that Crabbe was to go nowhere near Granger; that was likely why he hadn't bothered her since the fight in the common room. Crabbe was probably just taking the piss out of him, talking about the moon and food because he was trying to say something inappropriate about Granger, and because he was a nutter.

Another heave and then Draco was finally done. He hated this. He hated how weak he felt, how awful. He clutched his stomach and tripped his way up the stairs, his left hand on the banister being the only thing holding him up. He could feel it getting worse as he entered his room, ripping his button-up off to escape the inferno in his body. Then, he collapsed on the floor.

The dizziness culminated in darkness, and he was out.

Draco's eyelids fluttered open in complete darkness, searching around in confusion. He'd fallen right inside his door, his own body holding it closed. Someone was knocking quietly yet insistently and when he lifted his head, he could see the waxing moon shining directly on him.

The knocking halted and Draco slowly drew his elbows back to push himself up. The moment he did, his head pounded and filled him with the nausea he'd grown accustomed to feeling all day. He almost groaned. So the fever hadn't broken yet.

Once again, he heard the knocking. It seemed important, so he got to his hands and knees with aching slowness. His magic seemed dormant, apparently not aware he was awake. He grabbed his wand, casting tergeo on his sweaty body then again on the sick he'd left on the floor, and opened the door a crack.

"Oh, honestly, it took you ages." Granger pushed her way inside with a lumosed wand, holding out a vial. "For your fever."

Draco stared down at her in shock, feeling quite naked standing there in his pants and trousers, his entire upper torso bare for her to view. And view she did, her eyes rolling down his body. They lingered on his midsection, on abs that he was quite proud of, and then snapped off to the side.

He reached for the vial but stopped. He was going to throw up, and there was no way he was doing it in front of Granger. He pushed past her and rushed into his adjoining bathroom, slamming the door shut. He retched into the toilet, feeling the fever worsening by the moment. He then stood up and looked at himself in the mirror.

He looked absolutely wrecked.

Somehow, he had the energy to brush his teeth with his regular spearmint toothpaste before he went back out of the bathroom, where Granger had taken her seat on the edge of his bed. His room had been completely cleaned and the lamp was on.

"I'm not surprised you cleaned," Draco muttered as he staggered out and leaned against the wall to catch his breath. "You always did seem the type to love House Elves."

"There's one thing you've got correctly about me," she said, pointing at his bedside table. "The Pepper-up Potion."

Draco walked over to the bed, leaning down to pick up his wand from the floor. He put out the light, frowning.

"Makes my headache worse."

"Oh," she said, and she stood up abruptly. "Well . . . I suppose I'll . . . Go."

Draco stood up, too, and took the potion. It tasted like cherries, which he was familiar with since his mother stuffed him full of Pepper-up Potions whenever he got so much as a sniffle. He felt it sliding down into his stomach, settling into the pit of it.

"No," he said, and then he was back in the bathroom, and it was coming out of his stomach.

"This is so bizarre."

Draco jumped, whirling around from his place on the floor before the loo. Granger stood there, her arms crossed over her long-sleeved shirt. She wore the same pyjamas as the night he'd been in her room, but this time, her hair was considerably more tame.

"What's bizarre is you standing in my loo," he complained, panting for breath.

"You can't keep anything down, even potions," Granger continued, brows knit together in perplexion. "It's really quite strange. I wonder what type of magical malady this could be?"

"Thank Merlin the great Dr. Granger is here to finally heal me." His head lolled against his arm. "Perhaps now, I can finally rest easy."

"Honestly, Malfoy, you're quite fortunate I'm involved now," she sniffed, turning to go back into his room. "I'm told I'm quite intelligent."

Suddenly, before he could respond, he felt his magic starting to churn. The dizziness increased, spinning round and round, telling him no matter what he did or what happened, he needed to follow her. It told him that if he didn't follow her right now, then he would simply die. That he would shrivel up and die, and there would be no helping him.

Oh, not again, he thought miserably as he hauled himself to his feet of his own accord. He could feel what his magic was doing, what it wanted. He tried to fight it, stumbling against the wall so hard that his shoulder throbbed with pain. He slid to the floor, still leaning his side against the wall, and was unable to hide his groan as she rushed over.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

And then she put her hand on his shoulder.

He bit his lip and hung his head, trying to push her hand off of him. He opened his mouth to tell her not to touch him, that it was dangerous, that he wasn't sure what was going on, but the moment the back of his forearm connected with the side of hers, he felt his magic roaring to life.

Somehow, in some way, without him really understanding what had happened, his mind went into a delirium. A frenzy, really. He turned until his back was to the wall, grabbed both of her forearms, and pulled her onto his lap. She gasped, crying out in shock as he placed his hands on her thighs and pulled her forward until she was flush with his hips, stomach, and chest, her arms crushed between them.

"Malfoy, what are you doing?!"

Barely, just barely, Draco got a handle on his magic long enough to hold it back. He dug his hands into her hips because it was the only thing he could do to stop his hands from grabbing her face. His head fell forward, his forehead resting on her shoulder as he struggled with himself.

He could feel it - the fever. It wasn't going away and it wasn't getting better. It was just getting worse. With every heaving breath she took as she tried to make sense of what was happening, Draco felt his magic erupting. His magic wasn't reacting to his fever. It was causing his fever. And the more active it got being near her, the more delirious he felt himself becoming. With her body pressed up against his like this, her squirming to try and get away, it was all he could do not to cry out.

Crabbe's words suddenly materialized in his mind, coming from his magic, as though he could understand what it wanted.

"You must be hungry."

Hungry. Yes, he was hungry. Ravenous. With his head in the position it was in, he could smell Granger's freesia scent as strong as ever and he could feel his heart pounding in his chest, his stomach reeling.

"Gr-Granger," he managed to choke out, his fingers digging into her. "Something's . . . Something's wrong."

She froze when he adjusted his face so that his mouth was against her shoulder. Another gasp escaped her mouth as his hand gripped her collar and pulled it aside, exposing the skin. Somewhere beneath the fever, beneath the screaming of his magic, he knew what he was doing was wrong and terrifying. He wanted to stop. He wanted to stop . . . He wanted . . .

His lips pressed against her shoulder in a heavy kiss, one that caused him to exhale audibly. He nuzzled the skin and then dragged his lips to her collarbone. He kissed her there again, allowing his tongue to snake out and taste her, eliciting another gasp and causing her hips to jerk.

Delicious.

"M-Malfoy," she whispered. "Y-You're not . . . Yourself . . ."

"Can I . . . Taste . . . ?" He didn't know what he was saying or doing.

"Taste?" She froze. "Taste wh - oh. But that can't be . . . Could it?"

Then, much to Draco's surprise, she wrestled her arm out to the side and accioed her wand. He fully expected and hoped she would stupefy him, but much to his further astonishment, she held it to the skin in the crook of her shoulder and neck. His eyes were lidded, half-shut in primal anticipation. His magic knew what was going to happen, what it wanted, before Draco did. He felt like he was swimming in a black lake of confusion, barely able to see anything except for what was in front of him, and that was her flesh.

"Diffindo," she murmured, her voice shaking. She sounded scared but determined, as though she knew what was about to happen was terrifying but necessary. But what was she doing? Why was she cutting herself?

Draco was confused, so, so confused, and then he smelled it. Metallic and pungent, the aroma drifting up into his nostrils. His magic went haywire, bursting out in all directions and circling back around to slide into his trembling body. His fingers twitched, his body reacting eagerly to something he didn't understand, his breaths coming out in ragged pants as he dragged her body closer to his.

Blood.

"Oh, fuck," he moaned, and then he latched his lips to the cut.




 

 

Invisible


Walk Alone by PVRIS, Ocean Eyes by Billie Eilish, Ain't That Pretty by AiLee, Way Out by Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Jungle by Emma Louise, No Choir by Florence & The Machine, and Human by Maggie Lindemann

Hermione POV

Hermione had always been the inquisitive type.

Never one to turn down the opportunity to learn, she always signed up for way too many classes. In her Third Year, she'd even had to use a Time-Turner just to be able to get to them all, and it wasn't just because she was trying to graduate early at the time. It was because she wanted to learn as much as possible because she thoroughly enjoyed it.

It was during the Third Year that Hermione researched supernatural creatures. She was looking for information on werewolves for an essay that Remus assigned when she inevitably stumbled across the topic of vampires. She knew what vampires were capable of, and while not all of those symptoms matched Malfoy's, the moment he asked her for a taste, she'd thought it curious.

Could fever and lethargy be a symptom of vampirism? She supposed she'd noticed him sleeping in class, and she had caught sight of him spitting his cereal up that morning. But vampires traditionally slept during the day and walked at night, according to what she'd read. Then she thought about their moment in the alcove, when he'd nuzzled her neck and smelled her, saying things that made her knees knock together. Could it be . . . That he'd smelled her blood?

Was Malfoy a vampire?

The Muggle in her wanted to deny it, but the witch in her said it was entirely plausible. At any point in time since the end of the war, Malfoy could have encountered one. To account for the daywalking, perhaps he had some sort of magical artifact that could assist. As for the lethargy, she was sure that could be lack of human blood. For the moment they'd shared in the alcove, she wasn't sure, but since she was sure he didn't feel anything for her like that, she supposed there could be quite a few symptoms of vampirism that educational books in the Library at Hogwarts didn't list.

And so, partly out of a need to learn and partly out of a need to get herself out alive, she cut her own shoulder and waited. She didn't know what would happen and she didn't know what he would do, but she did know that for some strange reason, she trusted him. Malfoy had never given her specifically any reason not to trust him; every bad thing he'd done in previous years had nothing to do with her. After she spoke for his father, any interaction she had with him, while oftentimes cruel, wasn't exactly dishonest. He was honest to a fault with her, and that was why, deep down, she knew he would stop before too long. If she was right.

She hoped.

"Oh, fuck," he moaned, the rough sound of his voice causing her heart to skip a beat. And then she felt his lips against her shoulder, his tongue laving against the open wound. His fingers were gripping, pulling, tugging her closer, sounds of contentedness coming from the depths of his chest. It made her stomach twist and flip, the hand that was still crushed between them clenching into a fist and the hand holding her wand tightening around the handle of it.

Malfoy's hands traveled up her back, dragging the back of her shirt up, sucking almost passionately at her wound. His teeth scraped, hurting, and Hermione winced. He would stop if it got to be too much. He had to.

Hermione felt something coming over her, a strange feeling that she couldn't quite place. It rolled downward through the air, smoothing along her arms and legs, warm and inviting. She felt her skin tingling with pins and needles, and her hands began to tremble. It was almost like she could feel his magic. Like it was caressing her, coaxing her into relaxing.

"More," he gasped when the tiny wound would no longer give off an ample amount of blood. "More. Please. More."

He sounded like a child, or like the fever had affected his capacity to formulate full sentences. When his head fell back against the wall, his face tipped up to gaze at her, she was astonished to see that his eyes were glazed over - like he didn't even realize it was her he was feeding from.

Hermione started to shake her head, suspecting that this was part of the vampirism, that she needed to stop him, but then his brow furrowed. He rubbed her back up and down for a moment and then moved his hands to her waist. She could feel the heat of his fingers through the fabric of her shirt and she stifled a gasp by closing her mouth.

"Please," he begged, nuzzling his face up into the crevice of her neck. His platinum blond hair was soft as it tickled her jaw and the lower part of her cheek. "Please."

Hermione debated her options. She could do as he asked, push it, see what happened. Or she could stop him, get up, see what happened. Either option carried a general modicum of risk.

It didn't fly beyond Hermione's mind, the fact that she was straddling Draco Malfoy's lap on his dorm room floor, heart pounding and stomach fluttering. It seemed so absurd that it was almost comical, her perched there, him pleading with her. It made her feel almost appreciated, even though she knew that it was likely out of his scope of control.

But what if the amount of blood he'd consumed wasn't enough? She thought back, tried to remember if there was a specific amount that vampires needed in one feed. If he was a vampire, wouldn't he know when to stop, when he was sated?

Perhaps he was aware of his faculties enough for her to simply . . . Ask him to stop?

"You've got to stop when it becomes too much," she said, her voice shaking with her trepidation. She picked up her wand, trying to debate the best place. It was so strange hearing Malfoy sound like this, like he wasn't exactly in control of himself and what he was saying.

"I will, I promise. I swear it," he choked out, his eyes following wherever the wand pointed in her indecision. He grew visibly eager the longer she took, his lips parted, breaths coming raggedly, hands clenching around her waist and unclenching. "Merlin, fuck, I promise."

Hermione grimaced. "I'm not sure where . . . I don't want to lose too much . . ."

He blinked and shook his head, as though he were in a fog. "Your wrist or . . . Your neck? I don't know . . . I don't know what's going on . . . Oh, Merlin, I just want it."

Hermione watched him for a moment, watched as he licked his bloodied lips, and she wondered why she wasn't more alarmed or disturbed, especially after what had happened with Theo. Perhaps she'd had her nose in books so long that she truly did feel like she knew everything. Perhaps she actually trusted Malfoy enough to stop, and she was being reckless like she was with Theo. Perhaps she felt like vampirism was just as routine as werewolfism, and if she could help him, she wanted to.

If he was a vampire. She still didn't know for sure. What she did know was that when it came to learning and understanding things, she was quite reckless indeed.

Finally, she settled on the base of her neck, a few inches to her left of the original wound. She would make the wound long enough to give him more blood, faster, and then she'd be able to stop him sooner than the first one. And that way, if he had fangs, he wouldn't be able to bite her and leave a mark. As far as she'd read, vampire fang bites never healed due to the fact that victims were not supposed to survive. At least, it all sounded logical to her, but what they were doing wasn't exactly logical. So maybe she didn't know what the Hell she was doing.

As she cast the spell, he bit his lip, his eyes dragging up to lock with hers. They smoldered with unbridled desire, a look she'd never thought she would see within the eyes of Malfoy, and it made her heart skip a beat.

"You're so perfect," he whispered, his eyes snapping back and forth between her face and the cut as her wand finished it. "Oh, fuck, yes. You're so . . ."

The moment she lifted her wand away from the wound, blushing at his words, he trailed off and slipped his right hand up into her curly hair. He tilted her face up and head back, pressing his lips to the cut. The moment he did, the feeling Hermione felt earlier - the one she suspected was his magic - came over her again. It caressed and massaged her all over her body, moving from her ankles to her thighs, her wrists to her upper arms, all the way from her scalp to her lower back. And it felt good.

It must be some sort of ability, she thought as her stomach began to flip. Because she couldn't actually be feeling this way. She couldn't actually be feeling her toes curling, her womb clenching as though it ached with emptiness. She couldn't actually . . . Want Malfoy?

Could she?

And then Malfoy's hands went to her hips again, dragging her closer, moaning as her blood trickled into the confines of his mouth. And it was all so much, too much, him pulling her downward, his bare chest against her hand. She uncurled her fist and pressed it flat against his bare chest, her mind spinning with confusion, trying to lift herself away from him to escape the feeling. It was no use, her body wasn't cooperating.

"Malfoy, this . . ." She kept trying to speak, but every time she did, his feeding became more like a kiss, or his hand moved up to run through her hair, or he'd pull back and murmur something unintelligible. And then she was lost in it again, moving her own hips against his. Even though they were fully clothed, it felt so warm, so close. Like they were naked.

It was overwhelming. So overwhelming, in fact, that she whimpered and squeezed her eyes shut against the shiver that ran the length of her back.

"Just stay there," he cooed gently, tongue laving against the wound. "Just stay there for me . . . Just for me . . . Yes, you're so good, Granger . . ."

Hermione, feeling flustered and shaky, jerked her neck away when he came back toward it. Malfoy shook his head desperately.

"No . . . No, please, no . . ." He pulled at her hips again, then her waist. She felt small and breakable, like he had all of the control. She wasn't sure how she felt about it, but she did know that her body was aflame with something that she didn't understand she could be made to feel by another person other than herself. Her experience with men was poor and selfish. Malfoy was not, in this moment, selfish.

"Malfoy," she said, her voice shaking. "Perhaps we should . . ."

"I'm not done," he begged, his tongue lapping at the droplets of blood on her neck. "Please . . . I'm not . . . I need it."

"All right," she said begrudgingly, pushing her throat against his mouth.

The moan that he let out made her blush furiously, and she felt like she was floating in a choppy sea as he pulled her against him again, his body arching as if he were experiencing some exquisite form of ecstasy. She could only stay there, floating, as the waves buffeted her back and forth.

"So perfect," he gasped when he lifted his head for a moment to take a breath. "Just . . . So fucking perfect . . ."

Her hand twitched against his chest and she felt her face heating up with an unrecognizable feeling as he kissed around the wound, again and again, speaking in-between kisses. Just for him? What did that mean? She closed her eyes, feeling embarrassed to even be hearing the sounds she was making as her skin lit with an undousable flame. His hands twisted in the fabric of her shirt at the waist.

But she could feel that it was too much blood lost. He had to stop.

"Malfoy, it's time," she said, smoothing her hand from his chest to his shoulder and back again. She didn't know what to do with it, and she wasn't sure what would happen if she tried to tear herself away. What if the risk become a dangerous situation? More dangerous than she was already in?

He ran his tongue along the vertical cut, from the base to the top, and she cried out so loudly that it embarrassed her. Hazy from a mixture of her puzzling feelings and blood loss, her wand fell from her hands and clattered onto the wooden floor. She reached her hand up and tangled her fingers in the hair at the back of his head.

"Malfoy," she whispered, twisting his hair. "Malfoy, stop."

He ignored her, continuing to take and take. She felt panic slicing through her borderline delirium, and she tugged on his head, forcing it away from her throat. He stared up at her through half-shut eyes, his mouth parted as he gasped for breath. Hermione's brow furrowed at the sight of her blood smearing his lips, her heart beating wildly as his tongue snaked out and licked his top lip. He blinked blearily, seeming as confused as her.

"Too much," she mumbled, her vision starting to swim. She reached for her wand and held it to her neck. She couldn't seem to muster a volume higher than a whisper. "Episkey."

Malfoy was still looking at her, his hands sliding up her back absentmindedly, his eyes searching her face. He didn't seem apologetic, but he didn't seem hungry anymore. He also didn't appear to be perturbed by her straddling his lap, which confused her more than the fact that he might be a vampire. She thought of his earlier words. Did he truly think she was perfect? Or was that just because of the blood?

"I should go," she said, cheeks flaring. "I think tomorrow . . . You should go to Miner - Professor McGonagall and tell her who or what you are."

"I don't know what I am," he said, his voice hushed. His thumbs were rubbing her skin gently, fingers still splayed along her spine. His gaze kept flitting from her eyes to her lips.

Her cheeks got redder. "Well, I've some ideas. But it would take more research."

He continued to search her face, and then he moved his hands from her back to her hips. He was looking at her again, eyes bright and smoldering, and she knew.

What did this mean?

Hermione gasped slightly as he lifted her from his lap and set her down beside him. She pulled her knees to her chest, pushing her hair behind her ears. She bit her lip.

"Stop."

"What?' she stared at him, wide-eyed.

"Don't bite your lip." He mirrored her movements, pulling his knees to his chest. He rested his elbows atop them, burying his fingers in his hair. "What just happened?"

"I'm not sure. I-I don't know," she whispered, and then, skin still on fire, she reluctantly stood. "I'll go now."

He got up, and she felt like they were standing much closer to each other than they ever would out in the corridors. He lifted a hand to her hair, pushing it behind her ear. She blushed again and looked down, hoping that maybe if she didn't see that it was Malfoy, she could forget all about this rather embarrassing moment. Because every time she saw him in class, she'd be thinking about the way he sounded when he moaned. She was pretty sure not many witches at Hogwarts could say that.

Could they?

"This goes without saying, but . . ." He said, "You can't tell anyone."

She frowned. She wished he would move back. She had the strangest urge to throw her arms around his neck and climb him like a tree. "You need to tell Minerva."

"I can't," he said, his eyes flashing. "I don't even know what's going on. It could still be a magical malady."

"It could be vampirism," she countered. "And vampires must be registered with the Ministry. You know that."

He bared his teeth, which were stained with her blood. "I haven't any fangs, swot."

"We still don't know. Have you ever met a vampire? I certainly haven't. Perhaps they don't possess fangs outside of media and literature? So, I'd like to do some research."

He shrugged, but his eyes were still lit up. "By all means."

"And your fever?"

"Broken," he replied. "In fact, I feel better than I have in weeks. You've likely cured me."

"I doubt that," she said, crossing her arms over her shoulders. Her shirt was still ridden up, her hips, lower abdomen, and lower back showing above the low waistband of her pyjamas.

"We'll see," he murmured, and then he yawned. "I suppose you had better go, then."

As she walked by him, feeling like every hair on her body was stood up on end, she felt him swirl until he was behind her. She felt his hands on the hem of her shirt, slowly dragging it back into place, pulling her backward slightly. Their bodies were mere millimeters away when he buried his face in her hair and inhaled deeply.

"Fixed it," he breathed into her ear. She felt his thumbs against her bare skin, having slipped beneath the fabric. "Off to bed, then."

Hermione walked slowly back to her room, utterly and completely confused about how she felt. He'd called her perfect and said "just for me" as though she belonged to him. Normally, she would have told him to bugger off, and that she didn't belong to any wizard - especially not him. But back there, in his room, the way he'd somehow made her do whatever he wanted without her even questioning it . . . She didn't much mind belonging to him.

She rather liked being told she was good when she felt like she was a bad person, after everything she'd been through this school year. And she rather liked when it was Malfoy saying it, as though he couldn't help but praise her because of whatever it was he was feeling or she was doing to him. She was certain that had he said the right things, maybe told her how good she was a few more times, they might have gone further. It was surreal.

She blushed and ducked her head down, even though the common room was empty and dark save for the waxing moonlight filtering in through the window.

Had she really just straddled Draco Malfoy's lap in his dorm room and fed him her blood?

The previous Saturday evening, before any part of the blood-drinking fiasco had taken place, Malfoy had left her a gift at her door. When she'd woken on Sunday, hands still trembling with pain, she was surprised to see it on her way to breakfast. She'd looked down, seeing a parcel that had "Try this. - D" written atop it. Heart pounding with excitement at receiving a present and also with confusion, she picked it up and took it back into her dorm.

"Oh, is that a gift?" Luna was at the open door.

Hermione gasped when she saw a potion inside. "Yes, from Malfoy, I think. Though it says 'D', so it could be Dean . . ."

"It's from Malfoy," Luna said dreamily, coming to stand beside her. She lifted up the open parcel wrapping, tapping on the Malfoy family crest in the corner.

Hermione couldn't help but roll her eyes. "Of course they'd have their own wrapping materials."

"That's very kind of him," Luna said. "I wonder what it's for?"

Hermione wracked her brain for a moment and then it dawned on her. Her hands. Perhaps it was for her cruciatus pains? Then, she frowned. Nothing Madam Pomfrey had on hand worked. What made Malfoy think this worked better?

She took a sip. It tasted bitter, like she expected it to, but it made her hands feel better almost instantly. She held up her free hand, wriggling her fingers excitedly.

"It was for my hands!" she said brightly, her cheeks heating with a blush. She smiled down at the bottle full of blue liquid. "He got me a special potion for my hands."

Luna beamed and held her face with her hands. "Oh, my goodness . . . That's so kind. He's such a gentleman. I knew he cared for you."

Hermione didn't know if he cared for her, but she did know that he was the one who'd comforted her after what happened with Theo. If it weren't for him being there in the Infirmary, she wasn't sure she'd have been so calm. And when he'd touched her chin, his eyes scanning her wounds as though he truly cared that she was hurt, she had to admit she was curious. Did he care for her?

After he'd knelt down in the rain with her, something she never thought a Malfoy would ever deign to do, she had begun to think so. She didn't understand it, how it could happen, when it could have happened. But she knew it was almost unbelievable. He couldn't have known how much it meant to her to see him waiting for her when she got back, nor how badly she'd needed to have a cry while he was there, holding her hand and looking into her eyes.

But then she'd fallen asleep with him sitting by her bedside, and when she'd woken up with tears on her cheeks, the first person she'd thought of was him. Because now, he was the first person she thought of when she was hurt or hurting, and because she was afraid he'd left. But he hadn't left. He'd stayed. And when he'd laid down beside her in her bed, instead of feeling scared and pushing him away because he was Malfoy, she'd burrowed into his chest, looking for the safety she so desperately craved. With his knuckles brushing her arm, fingers grazing her hair, she'd found it there. She'd found there, for one night, exactly what she needed to feel after her ordeal at Hagrid's Hut.

Safety.

So when Luna said she thought Malfoy cared for her, for the first time, Hermione didn't correct her. For the first time, she didn't correct her because she agreed.

At breakfast that day, Luna sat beside her and, to her surprise, Ron sat across from her. Hermione had exchanged glances with him, feeling a bit awkward. The double date hadn't gone well at all, but she did feel that things were shifting with Ron's sentiments towards her.

"We're to speak to McGonagall today after breakfast," Luna said as she munched on orange slices.

"Me as well," Hermione said, biting her bread. She fought the urge to glance down the table at Malfoy, or at anyone for that matter. Everyone knew what happened Saturday evening. Everyone knew why the Eighth Year Slytherin Theo Nott wasn't present. They all knew he likely wasn't going to return.

"Hope that tosser gets expelled," Ron said as he chewed his food. He raised his eyebrows. "Quickly."

"He likely will," Luna said, her smile turning sad. "Students who attack other students get expelled."

"Crabbe didn't." Ron's brows stayed up.

"Yes, well . . . We aren't sure why that happened that way," Hermione said, frowning. She wanted to look over at Luna, but knew if she did that, she'd be able to see down to Malfoy. She didn't want to look at him after she'd cried on him and practically cuddled with him. It was mortifying.

"Still," Luna said, "it's very lovely of Draco Malfoy to sit with you the way he did. He was very kind."

"What?" Ron frowned. "The ferret did what?"

Hermione waved her hands to tell them to lower their voices, so no one at their table could hear them. She didn't need any more drama to add to her plate. She leaned in, and so did Luna and Ron.

"Malfoy was there to support me. Luna says he had a lot to say in the common room." After receiving the potion gift from him, Hermione couldn't stop herself from smiling a close-lipped smile.

"He held her hand while it rained, outside," Luna said dreamily. "Hermione told me. It was so romantic."

Ron stared at her as though she'd gone mental, and Hermione blushed.

"He did not hold my hand. But what he did was very kind," she said quickly. "As for the common room, I was told by a very apologetic Dean Thomas that he stood up for me in a large way. He wouldn't tell me what he said, though."

Ron's chewing slowed and he looked at her with furrowed brows. "Well, don't you want to know what he said?"

"I'm sure it's best if I don't know," Hermione said.

"If you're sure," Luna said. "Just know that he cares for you. That much is true."

"Just as I care for you, Luna." Ron wrinkled his nose and smiled at Luna.

Hermione felt glad for them; she was glad they were happy. She could tell they were a proper match.

"Anyway, does it bother you?" Hermione asked, returning to her own breakfast. "That Malfoy was there, in my room?"

Ron chewed on his food thoughtfully for a moment. "After what that tosser Nott did to you, I reckon you can have whoever you'd like by your side, Hermione. Even if it is a snake."

Hermione felt relief flood her body. That was progress, if she'd ever seen it. She looked at Luna with an excited smile, and of course, her eyes slid past her and down the table to Malfoy. Much to her surprise (and a little bit of disgust), he was retching into his oatmeal bowl. Her eyes widened a bit. Malfoy was ill? Had he gotten a cold from being out in the rain? Guilt twisted her stomach.

Fast forward to the day after Malfoy drank her blood, and she was now more confused than ever. While the blood drinking was a sure sign of vampirism, she wasn't sure about the lustful aspect of it. It was unclear to her the full extent of the symptoms, but she was sure she'd never read about vampires being able to push their magic outward and use it to influence the feelings in a victim's body.

Whenever Hermione thought of the events that occurred between her and Malfoy, her stomach flipped and her heart skipped a beat. It wasn't just about what they did, and who with. When she took their own selves out of the equation, and she just looked at herself as a witch and him as a wizard, she felt intimidated. Yes, she was a very intelligent witch. She knew a lot of spells, she was fast, and she had a dark wizard death under her belt. But Malfoy? She had no idea how much he'd accomplished, and that's how she knew he was more powerful than anyone at Hogwarts. Even McGonagall was wary of him, and McGonagall was second only to Dumbledore.

As far as what Hermione knew, Malfoy had spent Seventh Year "relishing," according to Theo. What did that mean? What crimes did his father have to claim for him to allow him to go free?

She was glad Theo had gotten expelled. McGonagall had been quite pleased to announce that to her, Ron, and Luna in her office after breakfast Sunday. It'd been rather simple, too. One letter to the Ministry, and he was out. It did irk Hermione, though.

If it was that simple to expel a student who attacked another, why was Crabbe still enrolled at Hogwarts?

She glanced down the table at him at breakfast on Tuesday morning. He was listening to something Blaise was saying, his eyes focused on the air in front of him. He wore a black button-up, black blazer, and his Slytherin green tie from what she could see. Itdefinitely looked like he was feeling a lot better because he hadn't worn a suit in weeks. It was tight and clung to his body, reminding her of the very fit, in-shape man underneath. She reached up and touched her neck where

A flush rose to her cheeks as a very random, very strange mental image of Malfoy lifting her bodily and pinning her to a wall assailed her senses and she quickly looked away. It was almost laughable. After Monday evening's event, with the feeling of his hands dominating her body, making it do what he wanted without the fear that Theo had instilled in her, she might be able to say they had graduated to acquaintances. And that was only because she didn't know what he thought. But as far as she noticed, he hadn't looked down the table at her once.

Perhaps his comforting her had just been Pureblood generosity.

If Malfoy was a vampire, and he'd tasted her blood, what did that mean? Would he want more? If it was just a magical malady, did that mean he might not need more? She sort-of hoped not, if only to avoid the acute loss of her faculties that him drinking her blood caused for her. Even as she sat there, thinking about it, she squirmed in her seat. She took a quick drink of water.

How wrong. She shouldn't be thinking this way about Malfoy. Even if he had made her entire body tremble with barely more than his touch and his lips against her neck. Twice.

After breakfast, Hermione had rushed out before she could have the unfortunate accident of running into Malfoy. With her thoughts being as racy as they were, she was mortified and afraid that he'd be able to see them through her eyes. If he was a vampire, she knew he'd be able to read her thoughts quite easily, and she wanted to avoid that if possible.

So when she'd been bustling down the corridors to her Charms class, she was startled when she almost ran face-first into Crabbe.

He stood there, hands in his pockets, smirking down at her. She'd frozen there, her first instinct being to do so. She hadn't spoken to him since the duel involving him in the common room and as she glanced around her in the empty corridor, she was wishing she had run into Malfoy. Still, she had her wand in her wrist holster, so she was ready if he tried anything. They still didn't know who'd cast the cruciatus on her, so she had to be careful.

"Good morning, Granger," Crabbe said. "How was your night?"

She flushed in spite of herself. He couldn't possibly know about that. "What do you want, Crabbe?" she spat.

"Just coming by to see my little Mudblood," he purred, sauntering toward her. "Wanted to see if you've been claimed yet."

Bemusion flooded Hermione's eyes as she looked him up and down. She took one step back for every step he took toward her.

"What are you talking about?" she demanded, and then she felt her back hit the wall, not having realized she was stumbling in a diagonal line. "Just sod off, Crabbe."

Crabbe just continued to smirk, his eyes blazing quite wickedly. Then, he shot forward so fast Hermione had only blinked before he was in front of her, his hands pressed to the wall on either side of her head. He tilted his head when she pressed her wand to the base of his throat.

"Aw, poor little Mudblood," he cooed. "So frightened. Everyone's out to get her."

"I'll hex you if you do not step back," she warned, hoping someone would round the corner, and fast.

"Oh, but don't you want to know why Malfoy drank your blood last night?"

Hermione froze, her heart fluttering. How had he known? She peered up at him, her eyes narrowed.

"What do you mean by that? That's nonsense."

"Don't play coy, Granger," Crabbe said, lifting one hand from the wall to lift up a strand of her hair. "I know he fed from you, and I know you know how good it feels. I'm here to see if he's claimed you yet. I'm afraid that once he has, I can't do this."

His hand started down to her chest, but Hermione was fully prepared for that.

"Stupefy!" she hissed, the light coming from the end of her wand and smashing into his throat.

When he didn't go flying back and instead only staggered back a few steps with a slight cough, terror filled her veins. How was he so strong?

"What . . . What are you?" she whispered, eyes wide with horror.

He massaged his throat, laughing. "It's only a matter of time, Granger. Your blood won't be enough for him. Better get ready."

"Ready for what?"

He started past her, then paused. "You're bleeding."

"What?" Hermione looked down at herself, at her pleated uniform skirt and her jumper. "No, I'm not."

"You will be."

And then he was gone, leaving Hermione with trembling hands, a racing heart, and slowly-fading fright in her mind. What had Crabbe meant? It was obvious he knew what Malfoy was, but there was no clarification as to whether or not he was the same type of creature. If he was the same, why had he been able to eat regular food, and Malfoy hadn't? He'd said that "her blood wouldn't be enough." Did that mean he'd want more? Or did it mean he needed something else?

What did he mean by claim me? Hermione thought with a dry throat and sweating palms. If the feeding the previous night was any indication, then that meant exactly what she was thinking it meant.

Was Malfoy going to try and sleep with her? What would be the purpose? And would it be because he wanted to? Or because whatever he was would influence him to do it?

Wringing her hands, Hermione went on to Charms with a heavy heart and addled mind.

Advanced Potions.

Hermione had been dreading this class all day. She stood around the corner from the hall where the door was, continuously walking back and forth while she convinced herself to go in. She knew Malfoy would be in there. She knew the moment she saw him, she wasn't going to be able to tear her eyes off of him. She'd stare at him and everyone would think that they were shagging, which wasn't far off from what they'd almost done the previous night. She chewed on her lower lip.

But she had to. She had to go to class and face him. Because if she didn't, he really would think she was hiding. And even though their interactions were puzzling at best, she knew for certain she didn't want him to think she was avoiding him. Even if she was.

When she entered class, she kept her head down and walked quickly to her old seat at the front. The moment she sat down, she heaved a sigh of relief. Malfoy and Blaise were in their everyday seats at the back, Harry and Ron in their seats somewhere in the middle, and Hermione was safe at the front. Hopefully, she wouldn't be partnered with either Harry or Malfoy.

Things with Ron were going fine, but with Harry? They seemed to be getting stranger. He spent his time glaring into space whenever Hermione was around, but it wasn't like when he'd been ignoring her. It was like he couldn't talk to her. She recognized it as stubbornness, she just didn't know what it was about. She had a feeling that it had something to do with whatever Malfoy had spat at the entire common room on Saturday evening, but she wasn't about to go up to Harry and ask him. He looked like a living expulso spell.

"Today class, I thought we could celebrate a little bit for All Hallow's Eve coming up, as well as tonight's full moon," Slughorn said excitedly. "Today, we'll be making a mock Wolfsbane Potion. It's quite advanced, which is fitting for this class, and is probably the most complicated potion we will be making this term. Now, Wolfsbane Potion, in reality, is extremely expensive and difficult to make. Since it's dangerous, we won't be making the real thing. But the mock-up is made the same way and has the same color, just with different ingredients. If you'll turn to page . . ."

Hermione sighed a bit. She always wanted to learn more about the real Wolfsbane Potion, but she supposed this mock-brewing would be enough. She almost wished Malfoy was a werewolf. At least that way, she'd know it could be managed with Wolfsbane. But then again, she didn't know much about werewolves firsthand. Remus was rather secretive, and the essay she'd written had come from historical texts. But she did know that werewolves didn't drink blood, so right off the bat, it was off the table.

Slughorn's charmed chalk spelled out her name next to Malfoy's, and she felt nervousness creep its way through her.

Slowly, very hesitantly, she rose from her seat and turned to look behind her. Malfoy was standing, too, which was a bit surprising since he'd been so unwell the past few weeks that he usually slumped around. The moment their eyes met, she felt a blush staining her cheeks. It was difficult to see him with his hair combed back like he used to, wearing an impeccable suit when she had a vivid image of him shirtless with his hair mussed up into his face dancing in front of her mind's eyes.

"I'll get the -"

His eyes flashed. "Don't you dare. It's my only job."

She laughed incredulously for a second, wanting to know if he was being serious by acting like everything was normal, watching by her table as he went to gather the cauldron and the ingredients. He came back and set them up, freezing her hand with a burning look whenever she moved to try and assist.

"Malfoy, honestly," she huffed, arms crossed over her chest. "You're being ridiculous."

"Am I?" He raised one brow. "Because all day, you've acted like I'm invisible. Perhaps I should treat you the same."

Hermione's jaw dropped, surprise registering in her eyes. She was wholly unsurprised that he had noticed she was hiding. She was, however, surprised that he cared. She was still unaccustomed to speaking so much to Malfoy when before this year, she hadn't spoken to him unless it was while he was bullying her. It was still strange to know that she was standing in Potions class beside him with the spots he'd touched on her hips tingling.

"Forgive me," she said quietly, wringing her hands again. "I'll . . . Cut the wolfsbane."

He stood beside her, preparing his portion of the ingredients as she started on the wolfsbane. He cut, sliced, crushed, and smashed with practiced ease, reminding Hermione of the fact that both he and his godfather were adept at potion making. His movements were fluid, just as she expected a Pureblood wizard with a rich upbringing to be - as though everything he did was done with purpose, without mistake. She inhaled sharply, trying to steady her breathing.

Had every movement of his hands last night been purposeful, too?

"Interesting."

"Huh?" Hermione jumped, dragging her eyes up from his chest to his face. He was staring back at her.

"In the time it's taken you to cut the wolfsbane, I've prepared everything else." He took a step closer to her, one hand on the edge of the table and the other slipped into the pocket of his trousers. He looked down his nose at her, not smiling, his eyes lit with a fire she couldn't understand. She couldn't stop hearing him groaning about how perfect she was in her ears.

Merlin, why had she never noticed him in these suits before?

"Yes, well, I . . ." Her voice came out in rushes of breath. It was too hot in this classroom. She stepped closer to him, the side of her body brushing up against his as though it were normal, and she reached across him to take the tray of ingredients he'd prepared.

The moment her hand touched the tray, she felt his hand on her lower back where no one could see. Behind them was Slughorn's desk, but he was busy helping students in the room with their brews. She took a deep breath, her eyes darting around wildly. What if someone saw?

His hand slipped up underneath her jumper and she felt his fingers skimming her bare back underneath the fabric, above the waistband of her skirt. Everywhere he touched felt like he'd taken a lit match to it.

"No shirt under your jumper, Granger?" he asked, his voice low. "Good witches don't forget their shirts."

Her heartbeat fluttered and she almost dropped the tray from her sweaty hands. She didn't know how to explain how her stomach twisted when his words insinuated that she wasn't 'good' and had, in fact, done something 'bad'. Her first thought was to worry that he was angry, but then she realized how ridiculous that was. Malfoy would have to care about her to be angry with her.

When she realized she was standing there with his hand against her skin for much too long, contemplating whether or not she was in trouble, she turned so red she thought she might faint. She darted backward, his hand slipping out of her jumper.

"Why don't you just get the tray?" she squeaked out, carefully avoiding his eyes. "I'll do the wand movements."

He smirked and did as she asked, and then she cast incendio. They watched the potion boil for a moment before Hermione dipped her wand inside. She didn't realize she was leaning closer to Malfoy until she felt the scent of his cologne hit her nostrils. She tried not to close her eyes and bask in it, choosing instead to stay rigid as he positioned himself behind her. She flinched when he placed his hands on the table top, one on either side of her waist.

"M-Malfoy," she stammered, eyes scanning the room. No one was looking except Blaise, who was smirking. Of course. She hoped he didn't know what they'd done last night.

"G-Granger," he teased mockingly. "Your wand movements are perfect. I just wanted to let you know."

Hermione nearly caused the brew to fail, right then and there. She gulped, her stomach flipping head over heels, feeling every part of Malfoy's body even though no part of him was touching her.

Why would he be this way? Did he not understand how serious the events of Sunday night were? Did he not understand how grave his condition could be? Here she was, twisting in her knickers like a scared schoolgirl, thinking she was in trouble with him, and he was just taking the piss out of her.

"Malfoy," she said in a clipped tone, her facial expression becoming hard. She kept her eyes on the potion, pretending not to feel anything about his presence behind her. "Step away from me while I'm brewing, or I'll make it explode. And then I'll duck."

There was a moment of silence, and then his right hand lifted from the table and gently carded its way through the hair at the side of her head. She tensed, ignoring the way her scalp tingled when her hair shifted, and waited with bated breath while he pushed it out of the way of her ear.

Oh, Merlin, she thought in dismay. Please not my ear . . . Please not my ear . . .

His fingers brushed her ear and her eyelids fluttered. Damn him. Damn him to Hell.

"But Granger . . ." His nose nuzzled against her ear and her entire body trembled. "I'm not done."

"Mr. Malfoy! Miss Granger!" Slughorn sounded angrier than Hermione had ever heard him. "What are you doing?!"

Malfoy jumped away from her, running a hand through his hair. Even caught as a culprit breaking the rules, he still managed to make his face look regal and impassive. Hermione, however, was as red as a beet, her hair had frizzed up as the back of her neck began to sweat, and her legs were quivering. As much as she wanted to break the rules, she simply couldn't. She was Hermione Granger.

And worst of all were the looks. The entire class was staring in slack-jawed shock, save for Blaise. He was laughing. Always laughing. Hermione chanced a glance to Harry and Ron. Ron looked astonished, but Harry? Harry looked angry. Great. She'd just made things worse.

"I should give the two of you detention," Slughorn stated. "But I won't because the ingredients of this potion are known to cause undue feelings of lust."

Partners all over the classroom looked queasy and started to step away from each other. Harry's anger faded a bit, but he was still clenching his jaw. Blaise . . . Blaise continued to laugh.

Why did Slughorn keep assigning mood-altering Potions after he'd promised not to?

The rest of the class passed by with relative ease. Malfoy kept his eyes off of her and when Hermione snuck one last glance at him, she saw that the somewhat tired look was back on his face. She gulped. She hoped that it was just embarrassment at being caught doing . . . Whatever it was that they were doing. But the deeper she looked, the more she wondered: would he get hungry again? Was he fully aware of what he was doing when feeding? Was that why he'd teased her with reminders of it?

Hermione ran out of class when it was done, moving as though Snatchers were on her heels.

She skived off her last class, deciding to go to the Library and do some research before things got too much worse. She headed straight for the supernatural section, picking up a few books on vampires, and taking them to a study alcove. She immediately set into the first book, Frances Potier's Vampires, and started scanning the pages.

Hermione wasn't sure what was going on, exactly, or what was going to happen. What she knew for certain was that Malfoy was a magical creature of some sort; it wasn't just a magical malady. She knew that he needed blood in some capacity, and she also knew that it was a lustful experienced for the victim, at least. She now knew that he was aware of what he was saying and doing during the feed, though she was sure it lowered his ability to keep up a facade, and she also knew he was attracted to her specifically.

She had yet to find out if it went beyond the bloodlust when it came to that, but if Potions class' events were of any indication, she had a feeling she was right. What she also did not know was what effect the blood had on him and for how long, nor did she know what Crabbe had to do with all of it. Beyond that, the fact that she didn't know what creature Malfoy was made it so that she couldn't do ample research without possibly wasting her time.

After reading for an hour or so, she lifted her head to take a break and mull over everything she'd learned. From what she'd read, it seemed that vampires did drink blood, but they usually did have fangs. Then, there was the obligatory walking at night, sleeping in the day, garlic allergies, and the ability to turn into bats. As far as she knew, Malfoy only ticked one of those boxes, so she could cross vampire off the list. Officially.

But there was one curious thing she'd stumbled across that she had every intention of studying later. In the back of the third book, Vampires, Incubi, and other Blood-Drinking Subsisters, Hermione found a small passage on the creatures called the Veela. It stated many similarities between vampires, including the blood-drinking and the possibility of fangs, but it had two concerning differences.

One was that Veelas absolutely had to have a mate by a certain age, or they would rot from within and wither. The other was that Veelas had the ability to do magic. If Draco was a Veela and didn't know it, there could be no telling how much time he had. And then there was the glaring issue: his mate. Hermione, being ever the thinker, assumed it would have to be her since they seemed to have a thing going on, however miniscule and confusing. There were still other possibilities. She'd have to do some more research and field study, if she wanted to put it bluntly.

As nervous as the field study part made her, it was necessary.

The only Veela Hermione knew was Fleur, Bill's wife. He'd know more than a random passage in a book. She wrote her questions down on a spare piece of parchment for research later, and then went to put the books back for dinner.

As she was leaving the section, she spotted the Parvati twins standing in another stack. They spotted her in return, before she could rush away, and they started toward her. Hermione tried not to grimace. They had been quite vocal about their dislike of her choices that year.

"Oh, it's you," Padma said with a bit of a sneer. "Where's your boyfriend? Off snogging You-Know-Who's corpse, then?"

Hermione fixed her with a disgusted look. The twins had said they loved her and were her friends weeks ago, but this just wasn't how friends treated one another.

"We all heard about your weekend," Parvati said haughtily. "And while we're sorry you had to experience that with that Slytherin Nott, we're surprised that you're surprised. You've been slagging around with one Slytherin; why not another?"

Hermione bristled. "Excuse me?"

"We're tired of having to tip-toe around you whenever you get 'hurt'," Padma said, using air quotes to emphasize.

Parvati pursed her lips and raised her brows. "It's not anyone else's fault that you're weak. Whoever you were last year is gone. Now? Now, you're definitely not someone I see as a hero."

"Often I wonder if you really had any part in it. It might have all been Harry and Ron," Padma said.

So this was what was on her so-called friends' minds. She'd already made up with Dean, and then Ron. But was everyone else hiding these sentiments about her? Weak? When she thought back to Theo's assault of her, she certainly had felt weak. But Malfoy had been by her side the entire night, reminding her she wasn't weak, and that even if she was, he wasn't going anywhere. Not that night, he wasn't.

As the realization slowly crept on her like a shadow in the night, Hermione lowered her gaze to hide it from within her eyes. Malfoy had done something for her that was likely very difficult for him. At a base level, he was her childhood bully and enemy in the war. He'd set all of that aside, all of their past encounters, and sat by her bed that night. He'd made her tea and he'd defended her to all of the common room. He hadn't made up for his part in the war, but Hermione was all about chances. He had the rest of his life to fix that. This was a wizard who'd done more than make it up to her for what she'd done for his father. This was a wizard who didn't deserve whatever was happening.

No matter what type of creature Malfoy was, she wouldn't let him go through it alone. Even if it scared her, even if the feelings overwhelmed her body to tears, she would be there. Just like she had been for Harry and for Ron the past seven years, now she would be there for Malfoy.

So that meant if he needed her blood, she would give it to him.

Hermione lifted her head, fixing them with a look so severe that they both took a step back.

"Please explain to me: what are your ideas about weakness or strength? Must a strong witch be a witch who doesn't love who she wants, regardless of the consequences? And even if I was weak, does that mean I'm less entitled to my worth? Are strong witches more respectable than weak ones?" she demanded, hands balled into fists at her sides.

Parvati and Padma were silent for a moment, looking at one another. Then, Parvati folded her arms over her chest and regarded her shrewdly.

"Are you saying you love him?" she asked, voice dripping with disgust.

"No, I am simply saying that I'm not weak just because I'm choosing to spend time with someone you personally don't like. I am the sum total of all of my experiences, mistakes, and accomplishments and it's because of that, that I know I am not weak. I choose to spend time with Malfoy because, whether I'm weak or strong, he treats me like I have worth." Hermione drew her shoulders back, kept her head up. She eyed the twins equally.

Padma gave her a sour look. "But he's called you a Mudblood. How could you want to spend time with someone who thinks you're worth less than he is?"

"He has called me that. You are correct. Therefore, he is a wizard who is the sum total of all of his experiences, mistakes, and accomplishments. We're the same. But he's not like that anymore; this, I can assure you. Besides, if he called me a Mudblood, don't you think it's up to me to forgive him?"

Silence and they exchanged glances. Parvati's frown was faltering. "Hermione, we're just trying to look out for you. He's dangerous, like we've told you, and he's not someone you should be spending time with."

Hermione couldn't help but smile. There was no way in the entire wizarding world that the Parvati twins cared about her well-being.

"I thank you for your concern, but I do believe that were you truly concerned for my well-being this year, you might have said something to me earlier. And by something, I mean, 'Hermione, we love you and we care about you, and we just want to be sure you're making a choice you stand by.' And then actually showing what you're saying through your actions. You're supposed to leave it up to me to make the decision."

"So you go and strike up a friendship with Malfoy just because we didn't say what you wanted us to say?" Padma and Parvati said simultaneously.

Padma added, "We've tried to understand you, but we just can't."

Hermione could feel her anger rising. They were either dense, or purposefully picking parts of her argument out to fit their narrative. "Perhaps if my friends had shown me understanding this year, I wouldn't have struck up a friendship with Draco Malfoy. Friendship and love is not conditional."

With that, she shoved past them and stormed her way out of the Library.

It was so strange that by making the choice she'd made for the Malfoy family, she'd forced her friends into showing all of their true colors. And all she'd had to do was open her mouth in court. She was done trying to grovel to them, waiting for them to finally deign to forgive her. She was happy with her life the way it was going now, with the friendships she was fostering, and the possibility she had for her future. Anyone who wanted to constantly hold her down by the throat and punish her was not someone she'd want in her life.

Hermione went straight to the common room, her eyes hunting the area, looking for Malfoy. She was going to confront him about what happened the previous night. It was time to talk about it. The room was emptying out, and he still hadn't appeared on the stairs, so she assumed he was already on his way to dinner.

What the Hell does he think he's going to find to eat down there? A live pig? she thought morbidly as she headed down the corridors.

Hermione wasn't sure what she was going to say to him when she found him, but she knew she was just determined to find him. She supposed she would start by making a big statement. She would sit on the Slytherin end of the table. She was a Gryffindor, after all, and she was brave. She might even sit where Theo used to sit, just to see the looks on their faces.

Suddenly, she saw a pair of feet standing dormant in the center of the corridor near the Great Hall. One more turn and she would have seen the doors to her left and stairs to her right. When she halted and looked up, she was surprised to see Malfoy coming from the opposite direction. Perhaps he hadn't found anything for dinner after all.

But judging by the way he was looking down at her, perhaps he had.

"Oh, Malfoy," she said, drawing up her Gryffindor courage and batting aside her mental images of their encounter. "I was just looking for you. I wanted to speak with you."

He just gazed down at her, ignorant of the looks they were getting from dinner-going students. "I knew where you were."

"What?"

A strange look entered his eyes. A brooding, deep look, and he didn't answer.

Hermione began to feel nervous, her Gryffindor bravery starting to falter in the face of this person. Well, technically he was a monster. She just wasn't sure if she should be scared of him.

"Could I . . ." He bit his lower lip and averted his eyes. "I'm still . . . Will you . . . ?"

"Hungry?" she squeaked out.

He nodded and when he looked down at her, there was another, shifting look in his eyes, like something was awakening in him. Hermione felt a flush rising to her cheeks. When he looked at her that way - which shocked her because it was a when now and not an if - it made her feel like she was undressed before him. He'd never even kissed her on the lips, or engaged in anything specific in that arena, but she'd have to be blind not to understand what he was thinking when that gaze landed on her.

"Right," she said breathlessly, feeling nervous. She glanced around them, seeing a nearby portrait that, thanks to Harry's Marauder's Map, she knew led to one of Filch's secret hallways. "Meet back here halfway through dinner?"

"We can't . . . Right now?" he asked, and he was panting slightly. His eyes looked unnaturally bright.

She wished she could explain to him what went on in her body when he'd fed from her the night before. She wished she could tell him that it was overwhelming for her, and that it made her feel out of control and terrified that her body even had the capacity to feel that way. She wished she could discuss with him what it meant, ask him if it was bloodlust or real lust, and see if they could lay some ground rules. Because if he was a Veela, there would need to be some serious ground rules.

"No, we . . . We need to wait, Malfoy."

He took a step closer, causing Hermione to go rigid. There were students around, some of them taking a couple extra looks at the both of them.

"Why?" he asked, and his voice came out as a growl.

She narrowed her eyes at him, seeing Theo in the way he leered over her. She didn't like it. It was her body. "Because I said so."

Before he could respond, she pushed past him and bustled to dinner. She walked down the table, giving Ron and Luna a slight wave as she went, followed by an awkward look with a still-angry Harry, and then plopped down at the very end next to Blaise.

"Zabini," she greeted, taking a plate from the center of the table. "Pass the greens."

Daphne froze with her fork halfway to her mouth. Goyle stared at her with a deadpan expression. Pansy looked like she was going to explode, scoffing in disbelief. Blaise welcomed her with an arm around the shoulders. Crabbe just kept eating, smirking as he chewed.

And then Malfoy, cocky as ever, slid in across the table from her, right next to Goyle, and smirked, too.

"Come to see how the finer side lives, Granger?" he asked, his eyes lingering on hers as he reached for a plate.

Hermione loaded her plate with food, not taking her eyes off of him as she did so. None of the people at this table had any idea what they'd be doing thirty minutes from now and while she found it a bit exciting, she did find it frightening. What would happen? What if he went too far and drained her? It was always a possibility. They didn't know what he was yet.

"I already know how the finer side lives, Malfoy," she stated curtly. "I'm only here to see how the darker side lives."

Crabbe laughed a cackling laugh that no one seemed to return. Hermione pointedly refused to look at him. He was terrifying, and her words were not that humorous.

"Well, you've come to the right place to learn, swot," Malfoy said, his smirk widening. She saw his eyes dip gracefully down to her throat, study it, and then slide back up to her face. "And how do you find it?"

Hermione felt self-conscious about how she was swallowing, so she sipped her water, looking up at the ceiling. "Oh, I don't know. It's rather droll. Too much preening. Blaise, how are things going in the Prophet?"

Malfoy hid his smirk in a bite of his meat. Hermione watched him for a moment out of the side of her eyes as she looked at Blaise, wondering how he was going to take the food.

"Actually," Blaise said after shooting Malfoy a matching smirk, "I just read this morning that the estates of all the Death Eaters who are imprisoned are now owned by Fenrir Greyback. That includes the Notts, Crabbes, and Goyles. He's their acting guardian now. Financially and custodially."

Hermione almost spat out her food. "They awarded custody of Death Eater estates to a werewolf?" she exclaimed incredulously. "Last I read, werewolves weren't allowed to own property - grievous and wrong as that is. Why would they award millions of galleons and parental rights to a werewolf who acted specifically in the interest of Voldemort?"

Malfoy was eyeing Blaise now, too, his brow furrowed. "Did the article state why?"

"No," Blaise said. "Just that the Ministry had reached an agreement with Greyback regarding the seized estates. My guess is it has something to do with some back-alley deal. Even more bizarre? First thing Greyback purchased was a Muggle building. Called a labradory?"

"Laboratory?" Hermione asked, looking perplexed.

"Yes. Whatever that is."

Hermione's eyes slid to Goyle and Crabbe. They didn't seem interested or perturbed, therefore, she knew the Prophet's report had been correct. It was alarming, especially regarding the chilling things Greyback had said to Hermione that night at the Manor, all those months ago. She still heard him in her nightmares. If there was anyone that scared her more than anyone else, it was him.

But it didn't make sense. It broke all sorts of laws, was a direct move against the side that had actually won the war, and frankly, made Hermione look worse. First, she spoke for Lucius at his trial and got his Kiss sentence moved out thirty years. Now, the Ministry awarded Voldemort's personal assassin Fenrir Greyback the control of Death Eater money? How did that make sense? It looked like something was going on, like they were making plots. What if witches and wizards started accusing her of working with Greyback?

"I can see your swotty mind working from here, Granger," Malfoy snapped. "Well, out with it. Share."

Everyone was staring at her, and it was so strange having not just the entire school shooting her looks for sitting with the Slytherins, but also the Slytherins themselves. She fidgeted with her napkin.

"It just seems . . . Strange, is all," Hermione said, keeping her eyes on Malfoy. "Don't you think?"

"Everything the Ministry does is strange," Malfoy answered, taking another bite of his food. It was odd; Hermione had never watched him eat. It wasn't as odd as her sitting across from him knowing that in twenty minutes, they were going to sneak off to do something even more absurd.

"But this is . . . They've broken laws. Actual laws. And for what?"

"What, you think the children of Death Eaters don't deserve to have futures?" Daphne sneered. "Just because their parents made the wrong choice, the Ministry should let their children suffer?"

Hermione fought the urge to roll her eyes. All of the children of Death Eaters had fought on the wrong side of the war.

"Daphne," Hermione said conversationally between bites of her vegetables. "Correct me if I'm remembering this wrong, but . . . Did we not duel on the steps outside the Great Hall on the night of the Final Battle? Did we not duel, and did I not win?"

Goyle choked on his tea and both Blaise and Crabbe began to laugh. Hermione didn't like Crabbe laughing at anything she said like they were friends, and when she looked to Malfoy, he was glaring at Crabbe quite openly. He speared a piece of meat and ate it while not looking away from him.

"You slag," Daphne hissed. "You may have won, but the only reason why you're here is because Draco's boffing you. You must have a golden Mudblood cunt because he's made it clear he wished he avadaed you last year."

Hermione's grip tightened around her glass, but she remained calm. This was a Pureblood she was dealing with. They didn't fight with wands first; they started with words and wits.

"And every shag brings me one step further from death," Hermione said, feigning boredom. She gestured to the rolls and gave Goyle a polite smile. "Goyle, be a dear and pass the rolls. Thank you."

The silence that followed was broken by Blaise and Malfoy both laughing as if it were the funniest thing they'd ever heard. Crabbe was looking at Pansy, neither of them laughing - for once - and Goyle hid his face in his consumption of dinner. And when Daphne got up and stormed off, nearly bumping into Harry at the Great Hall doors, the two boys looked at each other and began to laugh anew.

Hermione continued to eat, ignoring her racing heart. She couldn't help but sneak a look at Malfoy. He was so . . . Handsome when he laughed. His teeth were pristine and white, pearls amongst an equally-perfect mouth. When he smiled - truly smiled - his silver eyes crinkled at the edges and all the storm melted from his face to become Spring. It was quite alluring and she found that she was blushing by the time the two of them had stopped chuckling.

"You have the grace of a Pureblood witch, if I do say so myself, Granger," Blaise said, chucking her under the chin. "I'm surprised you weren't raised among us."

Malfoy's eyes lingered on her chin. "Granger's got more intelligence in her little finger than the lot of us. I'm surprised she didn't write the book on Pureblood customs."

Hermione choked on her water, coughing so hard that Blaise had to pat her on the back.

Did Malfoy just give me a compliment? She tried not to think too hard on it. He was likely hungry, and they were leaving in ten minutes.

Malfoy's gaze went from her to Blaise and then he took a bite of his food.

Crabbe suddenly stood up and surprised everyone by coming to sit on Hermione's other side. Malfoy's gaze went from warm and open to icy and closed off in a matter of seconds. Crabbe's eyes met his and then Hermione stiffened as Crabbe slung an arm around her shoulders.

"Well, come now, Granger," Crabbe said, taking his left hand and using it to brush her hair behind her ear. She flinched at his touch, her eyes on the tabletop. "Tell us some more stories about the final battle. Who else did you duel?"

Hermione felt like she had a dead thing hanging on her back. "You, if I remember correctly. But you botched that one up quite well yourself. Do you recall?"

Malfoy had stopped eating and Hermione could almost feel his quiet fury. But they were in the Great Hall. There was nothing that could be done without causing a scene, and McGonagall was not likely to excuse Malfoy if he launched himself across the table.

Hermione flushed, catching herself. Why was she assuming Malfoy was mad at Crabbe still because of her?

Crabbe tightened his arm around her, more and more, until Hermione could barely breathe. He pushed his face closer to hers, grinning sweetly.

"Why, yes. I do recall." He pressed a lingering kiss to her temple and Hermione wanted to vomit. "I always did want to thank you for that."

Malfoy's eyes were unfocused, looking at Hermione's head where Crabbe's lips had just been.

"What is there to thank me for?" Hermione asked, choking it out past her constricted lungs.

He held her tighter, pushing a gasp out from between her lips. "For giving me someone that I hated enough to cast Fiendfyre. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be here, embracing you, the personal reminder I have every day of the fact that my father's never coming home. Isn't that delightful?"

Hermione's vision was swimming, her arms pressed so tightly to her sides that it was pushing her chest together. She tried to take a breath, unable to get anything in and finally, she lifted her eyes and sent Malfoy a pleading look. She couldn't take it anymore and in her panic, she selfishly hoped he leapt over the table and risked expulsion.

Malfoy's eyes met hers and the iciness melted into a blazing inferno. He slammed his hands down on the table top and rose to his feet.

"Crabbe, if you fancy your hands, you'll remove your arm from her shoulders," Malfoy hissed. "Now."

Crabbe eyed him, and Hermione started to see spots. "Oh, I'm sorry. Is our conversation cutting into your mealtime?"

"We are at dinner," Goyle said, looking confused.

"Oh, yes. We are," Crabbe said cryptically, and then he finally let Hermione go.

Hermione fell against Blaise's side, who looked confused and astonished to see that she hadn't been able to breathe. No one in the Great Hall had noticed except for Malfoy, and fortunately for her, not many people at the younger tables looked up when he walked around to stand behind Hermione. He glared at Crabbe while Hermione stood, waiting for her to catch her breath.

"Leaving together, then?" Crabbe rested his chin on his hand, gazing up at them with a dreamy, cheeky smile. "Do hurry. Full moon's out already."

Hermione shot him a disturbed look, and then turned to leave. She was vaguely aware of Malfoy following her, but she didn't care.

So much for sneaking away and meeting at the portrait.

"Maybe we should . . . Go back to the common room," Hermione suggested once they were out in the hall. There were too many people who'd witnessed what happened in the Great Hall, and she didn't want to risk being seen walking behind or out of a portrait with Malfoy.

Their eyes met, unspoken words passing across the space between them, and then he nodded. "All right."

As they walked back to the common room, it seemed like the corridors were bigger than usual. Hermione felt nervous, especially since she knew what was coming this time. The last time, it was a surprise, but now? Now, she'd had time to anticipate and she knew what it was going to be like. She glanced over at Malfoy, who walked beside her with one hand in the pocket of his trousers. When he glanced back, she quickly looked away.

The common room was empty, as expected, and Hermione stood in the center of it, looking from the boys' stairs to the girls'. Malfoy came up behind her, paused, and then came around to stand in front of her. He peered down at her curiously.

"Granger . . . Are you nervous?"

Hermione blanched. "That wouldn't be very Gryffindor of me, so . . . No. I'm all right."

"Your legs are shaking. If you weren't clenching your teeth, they'd be chattering." Something danced in his eyes, something she might attribute to mirth if it weren't her that he was speaking to.

"All right, fine," she snapped. "I'm nervous. We haven't talked about it, so . . . Yes, I'm quite nervous."

He put his hands on his hips. "Would you like to not do this? I feel all right, I can just . . ."

"Ignore it?" Hermione shook her head, biting her lip. "No. I want to do this for . . . For you."

Draco's eyebrow arched. "Interesting."

"Let's use . . . My room," Hermione said, gritting her teeth because he was right about the chattering.

"If you're more comfortable."

Hermione sized him up, brow furrowed. How could he be so calm and accepting? He didn't find it mad that they were in the process of locating a place that would be used not only for drinking her blood, but that would have her melting into a puddle all over the floor? Perhaps it was different for him? Perhaps he didn't feel what she felt when he did it?

When they got to her room, he surprisingly didn't remark on how impeccably clean it was. This only served to make her more nervous as she bustled about the room, adjusting things that didn't need to be adjusted. All the while, he stood against the door, his hands behind him, leaning against it. His gaze smoldered, dark and broody, following her every movement.

Merlin, she was so nervous. She could practically smell his hunger.

"So . . . I can sit down?" Hermione said as she stood by her dresser and tried to arrange her hair into a plait at the side of her head. "Or we can . . . Stand, I guess. Or the floor? Oh, Merlin, I don't know."

Suddenly, Malfoy was behind her, and she could see him in the vanity before her. His eyes seemed even darker in the mirror - more proof he wasn't a vampire, since he had a reflection. A very dangerous, attractive reflection.

She wrung her trembling hands when Malfoy painstakingly began to unplait her hair, bringing it back to hang loosely about her body. Then, his hands slid down her upper arms, and she saw his eyes lingering on the side of her neck.

"Sort yourself out, Granger," he murmured. "It's just like last night."

"I know. That's the . . . Issue."

"Are you sure you'd like to do this?" His hands skimmed back up her arms, over her shoulders, up into her hair to move it aside. She felt like her skin was starting to melt.

"You need this," Hermione said, remembering her argument with the Patil twins. "You deserve this."

Malfoy paused, and in the mirror, Hermione saw his face take on a curious expression. Then, keeping one hand on her shoulder, his other hand slid up her neck and under her chin, tilting her face up to look directly at his. She gazed at his lips, finding that for the first time, she had the distinct impression that her body wanted to press itself up on tip-toes and kiss him.

"I'm not going to put you through this if you're this petrified," he said. "When I told you that you were reckless, I was telling you to stop being so."

"I'm amenable," she insisted, still looking at his lips.

"You're not amenable." He let her go and stepped away.

"Just . . . Don't leave," she said, feeling more anxious about what would happen if he didn't feed than if he did. She couldn't get Crabbe's words out of her head. He'd talked about the moon. Right now, as she stood, the full moon was bathing the room in cool light. What did Crabbe mean, and how much time did Malfoy have?

Malfoy nodded to her words and then went to sit on the edge of her bed. She stayed by the vanity, chewing at her lip and fidgeting with the hem of her skirt. She felt intimidated, she supposed. It wasn't just some boy sitting on her bed, waiting for her to decide. It was Draco Malfoy, Pureblood, heir to the Malfoy empire, former Death Eater. She hadn't bothered ever looking, but she knew the Mark was there, hidden beneath his sleeve. He was dangerous, she'd been told, and she was nowhere near as strong as him physically or magically.

But wasn't that why she'd been drawn to him, in the end? Wasn't that the reason why he lit her skin on fire where Ron never had? Why else would she, Hermione Granger, be acting so unlike herself?

She padded across the room to where he sat. He watched her, leaning forward on his elbows, his eyes scanning the length of her form. He slowly sat up when she stopped a ways away from him and drew her wand from within her sleeve. The look in his eyes quickly darkened, traveling from where she was holding it to her wrist and then up to her face.

"I have a few conditions," she said. She fixed him with a stern look.

He was unbuttoning his blazer, shrugging out of it with grace only Malfoy possessed. His eyes never left her wrist. "Name them, Granger."

"One, I want you to ask my consent. For everything."

"Done."

"Two, Security. You stop when I tell you to stop. I know my own body."

"Agreed." He ran his hands through his hair, his eyes seeming dark even in the moonlight.

"And three . . . Three . . ." She bit her lip.

"Spit it out."

"Safety. I want to feel . . . Safe."

His eyes narrowed a bit, and then he leaned back on his hands, watching her like a cat and his prey. He smirked.

"Done," he purred. "Come here. Now."




 

 

Invisible


Copycat by Billie Eilish, Six Feet Under by Billie Eilish, Hourglass by ERRA, and Heavier by Slaves

Draco POV

Draco watched his witch take first one step then the next, and he could practically smell her nervousness. His eyes drank in the sight of her dragging the lit tip of her wand up the length of her wrist, a mere two inches, and he felt the groan rumbling in the back of his throat before the scent of the blood caressed his nostrils. Without his Occlumency, he knew she could see into his core, and he knew she knew how badly he wanted it. Wanted her.

He could feel it coming - the frenzy of the feed. Just like the last couple of times, he was powerless to stop it, powerless to keep from being lost in it. It reduced him to a shell of himself. To the pure, base needs of whatever type of creature he was. His magic shivered, becoming increasingly aware of the fact that he was to consume gold in mere moments. Because that's what her blood tasted like, what it was to him. The blood of the Golden Girl, like liquid desire as it spread upon his tongue and filled his body with pure bliss. More than just his magic's need. Draco needed it.

But Draco was a Pureblood, first and foremost, and a wizard of his word, and he would wait. He would ask consent. As she walked toward him the rest of the way, holding her forearm horizontal to keep the blood from escaping the fresh wound, he curled his hands into the blanket behind him as she stopped millimeters away from his knees. She was quite beautiful in the luminescent glow of the moonlight, the way her chocolate curls tumbled around her sleight frame. Draco felt like with the wrong move, the wrong placement of his touch, he could break her. With the wrong choice, she could shatter.

His eyes lingered hungrily as blood escaped the confines of the upturned wound, sliding down the side of her forearm, and splashing lightly on the floor. He gasped, feeling as though a thick, oppressive air was wrapping around his lungs. And all the while, she looked down at him with those sweet as honey eyes, and he couldn't have turned back even if he wanted to.

Draco needed it now. Now. He needed it now. The fog in his head was increasing, turning black and shrouding any sense of decorum or pride. He'd do anything to get to it. Say anything. Be anything she wanted. He'd give her consent, cessation, and safety, if only to get just a taste.

"Please, witch." The words sprang unbidden from his lips, bubbling up from the depths of his ravenous core. He needed it, needed to feel her skin beneath his hands while he tasted her, while he consumed her.

A curious, inquisitive expression crossed the goddess's face, and he saw the same look in her eyes that he'd seen in every class since First Year. She wanted to learn something from this, however little she could glean, likely because she wanted to know what he was as badly as he did. But he didn't understand why she had to do this now? Was she punishing him? His stomach clenched and he felt his skin prickling. His muscles were beginning to ache again from holding himself back and if she didn't stop torturing him, he was afraid he'd simply die.

His magic gnashed its teeth when she slowly dipped her finger into the blood and picked some up on her fingertip. Still with the curious expression, she started to reach forward toward him. His lips parted, eyes never leaving it, and leaned toward it.

"W-Wait," she said, her voice quiet. "I read that vampires have no self controlling capabilities. I'm certain you're not a vampire, but I should like to think we'll know for sure after this."

He growled, his eyes flashing, fingers practically tearing her blankets behind him. His heart began to beat faster, his mouth salivating. He needed it. Right the fuck now. He stared at her finger as it hovered inches from his lips, a sinful temptation that had she not asked for consent, he wouldn't be resisting.

"Wait," she said, her voice getting a bit stronger, and then he held his breath.

Granger took the blood-stained fingertip and ran it along the length of his lower lip. From left to right, and he closed his eyes. He wanted to taste it. It would be so easy, just to get a taste.

"No," Granger said, looking annoyed. "If you can resist, then you're not a vampire, and we can cross it off the list."

Fuck the list. Oh, fuck the blasted list, he thought in anguish, his silver eyes fixing her with a vicious glare. Why was she doing this to him? She was supposed to be light, all things honey, an angel of a witch, good . . . Why was she being so Merlin-damned bad? His knuckles were going numb from the force of his grip on the blanket. His body trembled, his magic growing hotter and hotter with ire.

"All right," she finally said, still holding her wounded arm up. "You can . . . Your lip."

Draco closed his eyes as his tongue darted out to lick the blood off of his lower lip. The taste was exquisite, more exquisite than he'd ever thought blood could be. He didn't care that it was blood from a human witch's body. It was her blood from his witch's body, and he needed more.

"More," he whispered desperately, voice hoarse. "Please, more."

She worried her lower lip between her teeth as she hesitantly held her blood-stained fingertip out. Draco didn't think twice, his head darting forward to catch it between his lips. He sucked it into the cavern of his mouth, wrapping his tongue around it, the explosion of flavor inside of him causing his entire body to shudder.

He heard her make a small sound, and his eyes opened. She was still biting her lip, but her eyes were lidded now, and his magic purred. He studied her face as he let her pull her hand back, desperation starting to claw its way up through his chest. She was scared, he could tell, but the fog was so severe - the hunger - that he just wanted to grab her arm and sink his face into it.

Behind her, the full moon spilled its gentle light into the room. All of the hairs on Draco's body stood up.

Granger took another step forward, her knees brushing against his own, and he felt his stomach clenching. His hands uncurled from the blankets of their own accord, moving to hover over her hips, not touching them. He bit his lip hard enough to hurt, forcing his fingers back to rest on his thighs. She reached up with her right hand and brushed his hair out of his eyes. If he weren't so lost in his hunger, he would have found it laughable to feel her do it, since she was the last person he thought he'd be in this situation with, but right now?

Right now, it lit his skin on fire.

He couldn't take much more of this. The scent was so strong, so enticing. He had to have it. Immediately.

"Granger, now," he growled, his eyes narrowing up at her in a silent challenge. "Please?"

"All right," Granger said, her voice soft. "But remember the rules."

He nodded, growing eager as she finally held her arm out to the side. His eyes lingered and then his left arm came up behind her.

"Can I touch you?" he asked, voice husky, his gaze on the blood.

"Yes," she said, sounding a bit less nervous.

Draco didn't waste anymore time. He placed his left hand on the flat of her lower back, pulling her flush to his chest where she stood. At the same time, his right arm cradled her wrist and he turned his face to the wound. He stopped for a beat, inhaling deeply of the scent so he could relish in it before finally consuming.

His entire body hummed and, with an uninhibited moan, he snaked his tongue out and licked the length of the wound. He collected the pooled blood in his mouth, panting raggedly as his magic exploded within him at every part and inch of his body. His toes curled in his shoes and then he was completely and utterly lost.

Granger's right hand cradled his head as he twisted his upper body and leaned it fully against her, gasping as he began to suckle the raised edges of the wound. He groaned at the feeling of her fingers in his hair, the shake of her legs between his, the sharp intake of her breath.

She was absolutely perfect. Everything about her. Her blood was everything, everything he could ever want. He never wanted anything or anyone else. Just this: her blood, her freesia scent, her curly hair. He only wanted her. Just like in the hallway behind the portrait, he felt a need growing within him that was much more than bloodlust. It was desire, his magic settling into his bones and pleading with him to pull her closer and claim her.

Draco lifted his mouth from the wound and rested his head against her diaphragm, his heart clenching as she stroked his soft hair. As though he needed comfort. And he supposed he did. He didn't know what was happening to him, nor what it would do. He was petrified. He didn't want anything to happen to him, and never had. That was why he felt like he was such a coward, and why he'd done whatever Voldemort asked without question. Because he was terrified that if he didn't, he'd kill him and his entire family. He would kill them, and there was nothing he could do about it.

Draco didn't like having people to care about, because it only ended up getting you hurt. But there, with her blood running down his throat, resting his head against the warmth of her chest, he knew he cared about her. Whether it was to duel Crabbe or slaughter Theo, one of his best friends, he would do it in a heartbeat if it meant keeping her safe.

He didn't know when his feelings towards her had changed, but he did know that he would never again be able to turn them off. He felt like he was falling off of his broom, high above the pitch, hanging on with one finger. She consumed every waking moment of his day, and if it weren't for what she did for his father, he never would have opened his eyes and seen her.

That terrified him much more than Voldemort ever did.

Draco lifted his head fully and pushed her back a bit.

"I'm . . . Okay," he said.

"Oh," she said, looking surprised. "You had enough?"

He nodded, unable to look her in the eyes. He leaned over with his elbows on his thighs, burying his hands in his hair and struggling to calm the lust in his overflowing magic. It felt much stronger than his need for blood - almost like her blood was sustenance, but her body was water. She was the water. He couldn't look at her not because he was ashamed of himself for feeling like this about her, but because he was ashamed of how strongly he felt, and how quickly. He knew it wasn't just the magic. Somehow, deep down, he knew these feelings had begun to form before he ever became unwell.

After she healed herself, she sat down beside him on the edge of the bed, clasping her hands in her lap. The silence between them stretched thickly, and inside, Draco was struggling with himself. His fingers were tingling, itching to reach for her. His lips wanted to press against her, badly, to show her how he had grown to feel. He wanted to claim her and own her and let her know she was his.

But safety was her third request. He wouldn't make her feel unsafe. She would be unsafe with him, and the way everyone had treated her this year was proof of that.

"I can't help but feel," Granger said, "that things have shifted between us."

He remained leaned over, face still covered by his hands in his hair. He wanted to say something smart, something to reflect the type of banter they usually had, but he simply couldn't muster it. All he wanted to do was turn to her and snog the moonlight out of her. He wanted to say that yes, they had changed and no, he didn't mind and yes, he fancied her and no, it wasn't safe around him.

But he just sat there, brooding, glaring at his legs.

"Malfoy," she said, and then he felt her body shift as it turned toward him. His body quivered and he gritted his teeth.

Something was wrong. He could feel it growing within him, warning bells ringing out within his head, telling him he needed to leave. But then another, stronger part of him - his oozing magic - was laughing wickedly and telling him to take her. He was fighting it, but he could feel himself growing weaker by the second.

"Malfoy," she repeated, insistently, and then he felt her hands on his face, lifting it and turning it to look at her.

She had the most luscious hair, the most porcelain skin . . . He wanted to taste it, to pull himself inside of her and feel her coming undone beneath him. He couldn't figure out, for the life of him, why he had ever made fun of her. He wanted her to be his, in every sense of the word, and with her hands on his burning face, he feared that he couldn't hold himself back any longer.

"Malfoy, I just want you to know that I'm grateful," she said, her eyes searching his, her hands still holding his face. "For everything you've done for me this year, and . . . And that's why I want to say . . . That well, that you can always f-feed from me. If you'd like."

Her words . . . They sliced through his defenses and tore them apart, letting loose the hazy fog he'd been desperately trying to hold back. It was more forceful than ever, and he could feel his eyes themselves darkening as he looked down at her. Her hands on his cheeks, they felt like they were radiating heat. He wanted to moan from the sheer bliss of her touch.

"And, Malfoy . . ." She looked down, and then took her hands back. Shyly, she said, "I want to be there with you through it all. What's happening to you. So you don't have to be alone."

He inhaled sharply. The things she was saying . . . They were too much and yet not enough. His heart, the heart he normally reserved for none other than his mother, was going to be exposed, and with the way his magic was starting to react, he knew.

He wasn't going to be able to stop himself. Not tonight. Not with his witch.

"Granger . . ." He said, his voice a low murmur. His eyes held her gaze. The moon was so, so full behind her outside the window.

"Yes?"

"I want to touch you. Will you let me?"

"More blood? I thought you said you were . . . You had enough, you -"

"Not for that. I want to feel you, to make you feel . . ." His final word came out as a breath. "Good."

It was quiet. She tucked her hair behind her ear timidly, and the movement made Draco want to sigh. Anything she did, any movement she made, any fucking breath she took . . . It was his. He wanted to claim it.

"I . . ." She lowered her head. And then, she whispered, "Honestly, I'm scared. You're . . . You're Draco Malfoy. I'm Hermione Granger. It's not . . . It's absurd."

"I don't care," he said, and he scooted closer to her, his hand positioned on the bed behind her. His nose brushed her hair, against its softness and faint scent, and he shivered. He absolutely needed to have her now, in whatever way he could. He didn't care who she was. He didn't care what he was. He just knew that whatever he was wanted whoever she was and that if he waited even a second longer to breathe her in, he would lose himself to a spiral.

"You can't possibly be interested in me," she said, and he could feel her trembling as she tangled her fingers in the hem of her skirt. "I'm . . . I'm just -"

"Perfect," he whispered, his left hand moving her hair off of her neck. He tilted his head and pressed a kiss to her jaw, hot and heavy. He needed her. Why didn't she understand that he didn't care about anything other than her right now?

"But . . . What would everyone think?" she said, her voice was shaking. She looked gorgeous in the moonlight, simply divine, and Draco decided that he would be all right if he only ever saw her beneath the light of it for the rest of their lives.

"I simply do. Not. Care," he murmured, his entire body thrumming with the power of his overzealous magic racing through it. His left hand was across her front, gripping her right hip, his thumb massaging her hipbone in a way that he knew she would feel shooting straight to the center of her being.

Her head slowly fell to the side, against his shoulder, and he could hear her heart rate picking up. His hand slid up, pulling her jumper up with it, and he felt her bare, heated skin while pressing his face against her silken curls. Her skin felt like rose petals beneath his fingers, and it was better than all of the blood in her entire body.

"But I'm Muggle-born," she panted, her hands still wrapped around her skirt hem. He saw her knees pressing together, thighs sliding, and his magic crooned at the way he knew she was feeling. All because of him. He wanted it to increase, to build and build until she was crying out his name and only his. Because he knew that only he had the ability to make her feel that way. His magic promised him that as long as he reached for her, made her feel something other than sadness and loneliness, then she would finally be his.

"Granger," he growled, and he tightened his hold on the flesh directly above her hip. She gasped and arched her back, clearly overcome by his touch. "I want you. I don't care about anything in the past. Not anymore. Now, please . . . Let me show you."

She tilted her face back to look up at his. He searched her face, wondering what she saw in his eyes, and then she nodded.

Consent.

Draco's magic burst forth, overcoming him and filling him with a need that seared through him from head to toe. He pulled on her hip, lifting her, his hand sliding down to her thigh as he pulled her to straddle his lap. His eyes scanned her face as his fingers dug into her thighs gently, pulling her until her knees rested fully on the mattress, putting their hips flush against one another.

And then the monster inside of him, the monster that was his magic, reared up and moved his limbs. His hand wrapped itself around her hair, dragging her head back, her throat exposed to the moonlight. She whimpered and he felt her fingers curling against his shoulders, pressing against his scorching hot skin. He latched his lips to her throat, peppering it with kisses and nibbles, presses of tongue to flesh. When his teeth nipped at her ear, her precious ear, she cried out and fell against him, shivering.

"You were so good tonight," he groaned, his lips grazing her ears. "Want me to show you how good you were?"

She merely whimpered again, but Draco's magic didn't like that. It needed an answer. It needed consent for him to be able to make her his in any way possible. He let go of her hair and dragged his hands back down to her hips.

"Answer me."

"M-Malfoy . . ."

"Answer me, love," he whispered.

"Y-Yes," she said, and she looked like she felt guilty about it.

Why would she feel guilty? Draco's mind shook, trying to break through the haze, but it was a heavy, blanketing prison. He was a slave to the lust, and there was no way out.

His fingertips trailed up along the sides of her chest, relishing in the way she began to breathe more heavily, her head falling back slightly. He could feel her fingers twisting in his button-up.

"Tell me you want me to touch you," he murmured, his eyes traveling all over her face, drinking in her expression. His fingers traveled along the top of her chest, just barely skimming. He wanted to hear her beg for him. His magic wanted her to need him as much as it needed her.

"I want you to." Her head straightened and brows furrowed as she looked down at him. He held her gaze as he trailed his fingertips down the front of her chest, barely brazing the swell of her breast, and he could feel blushing heat coming from her cheeks. She arched her back, pulling at his shoulders.

"You have to say it." Consent. Obedience. Mine.

"T-Touch me, Malfoy," she gasped, and he obliged.

Draco slipped his hands underneath her jumper, his hands cupping her breasts through her brassiere, massaging them as tenderly as he had her hands when they hurt. She sighed and leaned into his touch, rocking her hips against his absentmindedly. He watched her face, watched his eyes close as her head lolled back, and his magic purred in delight. She would be his. She already was his.

"Oh, you're just so good," he whispered into her ear, his fingertips moving across the peaks. "Aren't you?"

She whimpered again, nodding, whispering yes and I am, and it was everything. Draco felt it all right down to the very depths of his core, right to the very heart of him. The heart that always told him he was darkness incarnate, unlovable, unwanted. Now, he felt wanted, needed, and it was everything. His magic wrapped around them, smoothing along her thighs and arms, and he knew she felt it because her hips jerked and she stiffened.

When Granger buried her face in the space between his neck and shoulder, her back hunched and trembling, Draco realized he could smell her embarrassment and fear. He couldn't understand it. Who had told her or treated her like pleasure was something to be ashamed or embarrassed of? Right now, with the moon bathing them both on the edge of her bed, he thoroughly adored the sounds she was making, the movements of her body, the clench of her thighs on either side of his. His magic growled, worried for her at the same time as it was desiring her, wanting to provide her comfort.

"It's okay," Draco assured her between kisses to the side of her neck. "You're being so good. It's okay."

"I'm mortified," she whispered, her face still hidden by her hair and positioning.

Draco just shook his head. He didn't want her to talk. He just wanted her to feel so he could feel. He didn't want her to be sad anymore. Never again. He nuzzled his face into the curve of her throat, kissing it lightly. Then, as she relaxed and started to arch into him again, his kisses grew in heat and intensity. His fingers scraped down her sides, wrapping around her hips, dragging her against him again. He could smell her musk, her desire, and he was heady with the enticement of it.

A thick cloud passed across the moon, dimming the pearlescent light momentarily.

Draco felt a bit of himself breaking through the magic, seeing logic with a suddenness so jarring that he felt queasy. Seeing Granger's flushed cheeks, her lidded eyes, her swollen lips parted in disoriented desire. Hearing her heartbeat and the rush of air past her lips. The feeling of her trying not to rock her hips against his, viewing her angelic face with her brows furrowed in concentration.

What the fuck was wrong with him?

It showed him that she deserved better than this. She deserved better than a heated shag with a former Death Eater. She would never do this with him, not in her right mind. What if the symptoms of his condition were forcing this on her? What if they were affecting her sensibilities, making her believe she wanted this?

He wanted to move her off of him, but his magic wouldn't let him. His magic wanted him to finish what he started, wanted him to take her and use her and claim her. But he wouldn't do it - he wouldn't take from her what she might not be willingly giving. As much as he cared for her, yearned for her, he wouldn't do that to her.

But every time he tried to make his arms push her off, his magic snarled and dug its heels in further. It wanted Granger, and it was going to have her ecstasy in one way or the other. Panic bloomed in his chest.

He sucked in his breath, holding her hips tightly, trying to still her movements. But something had come over her. Something he hadn't expected. Or rather, he'd hoped it would. Wanted it to. But now that he was aware that something was wrong with him, he wasn't so sure he wanted it anymore.

The moment he felt her lips against the side of his overheated, extra sensitive neck, he moaned and was lost again. His fingers twitched against her lower back as he felt her tongue on his skin, making its way up to his ear. His eyes rolled back into his head, his breathing coming in fast pants as the feelings overwhelmed him and words fell like raindrops from his lips.

"Fuck, you're so sweet," he gasped out, grinding his hips up against hers, wishing he were lying flat on his back with her above him. "You're so sweet, so good . . . Oh, fuck . . ."

He heard her letting out a small, almost surprised moan in his ear and his magic swelled to new heights. He could feel it filling the entire room, floor to walls to ceiling, sparkling and expanding and filling him from the inside out. It was too much, and he needed the magic gone, and yet he didn't want it gone at the same time. He just wanted her. He wanted Hermione.

But even though the moon was so full and so big, some part of himself still existed within the confusing, disoriented haze. He promised her safety. Safety. He had to keep her safe, and he had to satisfy his magic, because he didn't know what would happen if he didn't.

But what could he do? How could he get out of this when there didn't seem to be a way out? He racked his brain for a solution.

Perhaps this would have to be enough to quell his magic's seeming insatiable appetite. He would never forgive himself if he tore her clothes off and took something from her that she might regret the next day.

He would have to trick his magic into believing they were together. It was the only way.

He pulled her downward and then forward, his own hips rising to meet hers as they ground against her core. He felt her warmth against him, almost as though they were naked, and almost immediately, he felt his magic responding with a pulse of delight. Her head fell back, the fingers of her right hand digging into the skin at the base of his neck, sending a shiver down the length of his back. Her other hand, which was still tangled in his hair, tugged sharply as her body trembled.

Draco's body was so far on edge that could feel himself getting closer, rising to the top of a mountain, and he hadn't even taken any of their clothes off. A mountain made of his magic, self-hatred, and possessiveness of her. He felt like he was spinning, spiraling. Lost.

He felt it, then. His magic. It spiraled around her and sunk into the depths of her body. Her eyes, which had been falling closed, opened wide with fear and confusion.

"Malfoy?" she asked, sounding alarmed. "Malfoy, what is this? What's happening?"

"I don't . . . Fucking . . . Fuck," was all he could say, his face buried in the curve of her neck, his teeth scraping her skin. It was becoming too much, the magic. The pleasure.

"I don't think . . . Oh!" Her confusion made way for a cry as the power of his magic overwhelmed her and exploded outward.

The entire room was shimmering, looking as though the moonlight itself had come alive. His magic was everywhere, all around them, inside of them, and its force was enough to make Draco want to faint. It felt like an empty power, though. Like his magic knew it wasn't a true joining of their flesh. Like it knew it wasn't a true bonding of their bodies. Like it was angry, but willing to concede because the protection of Granger came above all else.

His witch's moans turned into keening noises as she bit her lip, wrapped her left arm around his neck, and tangled the fingers of the other hand in his hair at the back of his head. She dragged his head back, her hair falling forward as she tilted her face over his. They gazed at each other through lidded eyes, both in an incoherent, fervent state of mind, and once again, Draco felt the strange feeling of his magic wrapping around the both of them, pushing them to the top of the mountain.

"Bloody Hell, you perfect fucking witch," he growled desperately through clenched teeth. "You perfect, sweet, good fucking witch."

"Ah, Malfoy," she exclaimed, biting her lip and moaning. "I'm . . . G-Going to . . ."

Draco gasped, his eyes blazing brightly as they gazed at her. He wanted to kiss her so badly, but not here, not now. Not when he wasn't sure what was real and what wasn't. He groaned, and then his teeth were nipping her ear again.

"You're mine, do you hear me? Only mine." No one else's.

"Yours, Draco," she moaned, very visibly delirious. And as beautiful a sight as it was, Draco felt the tiniest bit of relief that this was all they were doing. That he wasn't ripping her clothes and sinking into her. He'd beaten his magic, for now, and it would have to be enough.

And enough it was, because with that last utterance of his name, he felt himself coming with a ragged moan. He pulled at her hips as he came, gazing up at her with fire and flames in his eyes as he watched her fall apart. His entire body shuddered as he stifled his cries with his teeth against his lower lip, feeling her hips jerking hard atop the outside of his trousers. She cried out, nearly sobbing with pleasure, her body convulsing as she came with him.

Draco felt his heart swelling and he reached with one hand to cup her face with it. They locked eyes. Draco felt himself becoming completely and utterly hers in that moment and he knew, there'd never be another witch who could make him feel this way. Her body shivered, her fingers tugging hard enough on his hair to hurt, and she sagged against him.

Suddenly, as she was gasping to catch her breath, coming down from the mountaintop he'd taken her to, he felt all of his magic slamming back into his body with brutal, agonizing force. The pain was so intense and so excruciating that he accidentally shoved her off of him. She fell onto her back on the bed, looking on in shock as he collapsed onto the floor, gritting his teeth and trying to brace himself for it.

"Granger . . ." he choked out, one hand on the floor with his nails digging into the floorboards and the other clutching his violently churning stomach. "Granger . . . It hurts . . ."

She fell to her knees beside him, hugging herself to him, cradling his head and running her fingers through his hair. He felt tears on his cheeks as the pain wracked his body. It felt like everything was on fire, his magic screaming as it tried to pack his body with moonlight. He could hear her trying to soothe him, obviously terrified, but none of it worked. He feared this was a result of him not claiming her; that his magic was punishing him.

And then he felt a jolt of agony in his hands, stretching from his wrist all the way down to the tips of his fingernails.

He stared in horror as long claws jutted out from beneath his nail beds, pushing his own fingernails up, and causing blood to run down the length of his hands. Granger's hands flew to her mouth.

Outside the window, the full moon looked on.

Inside the room, Draco's eyes rolled up into his head and he passed out.

Draco woke, not for the first time, with bloodied nail beds.

His eyelids fluttered open, blinking away the bleariness of sleep. As he looked up at the ceiling of Granger's room, the soft cushions of her pillows behind him, he became aware of an acute, pressing anger that was burning deep within his magical core. It didn't make any sense and he had no idea what he was angry about, but he was angry all the same.

What happened last night? He thought, turning his head to the side. He saw a massive fluff of brown.

Granger slept soundly beside him, curled up against him, both of them on top of the blankets. He still wore his trousers and button-up from the night before, and his black blazer was lying haphazardly at the end of the bed. He tried to lift his arm, seeing with surprise that it was behind her body, wrapped around her shoulders. Awkwardly, he wandlessly cast a tergeo on himself just to feel cleaner.

Mental images of the night before flooded the blond's mind and he nearly jolted out of bed. He felt his magic rear up, filling him with a rich fury at himself. How could he have been so selfish? How could he have done that to her? He'd pressured her, he'd practically forced her, at a time when he had no idea what was going on with his body. He should never have gone to her room. He'd known it was too much, that the feelings were too intense, but he'd just pressed forward because he'd wanted her. He'd wanted what he wanted.

He was no better than Theo, and for that, he hated himself even more than he already did before the previous night.

He remembered acutely the feeling of seeing Granger walk up to him, giving her his blood. Then the feeling of her body against his, through his trousers, and how badly he'd wanted to push her knickers aside and claim her. How overwhelming the urge had been. How hard he'd fought it back. He felt awful for what they'd done, rutting like horny Fifth Years, but it was all he could manage to do to stop his magic from taking over him completely and making things worse.

Even now, as he gazed down at her sleeping face, he still felt a fierce protectiveness over her. An ownership he didn't quite understand. He knew that whatever was wrong with his magical core was affecting him. Draco wasn't the type to get lost to his emotions that way. He felt his stomach twist when he remembered the things he'd thought, the way his heart had filled to bursting, the words he'd gasped into her ears.

There was no longer any doubts for him surrounding his feelings for Hermione Granger. He fancied her. But there were also no longer any doubts surrounding his feelings about himself.

He was too dangerous.

Granger's eyelids snapped open, almost as though she'd sensed he was looking down at her. She tilted her head up and just stared at him, her cheeks slowly reddening as her memories trickled in. Her hand slid back from where it was lying on his stomach, and she sat up.

"I don't know what that was," Draco said, his eyes studying hers. He wanted to look away, but he found that he couldn't. Even after sleep, with random curls strewn about all over her head, she looked alluring. He wondered how he'd gone so long without seeing her for who she was, or whether or not he'd ever be able to look away again.

"I think . . ." She tucked her hair behind her ear, though it seemed useless since it was so frizzed. "I think I'm sure you're not a vampire. You might be a Veela. But I'd like to do more research, and . . . For now, we can just proceed as normal."

He felt the concealed rage starting to stir, his magic awakening. He narrowed his eyes and sat up, letting one foot fall to the floor. "Normal? Granger, none of that was normal. Drinking human blood is not normal."

"I know that," she shot back. She was still wearing her school uniform from the previous day - a jumper and skirt. "I know that it's not normal. But it's your normal right now, and I told you I would go through it with you."

Before he could stop himself, his self-hatred, his magic's rage, and his indignation at her incessant need to insert herself in everything combined and he snapped.

"I don't need or want your assistance, Granger, and if I wanted a know-it-all swot to follow me around, analyzing me to discover what type of magical creature I am, I'd just hire an Auror."

Granger stared at him, and he wished he could take the words back the second they left his lips. But he couldn't, and he was just so angry. It was different than the things he'd experienced so far, like the oozing magic, unbridled lust, fever, and lethargy. It was a fire, a raging inferno deep inside of him, and he could tell: no one would be spared it. It was intense, from what he could tell. So intense, in fact, that his hands were shaking, he was nearly breathing through his nose, and he was gritting his jaw.

"Do you have another fever?" she said after a moment, leaning forward to place her hand on his forehead.

He batted her hand away quite forcefully, in a way that caused her to cradle it close and her brow to furrow in bemusion. He felt his heart skip a beat. Why was he being this way? He couldn't understand. It was like they'd reverted all the way back to First Year, when he'd experienced an unnatural amount of anger whenever he saw her. Except that isn't what he felt. It was what his magic felt. Right now, looking at her, he just wanted to pull her closer and wrap her hair around his fingers. But his magic told him she was annoying and that every word she had to say was insufferable.

"I don't have a fever," he said, the anger pulsing from his magic as he stood up. He snatched his blazer from the bed and shrugged it on, running his fingers through his hair. "And I no longer have need of you."

Why the fuck did I just say that?

Draco felt like a prisoner to his own magical core as his magic relished in the knowledge that what he'd said, what he'd just implied would hurt. Even if she continued on in her search for knowledge, kept trying with him, the hurtful words would always remain and sting. But Draco didn't want her to think that or believe that. He wanted to grab her face and tell her that watching her come undone was the most beautiful sight he'd ever witnessed, and that he wanted to keep doing those things with her and no other witch. But his magic wouldn't let him. His magic wanted her and him to suffer.

Why? Why would it want her so badly for all these weeks, and then suddenly shift? Was it . . . Was it punishing him for not claiming her the night before?

If he felt like himself, and the magic felt lustful, then was the anger a third entity altogether?

What was he?

"What's gotten into you?" Granger demanded.

Draco stood there, glaring down at her as he fought inside of himself to break through the hazy fog of anger. It was just as strong at the lust he'd felt last night, if not stronger. He didn't want to hurt her, not after all the years he'd spent doing so, but it was like someone else was wearing his skin, lashing Granger with words he didn't mean.

"Just stay away from me, Granger," his magic said through his lips. He turned to go.

He felt her hand against his back and he whirled around so fast that it surprised even himself. His eyes glared down at her, the magic trying to speak, but this time, Draco fought it back. He jammed his palms against his eyes, stumbling backward, and focused on the previous night.

"What happened . . . Last night?"

She regarded him warily. "After . . . ?"

He nodded.

"You fell on the floor and were in a lot of pain," she said. "And then your nails, they were . . . They grew. You passed out with your eyes open, and -"

"With my eyes open?" he asked incredulously, still holding his magic back with immense strength.

"Yes," she continued, scratching her collarbone. Draco could see that they, along with her neck, were marred with small bruises from his lips and teeth. A distinct stirring at the back of his mind was pleased with the knowledge that she was marked as his and no one would know, but his magic pushed it back. He was being punished.

"Then what happened?"

"Your claws stopped growing, but they kept bleeding for a long time, until I was almost asleep. I had to cast scouring charms repeatedly because there was so much," she replied. "And your eyes were . . . They were completely silver. No whites. But that was everything."

Draco opened his mouth to reply, but was overcome by a sudden wave of force from his angered magic. He whirled around and slapped his hand against the wall, his other hand balling into a fist as he fought it.

"Tell me what it is," Granger said, coming around to stand beside him. "What does it feel like?"

He tried to tell her but the second she came over, it distracted him. The distraction was all it took for him to loosen his mental foothold, and then his magic flooded forth and smothered his true self in its sinister embrace. It coated his tongue like poison, poison that it spit down at Granger in the next moment.

"As if it's any business of yours," he spat.

She recoiled as if slapped, her jaw hanging down. In her eyes, Draco could see that she was in disbelief. That she most assuredly believed he was saying these things because of his condition, whatever it was. He could see that no matter what he said, she likely wouldn't back down unless he made it painstakingly clear that he didn't want her.

And that was why, when Draco finally pushed back the anger of his magical core, he realized he had to lose her if he was going to keep her safe from himself.

"Draco, you -"

"Don't call me by my name," the real him snarled, keeping the vitriol in his voice. His angry magic swirled around them, watching curiously. It suspected nothing.

"You're foul," she snarled through gritted teeth, tears filling her eyes. "I thought we -"

"What? You thought we were in love, then? Thought we would shag, wed, and go live in the Manor together? As if I'd ever do more than shag the likes of you."

Draco could feel his heart breaking, for the first and last time, as he watched her face crumble into multiple golden pieces. He hadn't realized how saying things like that to her could hurt so much, as he'd said similar things so many times to her that pulling the words out was as easy as a lumos spell. But even as he said the words, he could feel the wickedness of his magic, almost sentient in the way it was crawling over his back and shoulders, viewing the exchange with morbid glee.

If Draco didn't say these things now, what if his magic made him hurt her later?

"I told you I no longer have need of you. So back off, and stay the fuck away from me."

He left the room the moment he saw the first tear fall, and he hid away his feelings in a deep, deep place. A place where his magic, whatever it was, couldn't get to it. He wouldn't be taken advantage of or controlled like he had been with Voldemort. Not again.

He needed to stay away from her if he was going to keep her safe. Even though it killed him to see that look on her face, he'd known it was necessary. A big wound now to save more small ones later. He needed to push her away because then if he did, perhaps her friends would be able to protect her better, even if he did believe the lot of them were terrible for her.

Draco wasn't good for her, anyway. He was a coward when she needed him most, that night at the Manor. He'd lusted after her for weeks, not realizing he was falling for her, and had almost pressured her into shagging him, and for what? Because his magic was going haywire?

She consented, his thoughts whispered to him, but he still felt his stomach twist. It didn't feel like consent. It felt like his magic had affected her, and it made him feel sick.

Draco didn't know what he was, but he knew one thing for certain: Hermione Granger was off limits.

She had to be.

Draco had forgotten that it was All Hallow's Eve until he walked late into the Great Hall and saw it was decorated like a graveyard. Ghosts floated about, hooting and making spooky noises, and there were hundreds of candles hovering in the air. Sweets tumbled out all over the tables and some of the First Years had painted their faces. Eighth Years were all wearing costumes, oddly enough, save for the Slytherins. Granger still hadn't arrived for breakfast, either, so he had a feeling she was hiding in her dorm.

When he sat down to breakfast, his face in a permanent scowl, Blaise immediately know something was up.

"All right, then?" he asked around a mouthful.

"Fine," Draco muttered.

"Don't sound fine." Another bite. Draco looked at him and a distinct image of him skinning Blaise alive with the paring knife for his fruit flashed across his mind's eyes.

Draco's eyes snapped coldly to his. "I'm bloody fine, Zabini."

"How was your night?" Crabbe's voice floated up from a few spots down. He was grinning. "Anything interesting happen?"

Draco's eyes slid down to where he sat, and he imagined slicing off Crabbe's head, turning it around by the hair, and staring into his dead eyes. "Nothing that concerns you."

"Shagged your slag, then?" Goyle asked, smiling as though they were two co-workers speaking in the lifts at the Ministry.

Draco closed his eyes for a moment and imagined the sound of Goyle's screams as he melted slowly in molten lava, from the ankles up. "She's not a slag, and no."

"But she's yours," Daphne sniffed, angrily chomping on an apple. "Because you're together. Aren't you?"

Draco wished he could say they were something, after the way he'd felt the previous night, but he couldn't. Not after what he'd said to her today. Not knowing that he was changing into something evil, something that wanted her to be hurt. He felt so guilty, more ashamed than he'd ever felt before for anything he'd done, and it made him feel sick to his stomach.

In any case, Draco's magic and anger felt like Daphne would look much better with her throat cut, with blood soaking the front of her robes.

Pansy, who was sitting nearly on Crabbe's lap, tsked. "It doesn't matter whether he's shagging her or not, Daphne. If Voldemort had won, he would have been shagging her for torment. Did you know he was going to sell all Muggle-born witches and wizards to Pureblood families? Ghastly. As if I'd want one in my home."

Draco closed his eyes. He didn't like to think about Voldemort's plans, his nightmares, or the things that the serpent had discussed at the table in Draco's own home.

But his magic did. It immediately pressed onto him a series of horrifying images of him raping Granger, her hands twisted behind her back at broken angles, tears streaking her face. Her hair matted with dirt, honey-brown eyes staring out from a face rich with grime. He didn't want to think about Granger that way, especially not when he knew what they'd done the night before. Not when he cares for her so much.

He turned his face away from everyone around him, staring hard at the tabletop and trying to ease his storm. He was angry, he knew that for certain, but it was unlike any sort of anger he'd ever felt before. It felt like if he weren't careful, he might snap.

It was getting worse by the moment.

"Are you sure you're all right?" Blaise was eyeing him, looking concerned. He knew more than anyone else what Draco truly felt for Granger - he could tell something was up, Draco was sure of it. But like with Granger, Draco didn't want Blaise involved, either.

He didn't want anyone to be hurt by him. He had never wanted anyone to be hurt by him. It was the reason why he'd lowered his wand on the Astronomy Tower all those months ago.

"Peachy." And then Draco, who had no appetite for human food and hadn't since the day before, got up to leave.

Just as he was passing him, Crabbe turned and his hand shot out. He grabbed Draco's wrist in a vice-like grip, glaring up at him with eyes as hard as stone.

"Full moon lasts 3 days, Malfoy. We'll see how you do tonight, hm?" His voice was low, registering in his chest as a growl. It had a distinct note to it, a note that Draco detected as being a threat. It was unique to his scent, and Draco narrowed his eyes.

Crabbe. Crabbe and all his cryptic words, egging Draco on every mealtime. What did he know? What was he hiding? What did he mean by the full moon? What did that have to do with anything? He thought briefly of the shimmering, living moonlight in Granger's room the previous night, mingling with his magic. What did it all mean?

Freesia.

Draco's head snapped to the door. Granger was walking in, Luna Lovegood at her side, and she looked completely lost in thought. She looked up as she headed for a spot by the Weasel, her gaze lingering on his for a moment.

Hurt. He'd hurt her. Before, before they were whatever they were, his words had annoyed, caused insecurity, or just been a nuisance. But his words today? They'd crushed her.

He averted his eyes, clenching his fists at his sides. He felt the same way he had in the Hogwarts courtyard right after the final battle. Like a coward and a person who deserved nothing good in life. And Granger, Granger was and always had been of the light. Even with her dark side, she still belonged in the light. She was good.

Draco would ruin her.

Blaise was suddenly there, clapping a hand on his shoulder. He caught Draco's gaze; Draco knew he looked exactly the same way he had when his parents had called for him, when they thought Potter was dead. Chin trembling with shame, eyes glassy, lips tugged down into a frowning expression. And when he turned that face on Blaise, he knew his best friend knew he'd mucked everything up.

"I'll talk to her," he murmured.

Draco's magic didn't like that. It rather preferred the idea of severing Blaise's arms and feeding them to him on a platter.

Draco took a step closer to him, glowering at him. "Stay out of it."

He stormed out of the Great Hall, trying his hardest to ignore the way Granger huddled away from him as he went.

Draco hoped whatever was inside him, whatever creature he was becoming, killed him.

\\\

The first two classes were as awful to slog through as he expected. He was so angry that he snapped three quills in half before he finally had to give up on his desire to take notes. He almost told his Ancient Runes professor to sod off. He punched the wall outside of the Great Hall until his knuckles bled, earning himself multiple terrified looks.

Worst of all? He was bloody hungry. Again.

Potions was the worst of it. By then, he was entirely angry. There was no room left within him for anything other than fury. He was mad at himself, and his magic was mad at everyone and everything else. But somewhere, deep down behind both, he could feel the lustful part of himself stirring into its own type of anger. And by the time Advanced Potions was over, that third part of him wanted him to throw himself into the Black Lake to drown.

It started with one small mistake. It was Blaise. He'd seen that Slughorn was about to partner Draco and Granger together again and, due to Draco's attitude that morning, Blaise likely assumed it would be the best course of action. Draco had agreed.

At first.

He'd been partnered with some Seventh Year girl that he forgot the name of, and she was horrid at potion-making. She found him handsome enough, so it was simple to get her to stand by and watch him dreamily while he prepared the ingredients with practiced speed. The entire time, the more familiar part of his magic - the lustful part - lifted its head and growled at the sight of Blaise and Granger deep in conversation.

What were they talking about? Why did they need to talk in the first place? Draco knew his rage had caused him to upset Granger that morning, so why was she smiling and laughing with Blaise? He supposed she should have been more beside herself, perhaps crying all day.

She must not care about you, then, came his angry magic's whisper, right in his ear. Why would anyone care about you?

And then, the worst happened.

Blaise held his arms open and Granger stepped into them, accepting his embrace. She wrapped her arms around his waist while he patted her back and said something to her, and Draco's magic went haywire. It exploded outward so fast that every glass vial in the room shattered at once, causing almost all of the witches and the Weasel in the room to scream.

Blaise and Granger jumped back from one another in surprise, glancing around in confusion. Then, Granger looked right at him.

So it was that the little mistake of Blaise embracing Granger caused Draco to nearly slice students' eyes out, claw Slughorn's tongue out of his mouth, and storm out of the room at the end of class, hot on Granger's heels.

After casting a silent muffliato, he slammed her up against the wall of an empty half-corridor, his eyes blazing with fury as he looked down at the much smaller witch with a possessiveness that even he didn't understand. She was glaring right back at him with a determination that directly challenged his magic, her chin held high and lips pressed together in a line. Their chests heaved, lifting and falling as they struggled for breath.

She glared at him. "I know it's not really you. It's it - the thing that's inside of you."

His magic shot forward and wrapped its way around her throat, anger and lust twisting into a dangerous combination, squeezing her trachea until her lips parted. Still, her determination did not falter, and not an ounce of fear showed in her eyes.

It was her pulse that betrayed her, and Draco could smell it. The blood, pumping its way through her veins

His right hand wove its way into her hair, dragging her head forcefully to the side, his body pushing flush to hers.

Consent. Consent. Consent. The word rang out in his head, and Draco, even though his true self felt like it was trapped in a cage, had the strength enough to maintain that one request of hers.

"I want it," he snarled against the shell of her ear. "Now."

"No."

"Granger," he hissed, dragging her head back and lowering his face to hers. His lips brushed near her mouth, and he could taste her rapid breath, could feel their noses bumping. A typhoon raged on within his body. "Give me what I want now."

She struggled in his hold, choking slightly, but remained firm. "No."

"Cut your fucking throat before I rip it out!' he roared, baring his teeth like the animal he felt he was. Inside, he was screaming. Outside, his magic pressed harder on her throat.

Granger held strong, her Gryffindor courage shining strongly enough in her eyes to force Draco's magic to loosen its hold. But instead of another stern response, she surprised him by lifting her hands and cupping his face between her palms.

"No," she said softly, shaking her head. Her eyes were round and sincere. "Malfoy . . . This isn't you. You have to fight it."

Draco felt his rage swelling, his magic screaming at him to hurt her, or force her, or rip her throat out, but he would never. Could never. Not her. Not her. Not her.

He fought and fought, the emotions swirling around and around. They were all over the place that day, morphing from jealousy to lust to anger to self-deprecation, all within the span of moments. It was overwhelming, and he didn't know how much more he could handle.

He stumbled backward a few steps, tangling his hands in his hair as he battled his own magical core, battled what was going on inside of him.

"Fuck!" he shouted, and then his magic exploded outward.

Granger cried out in shock as she was hit full force, crashing into the wall so hard that her head smashed into the stone with an audible crack. She staggered, holding a hand to her head. A trickle of blood slipped down from beneath her fingers, down the side of her face.

He crossed the space faster than he thought humanly possible, grabbed her by the hair and wrenched her face upward. He ran his tongue along the rivulet of crimson red, ignoring her cry of pain when he pushed her up against the wall again. The bloodlust was rapidly taking over him, ripping through his body as he scraped his teeth along the side of her throat.

She growled in her own way as she struggled against him. "Malfoy! You have to fight this!"

Inside of his mind was a warzone. He was trying as hard as he could, barely managing to stay afloat before he drowned in his anger and lust. He managed to drag himself backward, barely holding the magic back, watching as she stood there with trembling knees.

"I don't want to have to hex you . . ."

"Then run," Draco managed to choke out, his back leaned against the far wall, chest heaving. "Please. I don't know what's happening to me. Just run."

"I don't want to have to hex you," she repeated, taking a deep, shaking breath, "so this is necessary."

Draco shook his head, quivering as his two opposing magics whirled together, trying to shoot to the forefront of his mind and control him. He knew what she was about to do, and he didn't want her to do it. But he could feel it getting worse - every hour, it was swelling and rising. The fog, the anger, the haze, the lust, the jealousy . . . All of it. He knew what she was about to do, and he wished she wouldn't sacrifice anything for him. He wished he was strong enough to protect her like he promised.

Especially, it seemed, from himself.

"Granger, no," he snarled, crouching down with his hands in his hair. "Don't. Please. Please just don't."

"I have to. Something's wrong with you, you'll . . . You'll hurt someone." She closed her eyes, her entire body trembling with fear that he could smell in the air.

"I'll hurt you!" he cried, lifting his head from his hands.

"Diffindo." Granger slid the tip of her wand down the length of her wrist, slicing through the scar he wished she'd never gotten. Her blood began to pour, trickling down the ends of his fingertips, and she gasped from the sudden pain of it. She was shaking so badly that he could see it. He didn't think he'd be able to stop.

She really was a bloody Gryffindor.

"You fucking . . . Gah!" The rage and desire mingled together and attacked him at once. He felt his muscles aching, quivering, and he fell to his knees, burying his head in his hands. He could smell the blood getting closer, the frenzy overcoming him, until there was no part of himself left save the part that at least wanted to keep her alive.

"Malfoy . . ." She walked toward him, holding her arm out to him. "Malfoy, it's okay."

"It's not fucking okay!" He screamed, falling with his back against the wall, his knees drawn up to his chest and his hands scraping the dirt on the stone floor. His eyes were glued to her wrist. He was in a panic, but as he looked upon her, he realized she knew exactly what she was doing.

Blood. It was the only way to control it. Him. Whatever he was.

"Drink," she instructed, standing beside him.

His breathing pace increased until he was near-hyperventilation. "I can't. Please, please, please . . . I'll hurt you . . . I'll hurt you . . ."

"Drink."

He whined, a high-pitched keening noise, and then lost it. His hands snapped up to her wrist and the top of her forearm, dragging her forward so forcefully that she fell to her knees beside him. He groaned and snarled as he fed from her, his magic screaming and wrapping around both of their bodies the way it had the previous night. His teeth gnawed at her, causing her to whimper in pain, but the monster within him didn't care. It merely wanted what it wanted, and that was her blood.

Finally, when he felt her start to sag against him, he ripped his mouth away from her skin, drops of her blood sliding down his chin.

"You have to lock me in my dorm," he said, feeling his magic already starting to rise again. "You have to. I don't know what's happening. But you have to lock me up."

She nodded, tapping her wand in exhaustion against her wound. The cut healed, and Draco felt a bit of dismay as he saw her scar return.

"It's cursed," she whispered, slowly pulling her sleeve back down. "Nothing will heal it."

Draco closed his eyes, feeling his magic starting to twitch again. He had to stay calm as long as it took for him to get to his dorm. Just as long as it took to get there.

He stood up, leaning down to grab her by the elbows. Alarm bloomed in his chest when her head fell back, her eyelids fluttering.

"Granger?" he said, eyes wide. "Granger?"

Her eyes snapped open and she shook her head out. "I just need . . . A blood replenishment potion."

Draco felt the guilt and shame filling his lungs as he let go of her elbows. "I don't suppose Madam Pomfrey possesses some?"

"I've got some," she said. "From when we were gone Seventh Year. Come."

Draco followed closely behind her, his eyes cast down on the ground like they had been the entire Sixth Year. He didn't even deserve to walk behind her. He could still taste her blood in his mouth, could still smell her fear as though they were still battling each other in the hallway.

As they passed a window, Draco caught sight of the full moon and felt a shuddering pain ripple through his body. He stumbled, sagging against the wall while he groaned and waited for it to pass.

"Malfoy?" She started back over to him, but he held up a hand.

"No. Fine," he panted. "I'm . . . Fine."

Something was going to happen. Tonight.

When they got to his dorm, after passing through thankfully empty halls due to class still being in session, Draco turned to face her in his doorway. She looked boneless, swaying slightly on her feet in the boys' hall. He was so ashamed for everything that had happened. He'd hurt her physically, mentally, and emotionally. He was lower than the lowest prisoner in Azkaban.

"You . . . Shouldn't have spoken for my father," Draco said, voice low and remorseful. "It was a mistake."

Granger stared at him for a long time, her wand still held tightly in her hand. "What's happening to you . . . It's not your fault. I said I'd be there through it. I should like to think that a witch who doesn't keep her word is not a witch at all."

Draco forced back his slowly-awakening magic, reaching to take her chin in his hand. He searched her face, his brooding expression darkening. She was reckless, and that's why she was standing in front of his door. She was reckless, and that was why she was always getting hurt. She was reckless, and that's why she spoke for Lucius.

She was reckless when it came to him, and that was why he had to protect her.

"We can't do this, Granger," he said, gritting his teeth against another shock of pain that rippled down his spine. "What's happened between us. The alcove, the Library, the owlery, your room, mine . . . We can't do any of it."

She peered up at him, confused, her mind working behind her eyes. "Do . . . What?"

His heart wrenched. This was why he didn't like to open up, to get close to people. "This. What we . . . Feel. We can't do it."

Her brow furrowed and she looked down. Then, she took a step closer to him. "You feel something?"

Another pain. He didn't have much time. He could tell.

His own brow furrowed as he gazed down at her, biting his lower lip. He wanted her. So badly. He wanted her to be in his arms, to pull her back into his room, to claim her the way he should have last night. He wanted to press his lips to hers and see if he could spell out the way he felt with his tongue.

But he knew that the second he did, the second he poured himself into another person, he would poison them. He would poison Granger, and she didn't deserve to have that venom spinning through her veins.

His hands moved to cup her face, hooking his fingers around her jaw beneath her ears. He pulled her up onto her tip-toes, struggling. Always struggling. His eyes flitted from her eyes to her lips. Struggling.

"Draco," she whispered, stepping closer. Her fingers wrapped around his hands, squeezing tightly. "Don't do this. Don't push me away."

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He could feel her breath against his mouth. Another pain ripped through his body, from his ankles to his toes. He had to protect her from himself. He couldn't speak to her after this.

"I have to . . . I have to go, I . . ." He shook his head. "We can't do this. After tonight, we can't speak. We can't interact. We can't do this."

"But -"

"Lock me in," he said, and then he pressed a tender kiss to her forehead, right beside the wound his own actions had caused.

He could feel her stolen breath in his lungs when he stepped back into his room and closed the door. He watched the outer rim of it glow, signifying that Granger had locked him in, and then he exhaled the breath he'd taken. Behind him, the early evening moonlight filtered in amongst a still-blue sky. His magic began to roil and rise.

He cast muffliato on instinct and stared at the door. He had to keep to his word, no matter how badly it felt. No matter how badly he wanted her. No matter how badly he wanted to make her his. No matter how hungry he got, he needed to fight it. He wasn't good for her, and he never would be. Whatever he became, she couldn't be involved.

Just like the things Voldemort made him do, just like every pain he'd ever suffered in his life, Draco was going to have to endure this alone.

It began.

The bones in Draco's hands began to twist and crack and, just like the night before, claws began to curl out from beneath his nail beds. The fingernails pushed up, straining against the sensitive flesh, the subsequent tearing causing blood to well up and drip to the wooden floor. The pain was just as awful as it had been, but he steeled himself. He could feel it - it was going to get worse.

You can do this, he thought, struggling to catch his breath. Endure. You're a Malfoy. Endure.

Another bone cracked. This time, in his spine. The pain was so acute, so jarring, that it brought tears to his eyes. It cracked again, followed by the one above it. Then another. And another. And so on, all the way up to the base of his neck. They wrenched themselves apart, shifting and twisting, and he sank to his knees.

Draco slammed his fists against the ground and arched his back in agony, mouth open in a silent scream. It was horrid. It was more horrid than the pain he'd experienced undergoing the Mark. He could feel his skin tearing, ripping apart in shreds as his spine widened and lengthened. He could feel it beginning in his left arm, even as blood began to pour from his back.

The bones in his left upper and forearm started their change, breaking into multiple pieces, increasing in size and length. He watched in horror and anguish as his skin tore like a sheet, peeling away from a blood-slicked surface. Flesh slapped against the ground as it fell from his body, meaty chunks of what once was sliding along the floor as he crawled towards his bathroom in delirium. He never made it, the pain of the skin on his hands splitting causing him to fall onto his right side.

His eyes widened as he saw the muscular, thick arm covered in pearly-white fur that revealed itself beneath the flesh, the furry chest of corded muscles, the pawlike hands with razor-sharp claws jutting out of the ends of each finger.

The pain . . . It was white-hot. Worse than anything Draco could have imagined. His entire body was trembling, his eyes rolling in his head, and he was collapsing to the ground before his ankles began to break and twist and shift, too. The agony was so acute, so exquisite, that he didn't even notice that he couldn't feel his magic anymore. Didn't even notice that for the first time in weeks, his core was quiet.

Tears leaked from his eyes, his ears barely registering the sound of him sobbing in anguish for his mother, as the side of his skull shattered and began to reform. He had no idea what it became; he only felt pain. He felt his teeth lengthening, his jaw jutting.

He moaned aloud as his feet snapped in two and began to reform their arches. Skin trailed from the door to the outside of the loo, puddles of thick blood cradling it like morbid reminders of his transformation.

He took a rattling breath and then began to weep unashamedly. He couldn't do this. He'd made a mistake. He needed her. He needed Granger's help. He needed Hermione here.

And then it stopped. His bones stopped cracking, stopped breaking. The places where his skin had shorn and was no longer tearing throbbed and stung, bathing his body in a near-constant agony as half of his body remained human. When he let out another sob, partially of agony, partially of confusion, it came out as a high-pitched whine.

The whine of a wolf.

Why didn't I turn all the way? What is this?

As Draco laid there, shivering in a pool of his own blood, he realized with horrifying clarity that it was not, in fact, a magical malady.

It wasn't a magical malady at all.

What am I?



 

Invisible


Runaways by Lowell, Here by Alessia Cara, Strawberry Days by YounHa, and Lovely by Billie Eilish

Hermione POV

Hermione didn't realize she felt something for Malfoy until it was too late.

Up until the moment he'd told her they couldn't speak again, she'd just been going through the motions according to what felt right. As far as she was concerned, Malfoy was someone to her, and he'd needed her help. She'd wanted to provide that for him, especially knowing that going through a change like the one he was experiencing had to be incredibly terrifying. And from what she remembered in their younger years, Malfoy didn't handle fear well.

At least, back then he hadn't.

She'd still been coming to terms with the boundaries of their arrangements before Malfoy decided he felt anything. She kept telling herself that it wasn't an issue, that offering her blood to him in abundance was just something necessary, but now she wasn't so sure. She wasn't a fool. She knew that it was dangerous. Because Malfoy was a creature, even though they did not know which breed of magical creature he was. He had been dangerous before becoming affected and he would now be exponentially more dangerous as the days wore on.

So when Malfoy held her face between his hands, searching her eyes for something she couldn't discern, she'd been so surprised to think that he might kiss her that she hadn't realized the gravity of his touch. She'd become so swept up in the seriousness of his condition that she hadn't noticed she was becoming swept up in him, and when he'd forced her to confront it, it was only when he was taking it away.

That night, standing there with the remnants of their battle bruising her skin as she locked him into his room with a series of spells, she wasn't sure if she wanted it back.

Hermione's heart beat faster whenever she thought of the heated moments they'd shared in her dorm, of the way his magic had shimmered all throughout the room and pushed them together into a vast coulee of desire. She'd never felt anything like it: the pure, raw passion. It was almost rapturous, the way she'd watched him falling apart beneath her as though they'd not hated each other for years before this one. It was strange, because they hadn't removed any of their clothes, and it was scary. What type of creature could produce such abundant lust and influence with just its magic? What Hermione felt that night and what she felt in her body during the feedings - it could not be ignored. She was sure that Malfoy felt it, too.

The following day after he ended their something, Hermione woke up later than she anticipated. She rushed through her morning routines, her mind racing as she tried to think of what possibly could have happened to Malfoy after she locked his dorm door. Had he just been ravenously hungry, and it affected his anger? Had something else even worse occurred? She'd lain awake the entire night, her stomach turning and body trembling as she tried to imagine it.

She walked into the Great Hall, her eyes preemptively seeking his blond hair out. She hardly noticed that things had seemed to calm for her ever since the incident with Theo. She was aware that students likely continued to distrust her, but they didn't seem to find it entertaining to harangue her before and after classes anymore. The Ravenclaw she'd dueled in the halls in September, Azalea Chirithy, had even stopped sending her nasty looks across the Great Hall at meals. That was surprising, given she usually spent her mealtimes glaring at wherever Hermione sat.

She looked down at the end of the table at the Slytherins. Dismay, followed by concern, filled her heart as she saw that Malfoy wasn't there. She hoped nothing horrid had occurred, and she debated going back to the dorms to knock on his door. Even though he'd said they couldn't speak, she didn't want to stand by and do nothing while he was possibly hurt. But she knew how volatile Malfoy's temper could be.

In the corridor, Hermione knew that if she hadn't subdued him with her blood, he might have hurt her worse. What if she went to check on him and he attacked her again? She had her wand, but she felt so awful hurting him in this state that she'd rather cut her throat and offer it to him. This was the way she'd always been in regards to magical creatures and now that she was certain Malfoy had become one, he fit beneath that category.

Of course, it was still strange that she, Hermione, was sitting in the Great Hall thinking with concern about someone that she would have gladly seen hexed to Timbuktu just last year. When she stopped to think about it deeply, it made her stomach flip with a bit of nervousness. She remembered being a Second Year, always looking with fear over her shoulder that he might come strolling around the corner of the corridors just to insult her. She recalled Fourth Year when Ron and her tiffed, and how she'd seen Malfoy skulking off with Pansy afterward. She'd hid behind a portrait while she was crying to avoid him just in case they both decided she was a target that evening. And now, at the age of eighteen years, she was chewing the skin off of her lower lip, hoping he'd walk in, her mind fresh with the memories of how close they'd come to kissing and . . .

She ducked into her food to hide the blush that spread across her cheeks. They'd done something that she dare said no one at the table would actually believe. Yes, they'd all operated under the assumption that year that Hermione was shagging Malfoy, but Hermione had a feeling that deep down, none of them actually believed it. She hadn't been able to imagine it before that night.

When Hermione thought back to that night, aside from the uninhibited way he made her feel, she couldn't help but note the strange things that had happened that could be attributed to his condition. Their extreme inability to resist the desire to touch one another, namely his. The moon, full and round, bathing the entire room in luminescence. The way his magic had come alive, filling the room with a glittering shimmer, caressing her body and making her feel as though she would fall apart if she simply didn't take him into herself. She recalled feeling very confused that he wasn't shucking their clothes and shagging her into the sheets, but not confused enough to stop what was happening. She'd been nervous, of course, but she did find it odd that she had done it. Without really fighting it. As though she wanted it. With him, with Malfoy.

She stirred her eggs on her plate, gazing into space. She didn't know which scared her more: being comfortable enough with Malfoy to give herself to him that way, or the fact that Malfoy wanted her that badly after everything he'd used to believe.

Oddly enough, Crabbe wasn't there at breakfast either, and that worried Hermione. What if something had happened? What if Crabbe and Malfoy had argued? She sat there, worrying her lower lip between her teeth and sending surreptitious glances down the length of the table at breakfast. She could only see Goyle, Pansy, Daphne, and Blaise. Her eyes zeroed in on Blaise for a moment. If anything, he would be able to check on Malfoy; he was his best friend and the only Slytherin who seemed to actually be fond of her.

"You're quite thoughtful this morning, Hermione Granger," Luna cooed from her left. She gave Hermione her trademark dreamy smile. "I wonder if you've been eating wrackspurts lately?"

"They can be eaten?" Hermione asked of Luna's well-mentioned imagined creatures, tearing her eyes away from Blaise.

"Oh, yes," Luna said, sounding awed. "Especially when your mind is very preoccupied with fuzz. If they can't get in through your ears, they go in through your mouth by mistake. Then, they find out the only way out is down."

Hermione bit her lower lip, debating confiding in Luna. She was her closest friend at this point, and she had never once judged Hermione about her burgeoning something with Malfoy. But for all her love of books, Hermione had never been an open one, herself. Because of how uncomfortable other people seemed to feel when she did anything other than spout facts or help them with something they couldn't do, she wasn't comfortable sharing. She supposed the most open she'd ever been was with Luna, but could she be open about this?

Ron sat down and started grabbing food. "Did you guys hear?"

"What?" Hermione asked.

"In the Prophet. Apparently the magical creatures are upset. They've gotten together, some of them, to complain to the Ministry about it."

"What's happened to them, do they know?" Hermione asked, frowning. "Which creatures?"

"No," Ron replied, taking a drink of his orange juice. "And it's all sorts - pixies, vampires, unicorns . . . The Seelie Court fey have gotten together a manifesto. They're bringing it to the Wizengamot, trying to get them to assign some Aurors to the case. They seem to be being ignored."

"That's ghastly," Hermione said, her frown deepening. She despised the way the Ministry treated Beasts, Beings, and the fey. They were treated as less than, subhumans. In Hermione's opinion, it was no better than Voldemort's ideas about Muggle-borns and Muggles.

She sat there for a while, mulling it over, and then her thoughts inevitably returned to Malfoy.

"Is something the matter, Hermione?" Luna asked, her brow furrowing in a most un-Luna way. "You seem troubled."

"I . . . Well, you see . . ." Hermione searched her eyes, her heart pounding. "Malfoy and I, we . . ."

Luna's face remained calm, supportive. She placed her hand over the top of Hermione's. "I think things have changed between you, haven't they?"

Hermione stared at her for a long time, looking and feeling guilty, before she slowly nodded, her eyes watering a bit. She felt emotional because things had changed, and it was frightening how rapidly they had. How strong her feelings were. She hardly knew anything about him beyond his personality traits. She didn't know if he liked books, what his favorite flavor of Bertie Bott's were (if he even liked them at all), or what his favorite food to eat was. But she did know what he looked like when he slept, and she knew what he smelled like when he was near, and she knew how safe she was to be herself around him. Merlin, she knew how beautiful he was when he fell apart. That had to mean something.

Luna leaned closer, lowering her voice. "There's no shame in following your heart, Hermione. Sometimes, magic comes from places other than our wands."

"But Luna . . . Magic always comes from within us. Not our wands."

"I know," she said, patting Hermione's hand. She went back to eating.

Across from them, Ron paused with spoon in hand, his mouth twisting as he gazed at Hermione. When Hermione looked back at him, she knew he'd heard their conversation, but somehow, she knew he wasn't going to lose his temper. Things had changed in his temperament ever since he began seeing Luna, Hermione could tell. So as she sat there, worry clouding her mind for Malfoy's well-being, she knew Ron wouldn't fault her or blame her for it.

Hermione didn't need to have a big discussion with Ron to know he'd forgiven her, and that their friendship was on the mend. She just knew. She looked at him then, and she just knew.

"It'll be all right, Hermione," he said finally, a sincere look in his eyes. "Whatever's going on with you and with . . . With the ferret . . . It's going to be all right."

Malfoy wasn't in any meal or class for the rest of the day. By the time she got back to the common room at the end of the night, she was beside herself with anxiety. She paused at the foot of the girls' dorm stairs multiple times, debating whether or not to go to his room, but each time, she lost her nerve. She'd been snapped at by him loads of times, but after the things they'd experienced together, she didn't want to feel the pain of him glaring down at her again. What if he was just skiving off classes for a day to recuperate, and he grew angry with her for talking to him after he ended their something?

It was difficult going to bed that night knowing that he felt something for her to be able to muster up an emotion such as anger.

Malfoy returned to classes the following day, and he looked awful.

Hermione saw him for the first time in the common room as she was bustling through it on her way to breakfast. She'd forgotten her Transfiguration textbook and was just turning to go back up the stairs when she saw him. He was on his way down the stairs, wearing his regular 3-piece black suit, still in the process of tying his tie. Hermione froze, her throat going dry and heart stuttering in her chest.

He looked up as he reached the floor, his gaze shifting from surprise to closed off within the span of a few seconds. He finished tucking his tie in and buttoning his suit, his gaze studying her face. She almost felt . . . Challenged. Like he was daring her to speak to him against his wishes. He looked tired, much like he had before the first time he'd fed from her, and she was tempted to diffindo her arm just to see if he rushed over.

But Hermione wasn't some lovesick girl in her Third Year. She inhaled all of her worries, holding the fact that she missed him terribly inside of her chest, and kept going up the stairs. When she got to the landing, she looked behind her.

He was standing there, back to her, hand on the banister drumming a tune known only to him. From the line of his shoulders, she could physically see his exhaustion. She wondered even more what had happened to him the night he'd sent her away, and then, a thought occurred to her.

If he didn't want them to interact ever again, from where would he procure blood?

He left, heading to breakfast as normal.

She watched him throughout the day as best she could without seeming smarmy. Hermione stole looks down the table in the Great Hall at lunch, catching sight of him with his chin propped in his hand. She snuck glances behind her in Advanced Potions, seeing his eyes focused resolutely on the top of the table next to a worried-looking Blaise. While sitting on a couch in the common room with Ron and Luna, she watched him walk up the stairs for bed directly after the dinner mealtime, trudging up step by step as though his feet weighed as much as ten bludgers.

Hermione knew it was only a matter of time before something awful happened. If he was this exhausted after going two days without blood, what would he look like in the days to come? And how exponential was the risk he was taking by depriving himself? Hermione feared he was operating under the pressure of fear, and so she resolved to head to the Library and see what else she could find in regards to his condition.

That Friday night after a few days full of watching a pale-faced Malfoy wade through a fog in avoidance of her, she made a beeline for the supernatural creatures section.

She saw Pansy in the stack, right where Hermione needed to be, putting back a large stack of werewolf books with a flick of her wand. The two witches exchanged sneers.

It was no secret that Pansy hated Hermione the way Malfoy did, or used to, or however he felt now, and she was probably happy to see that Malfoy was no longer giving Hermione the time of day. Pansy didn't say anything to her, however, and Hermione glared after her back as she left.

Turning her attention back to the section, Hermione grabbed as many books on Veelas as she could and carried them back to a study alcove. Once there, she pored over the pages for hours, way past the younger students' curfews. She was there so late that Madam Pince only allowed her to stay because she had no curfew in her grade. She wrote down as much as she could, learning and absorbing.

There were two options, the first one being the most feasible and also the most nerve-wracking. Veelas did consume blood daily for survival, but they had sharp fangs and a set of silvery wings. Malfoy obviously consumed blood, but the wings and fangs were not yet present. But if he was a born Veela with genetic traits dating back somewhere along the Malfoy family line, then Malfoy's life had a time limit. A Veela could go any amount of years without presenting, and the moment the traits started presenting, the clock started. They had a limited amount of time - anywhere from as little as a few months to a few years - to find a mate to perform a magical bond with. The mate couldn't be anyone. It absolutely had to be someone the Veela had strong feelings for, or the bond would reject and both partners would die.

What was more, once the Veela did find a mate, if that mate perished, then the Veela would wither. That meant that the Veela's major trait, protectiveness, would backfire and kill it from within to punish itself for failing their mate. Of course, Hermione knew it was silly to think that she was a person that Draco Malfoy could have strong feelings for, but when she thought back to the night in her dorm room, she didn't think it sounded that absurd anymore. She was certain the bonding magic had been what she experienced with him, but there was still something odd about it.

The books had stated that once a Veela started the bonding process, they were delirious, frenzied, and powerless to stop it. It had to be completed. But Malfoy hadn't been intimate with her. He hadn't even removed their clothing. Had he possessed some of his mental faculties, enough to subvert the bond and perhaps trick it?

That wasn't possible, according to the books. According to the books, all Veela traits were dominant. That meant that if he was a Veela, and he was able to trick his own bonding magic into thinking he was performing the ceremony, then something within him was separate. Sentient. Something he could feel apart from himself. Something that he was fighting. It would explain why the night of the corridor battle, he hadn't just forced her to give him her blood. He'd asked, over and over, as if prioritizing her request for consent.

But the Veela traits are all-encompassing, Hermione thought. How would he have the ability to prioritize consent when the concept of consent is not a natural trait for uncivilized, naturally-occurring species?

Hermione stared at the wall in front of her for a long time. Why would he want to trick the bond in the first place? Why wouldn't he just forcibly bond her? The bonding magic had no way of knowing if his feelings were strong for her until after the bond was complete, she was sure of it. It should have forced him to complete the ceremony as normal.

She froze. Was the magic itself the part that was sentient? She thought back to the times she'd felt his magic pushing out of him, wrapping around her, touching her. There were the times he fed from her, touching her and caressing her. Then the fight, and how angry he'd felt when she was near him.

But that didn't explain the rage. That had felt distinctly different from the way his magic felt in her room that night. There was absolutely nothing in the books about Veelas being creatures of anger. They were creatures of pure lust and possession. Anger could be a side effect of jealousy, of course, but that wasn't a Veela-specific trait.

Could there be a third type of magic lying within Malfoy's magical core, separate from his own personal heart and the Veela's lustful one?

The second option was bizarre and made no sense.

It came to her as she was trying to compare his extreme fury to the day she'd had to fight him in the corridor after Potions. When she thought about the fact that his anger had felt so palpable, and that his lust was so different from it, she began to wonder.

Could Veela traits be given? Transferred, as it were, or applied to an individual? Like a virus, if she thought of it the Muggle way. It was highly unlikely but completely possible that someone had done something to Malfoy to give him Veela traits. Which would explain why he drank blood and his eyes went completely silver the night they'd performed the - as she was beginning to believe - false bonding ceremony. It seemed barmy.

And that didn't explain the rage and the claws she'd seen jutting their way out from beneath his fingernails that night, as though his skin was a suit that another creature wore. It also didn't explain the fact that he'd specifically told her he knew where she was in the castle, the night they'd performed the false ceremony. It certainly didn't explain his sudden desire to be a comfort for her for the past month, when in September, he had barely spoken to her beyond awkward encounters in Potions. And nothing explained why he suddenly wanted to be locked in his room, and then stayed out of classes the following day.

If Veela traits could be given, then that meant that the traits of other creatures could be given, too. Even if Malfoy was genetically a Veela, that didn't negate that he may have possessed traits of other creatures. It was entirely possible that Malfoy's condition was a lot more complicated than she'd originally thought.

How could Malfoy be multiple creatures at once? Is that even possible?

Hermione racked her brain. She needed to figure out which magical creatures had anger, need to comfort, tracking, and isolation as traits, and then she'd have a better idea of what might be going on.

She stretched her arms out above her close to 1:00 in the morning, her head pounding from all the thoughts and reading. It felt good to her, though. She felt like this entire year had been such a stressful time that she had been breezing through her homework without any real interest. But magical creatures was something she'd always had an interest in, as was helping them. That included Malfoy. If he was a magical creature - or two or even three - then he'd need all the help he she could offer.

Hermione gathered the books and took them back to the stack. As she waved her wand, her gaze floated down to the dark stacks across the way. Someone stood there, close to the edge as though they'd been about to sidle out of view.

Malfoy.

He stood there, his face looking hollow and eyes desperate and open. Hermione felt her heart flutter and she took a step back. He was looking right at her, his blond hair a tousled mess and falling into his eyes. He looked sickly, like he was about to faint.

She took a hesitant step toward him, and he lowered his eyes. He stepped back, almost out of sight, and she knew.

He was hungry.

How was he supposed to expect to survive? Where was the cowardly Malfoy she knew in their younger years, the one who was so terrified of death that he would join Voldemort's ranks as a Death Eater?

She didn't understand why he didn't want to speak with her anymore. She wondered, was it because of the bond? Why would he trick his magic into thinking they'd bonded?

Did he still see her blood as dirty?

She turned and went back to her alcove to gather her things. If that were the case, if he'd go to those lengths to avoid sullying himself with her dirty blood, then she supposed it was best for them not to speak after all.

Leaning over the desk to clear it of her her quill, inkpot, and parchment, she tried not to feel hurt about her fears of his racism. She knew she should be used to it by now, but things were different now. They felt different. He'd said he felt something for her. Didn't that change things?

"Granger."

The voice came from behind her in the dim light of the alcove, soft and insistent. She turned around, startled, and saw Malfoy. Her stomach twisted. He wasn't going so far as to wring his hands anxiously, but from his sagging shoulders and the way he wet his lips while gazing down at her, she could tell.

He wasn't here, breaking his own word, because he wanted to be.

They stared at each other for a moment, a million words rushing past Hermione's mind. She knew she should just walk by him; she knew better than to make herself accessible to him after what happened. But his gaze was so deep, so dark . . . He didn't have to say anything for her to know that he was here out of need.

Wordlessly and with a beating heart, Hermione slowly slid her wand out of her wrist holster.

She saw something flash in his eyes, saw his lips part as he took in a quick breath. She could see the hard planes of his face melting, changing with anticipation. He took a slow step forward, and Hermione found that she was having trouble breathing herself. She reached up and moved her hair to one side of her head, his eyes following her every movement.

The tension between them bounding around the entire empty Library was nearly unbearable for Hermione. She could feel her skin prickling with sweat, her feet taking her forward one step to stand right in front of him. She tilted her head to the side, and she felt his eyes training themselves upon her pulse like a firm touch.

Hermione placed the tip of her wand to her neck, letting out a small gasp as she felt his hands skimming ever-so-slowly from her hips to her waist. The scent of his cologne filled her nostrils, the gentle caress of the smell of safety, and she felt her skin igniting.

"W-Wait," he breathed, his fingers curling into the fabric of her white button-up. She could feel him struggling to catch his breath. He was very visibly fighting with himself, wrestling with something she didn't comprehend.

Then, just as she was about to utter the spell, he ripped himself away from her, gasping as though he'd just come up from being underwater. He ran his hands through his hair, eyes searching the ground wildly, and then left. Hermione watched him go until she was alone, sighing.

This was wrong. She knew it was a poor decision to watch him go longer and longer without blood, especially knowing now how easy it was for Veelas to wither. If he was a Veela, then it was his life that she had in her hands. She bit her lip.

She wouldn't stand by and watch him kill himself.

The corridor outside the Library was full of shadows as she stepped out into it. She was beyond tired, her eyes half-shut as she walked the short distance across the hall from the Library to the portrait. She'd taken most of the Veela books and put them back since she'd gleaned all she could, but she'd kept one for future reference. She glanced down at it, checking one last thing at the end of a specific passage about wingspan by the light of her wand.

Footsteps rushed toward her at top speed from behind and her heart leapt into her throat. They pounded so loudly against the stone that she nearly screamed, and she whirled around, dropping the book to the floor. She half-expected to see Malfoy, due to their moment in the study alcove, and she steeled herself to be pushed into the wall.

Nothing.

Hermione's entire body began to tremble. There was nothing there. No one. Not a soul.

But I heard footsteps, she thought, clutching a shaking hand to her wildly-pounding heart. She looked up and down the darkness, panting for breath. They were so loud. I know I heard them.

The thoroughly-startled witch hurriedly whispered the password and entered the portrait as fast as she could, leaving the book on Veelas behind on the ground in her haste.

The common room was dark when she entered, and so quiet that her breaths sounded harsh to her own ears. She padded as softly as she could across the floor, making a beeline for the girls' dorm stairs. She possessed no ideas about what had just occurred outside the common room, but she was jittery with lingering fear. Because no culprit had been named in her attack the previous month and she couldn't help but wonder when or if they might strike again.

She closed herself in her dorm as quietly as possible, only breathing with relief once she'd locked it with a series of safety and protection spells. She smoothed her hair down, trying to calm herself. She had to be tired. Too much reading, too late; that was it.

Hermione wished she knew if Malfoy's request that they not interact included regards to his protection. As she lay curled up in her bed, shivering with her eyes trained on the door, she wondered if that protection included from himself.

An entire week went by, during which Hermione tried to keep her focus on classes and coursework. Fortunately for her, there were quite a few assignments to be worked on, plus a project for Charms that she had to complete before Winter holiday. She had tea with Minerva on Tuesday, and a meeting with a Ministry official in her office regarding the situation with Theo on Wednesday. Then, on Friday, there was a small exam for Transfiguration that she was anxious about, so she spent the majority of the week practicing her ability to transfigure big things into small without affecting the weight of the item. She was so busy, she barely noticed that she hadn't seen Malfoy.

Things were steadily getting better with her friends, as Hermione discovered. It turned out Ron's silent forgiveness of her was a catalyst for change, and she suspected that he'd spoken to a few of their fellow Eighth Years. Over the course of the week, she'd gotten hellos from Neville and Dean that caught her off guard. Seamus sat with her at lunch again, Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott partnered with her in Defense Against the Dark Arts, and Ron and Luna sat with her in the common room at night. Even Harry had put a note under her door asking if they could speak soon, which she was excited about. Unfortunately, the Parvati twins were still not speaking to her, and Hermione had a feeling it had everything to do with the argument they'd had in the Library.

The Malfoy something hadn't changed. Ever since the almost-encounter in the Library, she hadn't seen him in the Great Hall, and he never came to Advanced Potions. She never saw him in the common room and as the days wore on, she began to feel like it was any other year at Hogwarts. This alarmed Hermione, of course, because of what she'd read about Veelas. If he was a Veela, or possessed Veela traits, she was afraid that every day was one step closer to his demise.

At the time she was meant to meet Harry, Hermione stood at the foot of the stairs outside the Great Hall. She was nervous, worried about how their conversation would go after not being able to get along and then finally just ignoring each other for so long.

"Hermione."

She turned. It was Harry. He stood there in his robes, pushing his glasses up his nose. They both gave each other unreadable looks, and then together they headed towards the castle doors to speak in the courtyard. They didn't talk as they walked, an awkwardness spreading between them that strangely, Hermione found promising. Awkwardness was not hatred or anger.

Hermione looked around at the remodeled exit, remembering the last time they'd been on the stairs leading outside. Voldemort had challenged Harry to come to the forest, and she'd embraced him with tears in her eyes and the knowledge that he was walking out to his death. The war felt like ages ago, and walking down those stairs with Harry right then felt sobering and nostalgic. Things were different now. They'd been through war yes, but they were still just kids. They couldn't be expected to handle every argument responsibly and maturely.

They took a seat on the bottom step of the courtyard stairs, each of them with their hands on their knees.

Hermione tried to think of what to say. Their last conversation had been the worst fight they'd ever had. She didn't know if this conversation was going to go well, but she felt optimistic.

"Where should we start?" Harry said, gazing at the ground.

Hermione pressed her lips together. "Perhaps with the reason you wanted to speak?"

"Yes," he said, tapping his fingers against his kneecap. "That would be . . . Yes, that would be good."

". . . So what is it?"

"Well," he said. "I wanted to . . . Apologize. For how I've acted."

Hermione waited.

He went on, "I just . . . I wasn't being a good friend. I wasn't trying to understand your perspective. And I certainly was being selfish, because your . . . Romantic life is your business. I would never want to take away your happiness, were that the case."

Hermione smiled, feeling a sense of relief washing over her. "Oh, Harry. I truly appreciate your apology, and I forgive you. I was never in a relationship with Malfoy, either. I just have a big heart." Too big of a heart.

"And now?"

She looked at him, saw the way he was eyeing her, and she knew Ron had spoken to him. She was glad for it, because Harry could be more stubborn than anyone she knew.

"We're not in a relationship, no."

Harry pursed his lips, nodding slowly. "So you're a 'we' now?"

Hermione turned her face to the front. She didn't know what they were. "I don't know."

They sat in silence for a bit, the chilly November breeze ruffling through their hair. Hermione wondered what Harry truly thought. He seemed so calm, too calm, especially regarding Malfoy. But she assumed that he, like she, wanted to mend things from here.

"I'm not going to pretend that I'm fond of him and your friendship with him," Harry finally said. "I still detest the tosser. I don't know if I can ever move past the way he treated us, you especially. However, I do understand that things are different now. War came. It changed us all for the better. I'm sure that even Malfoy has made some changes."

Hermione said nothing. Things were so complicated with Malfoy now. She wanted to say, yes, Harry, Malfoy doesn't hate Muggle-borns anymore! But she couldn't. She didn't know what Malfoy thought of her. His body was undergoing a change that couldn't be explained or named yet. Everything that had occurred between them so far was under question now.

Harry reached for her hand and continued, "I don't want us to fight anymore, Hermione. You're my best friend. I love you very much, and I don't like us existing in limbo, glaring at each other and thinking ill."

Hermione felt tears prickling at her eyes and she squeezed his fingers. "I didn't want to hurt anyone when I made my choice to help him. I just wanted him to have the same opportunities to heal and change, like the rest of us. He may have been born with money, but we're all a lot richer than he is. He didn't have the same privileges that we did."

"You're very compassionate," he said, wrapping his arm around her shoulders and pulling her close. "And that's not a bad thing, Hermione. You made a choice that hurt people, but you didn't do anything wrong. It wasn't your responsibility to care for the rest of our feelings. It was our responsibility to cope maturely, without punishing you for it."

Hermione laid her head on his shoulder, smiling. "Well, you've all begun to come 'round."

They two friends sat there for a few more minutes, embracing. Then, Hermione sat up.

"I don't think you have to worry about Malfoy anymore, though," she said, smiling sadly.

"Oh? Has something happened, then?"

"Somewhat," she said, careful of her chosen words. "He's . . . Enduring something right now. Something that I'm equipped to help him with. But he doesn't want my help anymore."

Harry eyed her, and it looked like he was trying to fight the urge to roll his eyes. "For someone who likes to call us Gryffindors martyrs, sounds like he ought to take his own advice."

Hermione tried not to react too much. Martyr. Harry didn't know how right he was.

"Well, I'm sure it'll be all right," Harry said with a chuckle. "Malfoy may be your . . . Friend, but he's not exactly intelligent. Martyrdom takes a certain level of intelligence to understand the concept of the greater good."

"He's actually rather bright," Hermione said, ducking her head to hide her blush. "He's got great banter, and he doesn't . . . His eyes don't glaze over when I talk."

Harry poked her cheek, teasing. "Shall I send you to the Infirmary? You must be mental if you fancy that ferret."

Hermione smacked his arm playfully, glad that things had gone back to normal, even if they were a new normal. "I don't fancy him. I just . . . Notice him. And I think he notices me."

Harry stared at her and then laughed. "I'm sorry, it's just rather absurd. You and Draco Malfoy noticing each other? It's like an alternate universe, innit?"

Hermione couldn't help but laugh, for she'd felt the same way many times. Then, she felt her mirth fade and she sighed.

"It's nothing, though. He's been rather clear about his desire to endure his . . . Situation . . . On his own. He's a solitary wizard."

"And what about the cruciatus attack? Have you found out who's done it?"

"It wasn't Malfoy, if that's what you're implying," she said. "But no, we haven't. McGonagall assigned the task to him, but he's rather, er . . . Preoccupied."

"With his enduring situation."

"Yes, with his enduring situation." She shot him a sidelong look, and he didn't look too happy.

"Hm," he said. "Well, let's hope he can endure his way into solving the case, and soon. Whoever hurt you could be skulking around as we speak, waiting for another chance to strike."

Hermione nodded, and then together the two of them stood and went back inside. They caught each other up on everything they'd been up to during their time apart as they walked, but Hermione's own mind was preoccupied. Because Harry was right.

Whoever hurt her could be anywhere.

Hermione's conversation with Harry inspired her. After her DADA class, instead of going to dinner right away, she decided to go back to the owlery and see if she could find anything else. It had been weeks since the attack - over a month, actually - but she knew that oftentimes, things tended to linger when they wanted to be found. She went to her dorm to put on a jumper to combat the cold, ensured her wand was secure in her wrist holster, and then headed for the tower.

The air outside wasn't too cold, but it did nip at her nose a bit as she went back to the parapet that Malfoy had shown her. She'd pinned her hair up in a messy bun that day, so the tops of her ears were already numb with the autumn chill. The owlery was empty due to everyone being at dinner, and the owls were few and far between. Off delivering letters and parcels to the Great Hall, no doubt.

Hermione peeked around, not really sure what she was searching for. She peered over the parapet, at the score marks that still remained in the stone. She wished there was a spell that she could use to detect who made them and if they actually were from the night she was attacked.

She gave up after a while. She liked to read and learn; she was no Auror. She had no idea what she was looking for, no idea how to ask the right questions. Honestly, Malfoy was the one who'd be a great Auror. He was so attentive to everything he did, she could tell by the way he brewed Potions. He knew how to ask the right questions, follow the proper leads. He also knew how to act off hunches. After all, he'd found the claw marks in the wall, and she never would have thought to look over the top of the wall. Hermione didn't know how he'd known they might have something to do with her attack. To her, they just looked like claw marks on a random stone that could have been there for years without anyone knowing. Bizarre though it was for them to be so high up, and for them to be claw marks. Hermione didn't know if it had anything to do with her attack. Malfoy seemed to think so.

Feeling her stomach rumbling, she conceded defeat and went back into the tower. She took a few steps down, rounded the corner in the stairwell, and nearly ran face-first into Malfoy himself. Her heart jumped in her chest, which she slapped a hand over. He retreated a few steps, likely on instinct, putting him ten or so steps below her.

"Merlin, Malfoy," she gasped. "How did you know I was here?"

He slipped his hands into the pockets of his trousers. "I always know where you are."

His words shot through her and she immediately thought back to what she'd read in the Library. She opened her mouth to tell him what she'd found, but then remembered what he'd said the night of their corridor battle.

"I thought you said you no longer wanted us to speak," she sniffed haughtily, crossing her arms over her chest as she looked down her nose at him.

Malfoy's face was not anything like it had been a week ago in the Library. He looked awful. Pale, face drawn, eyes sunken. His hair, though swept back from his forehead, looked like it had lost some of its lustre. His skin was bruised, from what she could see, and even though he wore his suit, she could tell his frame had thinned quite a bit.

He averted his eyes, hanging his head. His hair fell forward, so he removed a hand from one pocket and combed it back. "I need . . . I'm hungry."

Hermione felt her heart wrench. She was foolish to have even insinuated that she didn't know why he'd found her. He hadn't fed in a week-and-a-half. It was a marvel that he was able to stand.

But what if her suspicions about the bonding ceremony were right? What if subconsciously, he'd known what was going on, and he didn't want to bond with her because she was a Muggle-born witch? She shook the thoughts away.

Even if that were true, that didn't mean he deserved to suffer and die.

She had to do this. She couldn't stand by and watch him let himself wither just because he didn't want to mingle with a Muggle-born.

He jolted as she started down the stairs toward him, pulling up the sleeve of her jumper as she went. She withdrew her wand.

"I've no idea how you expect to survive by avoiding me," she said, annoyed. "I understand if you don't enjoy mingling with a Muggle-born, but that's no reason to hurt yourself because of it."

Hermione paused three steps above him, lifting her wand and looking down at her freshly-healed skin. She heard the sound of him taking in a sharp breath, and then suddenly, faster than she could blink, he shot forward. She cried out in shock, stumbling backward and forgetting that she was standing on the stairs. She was forced to lift her foot and ascend the stairs backward.

"How are you . . . How did you move that fast?" Hermione asked warily, her hand pressed to the cold stone wall of the stairwell. It had been so easy to forget that no matter what Malfoy was, he was a predator. He was dangerous, and he always had been.

"I don't know," he said, and the desperation from the first night he'd fed from her laced his tone like thick yarn. His eyes looked a bit wild, the pace of his breathing picking up. His hand reached for her for a moment before he drew it back. "I don't know, I just . . . Need . . ."

Still trying to catch her breath, Hermione sat down on one of the steps. She gestured for him to follow. He hesitated for a second, and then slowly, he sat one step below her. His eyes were trained upon her neck, which did not go unnoticed by her.

"We should be quick," she said. "Someone could come at any moment. Is it . . . Better from the throat?"

His pupils were dilated and he wet his lips. He nodded, his eyes seeming eager as they snapped up to hers.

"Yes. Warm . . . Better."

Hermione bit her lower lip. She'd noticed that his words seemed more rudimentary, like he was being careful what he said. It was different than the previous week, where it had felt less in control, more uninhibited. She wondered what was different.

"Please," he whispered, starting to come closer to her, eyes glued to her pounding pulse. "I can't . . . I need . . ."

"Remember the . . . Rules," she said a bit lamely, wondering if they even applied now that he'd changed the details of their something. She held the tip of the wand to her neck, still feeling apprehensive. She wanted to help him, but what if this just made things more difficult?

Suddenly, he was in her line of sight, having moved so that his knees were on a lower step and he was crawling between her legs. She froze, feeling confused and at a loss as to what to do. He placed his hands on the flat of the step she was perched upon, right beside her hips, and she breathed in his smell as his face hovered near hers.

"Granger, please," he said hoarsely. "I'm so fucking hungry."

Hermione shook her thoughts out of her head. She'd already decided she wanted to help him, and she didn't want to risk him dying just because she wasn't sure if he'd ignore her afterward. Because his ignorance of her was highly likely, as it always had been, and her heart hurt to think about it.

"Diffindo," she said, her voice cracking on the syllables as she cut the side of her throat.

His eyes flashed again, and then his lips were against her neck, his body pressing hers into the stairs. His hands wrapped around her waist, dragging her against his torso in their position quite forcibly. Feeling like she didn't possess a secure place on the steps, she tried to scoot up further, earning herself a rather vicious growl from Malfoy along with a sharp tug downward. She yelped as the stone scraped her back and held onto the lapels of his suit for dear life.

Hermione closed her eyes and counted up the seconds. He'd never given her any reason to believe he would willingly harm her, and so far, he'd done well at stopping himself before he went too far. Save for the fight in the corridor, but there had clearly been something off about him then. Right now, she couldn't feel anything coming from him that resembled anger, so she was sure he would stop before too long.

She felt his tongue caressing the surface of the wound. A short second later, a familiar feeling of breathlessness overtook her. Her skin shivered and grew sensitive, and her thighs clenched around his waist. Her brow furrowed, but before she could react to the new sensation, she felt his right hand slip beneath her jumper and press flat to her bare back, holding her against him. It forced a gasp out of her throat, her spine arching.

If Malfoy was a Veela, this part was normal. Their saliva contained properties that assisted with the feeding process, that much she knew, but she hadn't known what that would entail. She'd thought it would be something more similar to a numbing sensation at the area of the wound.

Before a Veela procured a mate, their inclination would always be to find one. Now that she was in this position, fighting the urge to move her hips and sigh, she felt embarrassed for having been so naive as to think it might not be her that he was attracted to.

But if he was a Veela, where were his fangs and wings?

Malfoy pulled himself away from her, panting as he rolled to sit down on the step sideways, his back to the wall and knees up. He folded his arms atop his knees and buried his blood-stained face in them. Before he did so, Hermione saw that he looked pained, almost tormented.

Feeling trapped in her own skin, Hermione sat up and looked over at him. She healed and cleaned her skin quickly and then slipped her wand back up into her sleeve. She brushed a stray curl off of her forehead. She didn't know what was going to happen between them, but she did know that she didn't want to lose the opportunity to speak to him now, while she had the chance.

"Are you . . . All right?" she asked, grimacing.

He slowly lifted his head, his silver eyes peering at her under his dark lashes, looking very much like a small child. His expression was so open, so raw, and she knew then that something had happened to him. Something she might not understand. She didn't know what it was, but she could see that he looked broken.

It surprised her even more when he scooted over to her and positioned himself so that not only was he in-between her legs, but his head was also pillowed on her diaphragm. She lifted her hands, astonished, while he wrapped his arms around her back and held on tightly.

Yes, something had definitely happened. Something had torn him down. Malfoy was not the type to seek comfort in this way. Definitely not with her. She knew that something had caused him to feel so desolate that he embraced her this way. He needed her. It was written in the way his entire body relaxed the moment she did.

Hermione curved her arms around his head, letting her fingers sift through his long, blond hair. He shuddered and relaxed further into the curve of her body, closing his eyes. She looked at the empty stairwell, hoping that no one decided to come at this moment, or at any moment before dinner was over. Malfoy needed this, needed this moment's reprieve. Hermione was happy to give it to him, even if he wanted to go back to ignoring her afterward.

She wasn't sure when things had changed for her, or when she realized that there was something more than hatred between she and Malfoy. Whether he was a vampire or a Veela, two creatures or three, she knew that before this year, she never would have imagined that she'd be here at this exact moment. She'd never thought that the person he'd be going to for comfort would be her, the one he called Mudblood. She felt there was some poetry in that. It was in there somewhere, wrapped around them and holding them together.

"You can't do this alone, Malfoy," she said softly as her nails scraped along his scalp. "After all, that's what got you involved with Voldemort. Trying to do everything by yourself."

"I know," he whispered, his arms tightening around her.

"Then if you know, why are you trying to do it by yourself?"

He was silent for a long time. Then, he murmured, "Because it's the only way to make sure I don't . . ."

"Don't what?"

"Hurt you. And I really, really don't want to hurt you."

Hermione felt her heart skip a beat, her fingers stuttering in his hair. "You won't hurt me. I'm a tough witch."

They settled into silence, silence that actually spoke volumes, leaving Hermione feeling as though she were floating through a fog. She kept her eyes focused on Malfoy, wondering what was happening between them and if it was even something that could be stopped by them simply ceasing to talk to one another. She wondered what the something was, and what it was that happened to him that he wasn't telling her about. She wondered why him lying here - him holding her and her holding him - felt so right.

Why do I feel like crying?

Gazing down at his head pillowed against her chest, the dark circles under his eyes shadowing his face with defeat as he surrendered to sleep right there on the stairs, Hermione's next realization hit her with the full force of a herd of stampeding hippogriffs.

She fancied him.




 

 

Invisible


Traitor by The World Over, White Fright by Bass Drum of Death, Howling by RY X, Inception by Make Me Famous, and Nothing Breaks Like a Heart by Miley Cyrus

Draco POV

When Draco awoke on the third day of the full moon cycle, he was in so much pain that he immediately lost consciousness again.

He awoke a second time hours later, feeling as though his entire body had been torn apart into thousands of pieces. His blood was sticky on the floor beneath him, drying as the seconds ticked by. He remembered the chunks of flesh that had fallen from his body, and his eyes searched around only to find that the flesh was gone. It made him feel so sick to his stomach that he forced himself to roll over so he could retch bile onto the floor.

His magic had run through his body after the transformation, and he'd known even then. It wasn't his magic that had been controlling him the past month.

It was the wolf.

He gazed down at his body in a panic, but saw none of the white fur from the previous night, none of the torn flesh. Nothing. His human body was intact. But he felt the pain as though it were still there, throbbing beneath his skin, scraping along his bones and reminding him that it wasn't over. It would never be over. Next month, and the month after, and then the month after. Right now, he felt more exhausted than he ever had in his entire life. Like his muscles were weighted with rocks, holding him down to the floor.

But if he was a werewolf, why hadn't he turned fully? The only parts of his form that had changed were his left arm, his feet, his back, and his head, and then it had stopped. The human parts of him had ached and pulsed, and the wolf parts of him felt nothing. It was excruciating, much more painful than anything he ever wanted to experience again, his body almost suspended in a limbo of anguish as the change didn't complete itself.

Draco didn't know much about werewolves beyond what he'd researched for the two essays he'd written about them in Hogwarts, but he did know for sure that as a werewolf, the entire body was supposed to shift and turn into the form of a wolf. Was something different about him from other werewolves that would cause a partial change rather than a full one?

He was a Beast now, classified with the Ministry as lower than a Being. If anyone knew what he was, if the Ministry found out, he wouldn't be able to own the Malfoy family estate. The money he'd grown accustomed to, the security and the nice things - it would all be taken away from him. He'd hardly be a Malfoy, wouldn't even be considered a Pureblood any longer now that werewolf blood ran through his veins. He honestly couldn't think of anything worse.

Draco wished he could erase the memories of last night from his mind. He wished he could forget how alone he'd felt, how terrified and weak. It filled him with shame when he recalled the memories, the horrifying nightmare that would be his to experience for the rest of his life. He couldn't help but think of Sixth Year, how he hadn't the strength or the stomach to follow Voldemort's orders. How could he be expected to cope with being a damn werewolf?

Granger's face floated through his mind. She was the only person he wished could have been there while he was changing, and yet somehow, he knew it wasn't safe. She wasn't safe around him, not anymore. She never had been. He had wanted her there, but he remembered the feeling of those teeth in his mouth, those sharp teeth. He remembered feeling ravenous, imagining those teeth tearing into raw flesh. Tearing into her flesh, listening to her scream the way he had that night at the Manor and in her memories.

But something still wasn't quite right. If he was a werewolf, why did he need to consume blood to survive? Why did he feel lust that was unable to be ignored? He knew for certain that there was something else going on, he just didn't think he had the energy to deal with anything else that day.

Right now, he just wanted to close his eyes.

Draco slept the entirety of Wednesday, and when he woke, it was Thursday morning. He felt boneless and tired, and his room reeked. His skin stuck to the floor as he peeled himself away from the dried blood, massaging his aching muscles and cracking his neck. With a weak hand, he tergeoed his room and staggered to the shower.

He'd seen her in the common room. He'd seen Granger. The moment he did, he felt his magic swelling as though it had lain dormant for a thousand years, and dismay filled him. So the transformation hadn't changed anything. He was still coping with the intense attraction he had to her, the unbridled fury for everything else, and the possessiveness he felt over her. He was hungry after not having fed, and he felt his veins scraping dryly against one another, craving sustenance. He'd frozen at the foot of the stairs, forcing himself not to face her. He knew that if he did turn, if he faced her, he would crumble and go to her.

He didn't know what would happen if he did. He just knew he would hurt her.

Draco had mustered up every bit of the minimal strength he had left in his body and went to the Great Hall to put on appearances for Blaise and everyone else. He barely spoke to them, and though he knew that Blaise kept asking after him, querying him about why he didn't answer his door knocks on Wednesday, he just stared at the tabletop. He hadn't the energy to do anything else. He felt weighed down not only by exhaustion, but also by the knowledge of the secret that he carried upon his shoulders. Every class was spent that way, barely speaking, hardly acknowledging anyone or anything, just staring. And then, at the end of the night, after feigning interest in a dinner made up of food his body wouldn't allow him to eat, he trudged up the boys' dorm stairs and went to bed.

The days passed agonizingly slow as he went out of his way to avoid Granger. He wanted her blood so badly, more badly than ever before now that he'd tasted it so often, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. He had nightmares every night of her on the floor of the Manor, but instead of it being Aunt Bella standing over her, it was him. He was raping her, tearing her heart out with his claws, drinking blood from her neck until her skin went grey. It was ruining him. She was ruining him.

On Friday, he followed her scent to the Library in a daze and watched her study for three hours. He felt smarmy, felt like he should be locked up in Azkaban with his father, but he was just so hungry. He was ravenous, and that was why when he saw her getting ready to leave, he couldn't resist. He floated over to her, pleading with his eyes. But when she'd made as if to cut herself open for him, he'd panicked. He saw his nightmares, heard her screaming, and he fled back to his room.

A week later, the following Friday, he couldn't take it anymore. He followed her scent all the way to the owlery and begged her, right there in the stairwell. And she'd obliged, speaking things he knew to be true, things he'd not been able to face. He was in a daze, devolving with his hunger, and then he'd pressed her into the stairs. He felt the lust rising up, felt her body arching up against his, and he'd forced himself back before he went too far. Then came the self-hatred. The weakness. The failure. And finally, the shame. The overwhelming shame of knowing that he was a werewolf, less than he'd ever thought Muggle-borns were, and he felt completely unworthy to even be in the stairwell with her.

But she'd held him. She'd held him anyway, and it was just like when he was younger and his mother would comb her fingers through his hair until he fell asleep. He'd known someone could walk up at any moment, but he hadn't cared. He'd just wanted to steal and possess this one moment with her. Even though he was bad for her, even though she'd sunk so deep into his veins that he craved her every waking moment, he had to steal this one moment for himself and surrender to it.

Draco had noticed something else as the week wore on. He was fast. Very fast. If he wasn't careful, if he didn't take note of every step he made, he'd flash forward and nearly topple over. He wasn't used to it, this side effect of being a werewolf, and it made him feel a bit nervous. Especially seeing how frightened it made Granger in the stairwell. It made him feel even more threatening, and fortified his resolve to keep her safe from himself.

He wondered how this could have happened. How could he have been turned into a werewolf? He'd never encountered one, as far as he knew, and the only wounds he'd received that year were from Crabbe in the duel. He'd scratched him, right at the end. But as far as he knew, he'd never seen Crabbe looking as awful as Draco did. But Draco had no idea how the oaf spent his time, and Pansy seemed to be wrapped around his cock like a warmer. Could Pansy be his blood source, if he was consuming blood? And if he was, did that mean that it was normal for werewolves to consume blood and feel extreme amounts of lust?

In the back of his mind, he wondered: could it have been Crabbe?

Draco was awoken from his impromptu nap by voices coming from what sounded like the stairs. It was a couple of First Years, from the sound of it, and they were headed towards the owlery. He stirred, becoming acutely aware of the feeling of Granger's fingernails across his scalp and her freesia scent, his head against her diaphragm where he could hear the beating of her heart. He laid there for a moment, blinking, trying to savor it before he had to put his Malfoy face back on.

It wasn't until he realized that the First Years still weren't there that he'd heard them from multiple corridors away. Somehow, along with his natural speed, his hearing had become enhanced as well.

He sat up, hands still on her waist, his eyes searching hers. She looked wary, likely waiting for him to do the inevitable and take himself away from her again. He wished he could tell her the truth of what he was, and what happened the second night of the full moon. He wished he could involve her, so he didn't have to feel the way he did during Sixth Year - like he was the only one on the Quidditch team facing down the Bulgarians, with no arm or knee guards and a wonky broom. Like Voldemort was after him, hiding amongst the recesses of his own mind, waiting to punish him for failing.

"Someone's coming," he said, and then he abruptly stood.

Granger looked up at him, startled at his speed, and then she stood, too. "You're quite fast. Much faster than normal. It means there's another symptom."

Draco opened his mouth, sighing. He fixed her with a glare, hoping she would become incensed with him. He needed things to go back to the way they were before, before the false bonding. Before the feeding. Before he formed his obsession with watching her. Before everything.

"You've got to stay out of it, Granger. I don't need any help. I'm fine."

"But you're not fine," she said, dusting off the back of her clothing. "I can tell. I've been doing some research, and -"

"Cease."

"I won't! Malfoy, there is a possibility that you're a -"

"I don't care," he snapped, his eyes blazing. The voices of the First Years had reached the corridor outside the owlery tower. "Do what I say. Stay out of it."

She stared at him, and he could feel her anger wafting towards him through the air. "Again - I won't."

He took a step forward, his anger - his wolf - rising. "You will."

The students had reached the bottom step.

"You don't have any rights to authority over me," Granger said icily. "Therefore, I am not required to do anything you wish simply because you wish it. I will do whatever I can to help you because I want to. Because I care about -"

He didn't want to hear it. He couldn't. Forgetting himself, forgetting that the First Years were rounding the twisting stairs, his wolf lashed out and he flashed forward, his palms slamming flat on the stone wall beside her head. She gasped and jumped, cowering back against the wall with fear in her eyes.

"Is that truly what you think?" he asked, moving his lips past her ear. "That I have no authority over you?"

He drew back, powerless to stop his wolf from forming a smirk upon his face. Her scent was overwhelming, an aroma of terror reaching upward towards him. While it sickened Draco to have to treat her this way after everything, his wolf thoroughly enjoyed reminding Granger who held the power between them. And it was because of his wolf that Draco knew this was necessary. It was necessary for her to fear him.

The First Years were stopping halfway up the tower, complaining about how many steps there were.

Draco's hand moved to her throat, his fingers sliding down the column, until they neared her collarbones. He saw her eyelids flutter, felt her heart racing against her pulse, and his lips brushed her ear. The First Years had resumed their upward trek.

"Then why do I need only do this . . . " His tongue curved around the shell of her ear. ". . . To make you want to do whatever I say?"

"I don't . . . Know," she gasped, her eyes rolling up into her head. "I don't know."

"You'll do what I say. Won't you?"

"Y-Yes," she choked out, but he could feel her body trembling as she pressed her thighs together.

"When I say it," he breathed, a soft threat, tapping his fingers against her pulse.

The First Years were standing there, their jaws hanging down to the floor. Draco shot them a menacing look, which caused them to scramble back down a few steps. Then, he turned that same dark gaze back to his witch. She was blushing, widened eyes snapping from him to the First Years and back. She patted her curls, flustered as Draco stepped back from her.

"Do yourself a favor, Granger. Stop. Caring," he said. He shoved past the stunned First Year girls, heading back down to the corridor.

Draco wished he could let her be involved. He wished he wasn't what he was, that he had just had a typical magical malady that could have been cured. He wished he didn't have to threaten her to keep her away from him. He wished he had another way to protect her. He had so many wishes, and he was starting to worry that there weren't enough stars in the sky to grant them all. The worst thing about it all was that if Granger was anything like she was in class, she would take the swotty route and continue to research his condition. She wasn't going to let it go. He was terrified that his wolf would make him do something worse to her to get her to step back.

Something unforgivable.

The next two weeks passed by without incident from Granger, but not without incident from everything else in his life.

He wasn't faring well in his classes. He could hardly pay attention, what with everything that was occurring to him. McGonagall sent for him twice, but he simply sent her notes back telling her not to worry, that he was just feeling under the weather. Professor Weasley watched him like a hawk and his other Professors became frustrated with his lack of interest in the courses.

Not only was he dreading the next full moon cycle, but he was experiencing lethargy and shifting moods to a degree that was affecting his ability to concentrate. After the third time he'd gone from wanting to scream at Granger to stop looking at him like he was dying, to wanting to accost her in the hallway and shag her against the wall, he'd come to realize that his wolf wasn't the only issue.

There had to be another aspect to his condition that had nothing to do with werewolves, and when he'd gone to the Library to check if any of the wolf books came back, the book he'd managed to snag confirmed that fact. Enhanced speed and hearing, transformation, and rage were symptoms of lycanthropy. Blood drinking, lust, and possessiveness were not.

Draco wasn't allowing himself to feed, finding that the self-harm of forcing starvation was a satisfying enough punishment for hurting Granger. He had no specific itemized list written down on parchment for the ways he'd hurt her, but he knew he deserved it. He'd taken parts of her for himself, selfishly, that she'd only given because her bloody Gryffindor heart was too big. He wished she didn't care so much. He wished he didn't care at all.

Blaise was still his best friend, though worried about the strange way Draco had been acting, but the rest of the Slytherins seemed fit to follow Crabbe around like leeches. Crabbe was someone Draco suspected, but he had no idea the extent of his capabilities. Draco felt weaker now than he had as a human; he didn't want to challenge Crabbe with accusations, only to discover that Crabbe could tear him apart with his bare hands. Crabbe left him alone, for the most part, save for random smirks and jibes. But as the days went on and word started to spread that Granger and Malfoy's friendship was over, that they no longer spoke or interacted, Draco started to notice Crabbe occasionally looking down the table at her.

Draco's magic didn't like that, and neither did his wolf.

Draco had decided not to put Granger through a situation with himself because he didn't want her to be put in danger. Crabbe constituted danger. He was exhausted, and he was worried Crabbe was stronger than him, but if he went after her, Draco wouldn't hesitate to strike.

He was glad, however, for the fact that Granger had made up with all of her friends. As much as he despised them all for their two-faced mannerisms, the more witches and wizards she had surrounding her, the safer she'd be. If it were up to him, he'd never let them near her again. But Granger's safety came first.

It was so strange, really, when he thought back to even just six months ago. Strange to remember that they were fighting on opposite sides of the war, to think about the fact that he'd spent months feeling guilty for that night at the Manor and before that, years hating her. He remembered all the times he'd called her names and made her feel like Thestral shit about herself simply because he could. All of the negativity in their past, and yet there he was, pressing her against walls in towers.

He didn't want her to want to do everything he said blindly and without hesitation. She was Granger. She was known for following the rules before Seventh Year, and after that? She was known for setting them. And now, because of him, because of his father, this year she'd lost her lumos. He knew she'd never get it back with him in the picture. So even though he yearned for her, even though he missed their banter and the whispered secrets they'd shared before his transformation, he kept his distance. Because that was what the Golden Girl deserved.

Gold. Not Thestral shit.

Pothead apparently believed the same, because Draco encountered him in one of the inner courtyards shortly after Draco's little nap at the owlery.

Draco was walking from one class to another, in a hungry, tired daze, when he saw a familiar tree. It was the tree he'd perched himself within to accost Potter in their Fourth Year, shortly before being turned into a ferret. It wasn't a great memory, therefore it wasn't a tree he associated with anything positive. He looked up at who was in it and sighed heavily, pinching the bridge of his nose.

"Merlin's fuckin' beard," he sighed under his breath. "Get out of the bloody tree, Potter."

Smirking, Scarhead leapt down from the tree and sauntered over to him. "It was funny. Now, come on. Pull out your wand and let's fight. I don't have all day."

Draco stared at him in disbelief, looking around at the empty yard as though a large group of students were going to jump out and tell him he was being pranked.

"Are you joking?"

"Nope," Potty said, withdrawing his wand and lowering into a dueling stance. "It's time for a repeat of Second Year's duel."

Draco stared at him.

"Well, come on, now. Pull out your wand, or pull out your fists," Potter said irritably. "I don't much care. I'm here to fight."

Draco sent a wandless jinx his way so fast that it caught him by surprise, sending him staggering back against the tree trunk. He glared at him and lifted his wand again, but Draco already had his wand out.

"I'm right knackered, Potter," Draco spat out. "I haven't the time to deal with your bizarre obsession with me. What do you want?"

It was Potter's turn to look around incredulously. "Um, to duel you? I would have thought that was clear by the fact that I waited in a tree for you. Shall I pull a Moody and turn you into a ferret? Or do you prefer something less furry and with a forked tongue?"

"You're proper sarcastic, aren't you, Scarhead? I'd rather not duel you. I'm exhausted." He put his wand away and threw his hands out, giving Potter a flourishing bow. "With that, I hope you have a horrid day."

He started off towards his class, but Potter stepped in front of him.

"Fine. We won't duel. Today. But I do wish to have words with you."

Draco's blond eyebrows arched gracefully as he looked down his nose at the shorter wizard. "Words?"

"Regarding Hermione. She's made it quite . . . Clear that you and her plan to remain friendly. And she's upset that whatever wand you've got stuck up your arse isn't seeming to hit you the right way. She thinks perhaps you should adjust your lubrication spell and try again."

Draco deadpanned. "And those were her words?"

"Word for word. That is exactly what she said," Potter said gravely. "Absolutely no deviation."

"Right," Draco drawled, one hand in the pocket of his trousers and the other wrapped around the strap of his satchel. "So get to the point. What's it to you, then?"

"I'm looking out for her. I may not be approving of this abhorrent friendship, but she has been firm in her beliefs that you are worthy of change. Honestly, Malfoy, I don't see it. I still think you're the same tosser you've always been. I think you're foul, loathsome, and deserve another punch to the face to remind you what a wanker you were in Third Year, too. And for that matter -"

"On with it, wanker." Draco rolled his eyes.

Potter was smirking again. "Just being honest. In any case, Hermione's important to me, and I'm here to make sure you understand how fragile she is after the war. If it weren't for her, we never would have found all of the Horcruxes. She saved us more times than we could count, and she has the biggest heart of any of us. If you hurt her, I will kill you. Do you understand me, Malfoy?"

Draco felt his wolf growling, wanting him to shove Potter's glasses down his throat until blood came out of his mouth. Blood he could then consume. His wolf wanted Potter eviscerated on the ground, and then the other part of Draco - the possessive part - wanted to drink every last drop of his blood save for one so he'd be alive long enough for Draco to tell him he'd done it because of Granger.

"Potter, are you blind?"

His eyes narrowed behind his round glasses. "What d'you mean?"

"I mean, have you lost all four of your eyes, or do you just pluck them out every time Granger's standing right in front of you?"

"What's that supposed to mean?!"

Draco loomed over him. "When Granger was supposed to have her so-called best friends there for her this year, you all turned your backs on her. And every time she gets hurt, you're right there to try to pick up the pieces. Well, you didn't manage to pick any of them up, I'm afraid." He jabbed his thumb against his own chest, clenching his teeth. "I was the one who was there for her after Nott attacked her. She asked for me after she was cursed in the owlery. She continues to seek me out again and again, because I've spent this entire school year keeping my eye on her. I destroyed my own friendships for her, in front of everyone, all because you and you bloody bleeding heart Gryffindors couldn't be bothered to stand by her when she made a decision based on that compassion you say makes her so fragile."

Potter stood there, looking stricken for a long moment, and then his shoulders sagged. "I know."

"You know?"

"I know. I hate you, and that's why I hate that it's my fault she was driven to be friends with someone like you. I should have been there for her when -"

"I'm not your diary, Potter," Draco snarled. "And by the way, the feeling is quite fucking mutual."

Potty sighed and held his hands up. "Look, I get it. We hate each other. But now we have something in common, and that's Hermione. And I'm sure you can agree that we both want to find whoever attacked her. We also both know that Crabbe is an issue."

Draco remained silent, his jaw clicking as he clenched his teeth harder.

"It's as I thought, then," Potter said, frowning and crossing his arms over his chest. "Do you have any suspects?"

"Crabbe is my number one suspect," Draco said begrudgingly. "But there's no way to know for sure."

"But you'll keep me informed?"

"I'll do no such thing. Last person I'd ever work with is you. But trust me, when I find who hurt her, everyone will know."

Potter eyed him suspiciously, looking him up and down. "You care for her, don't you?"

Draco forced himself to remain calm, keeping his cold gaze trained upon him. "If I did, then you'd know that whoever hurt her has a lot to be terrified of, wouldn't you?"

Potter smiled bitterly. "Ah, yes. Still practicing dark magic, I presume. I suppose I should have expected that from you, Malfoy. For the record, your father deserves every moment of his thirty-year sentence and I'm going to ensure he serves it, I promise you that. But if it weren't for Hermione making the choice that she did, you wouldn't be here this year. And if you weren't here this year, I'm seeing that Hermione wouldn't have anyone to protect her. Ron and I haven't been good friends to her, and I guess we probably haven't ever treated her exactly as she deserves. I -"

Draco cut in, his tone frosted and icy. "Which is like gold. And again, not your motherfucking diary."

Potter appeared surprised for a moment, looking Draco up and down in appraisal. "Yes. I suppose you're right. Hermione does deserve that. She deserves to be treated like gold, and Ron and I have dropped the Snitch on that one. But I'm seeing now that our friendship was worth more than her making a decision out of compassion that I disagreed with. I am admitting it to you, the person living that I hate the most, that I was wrong and that I'm sorry to you for having to pick up the pieces of her that I broke off."

He turned to leave the small yard and started towards the opposite corridor. Draco was content to watch him go with a sneer on his face when something occurred to him. Something important that not only Potter, but every witch and wizard in that school needed to get straight about his witch.

"Oh, and Potter?"

Potter stopped and turned to look at him.

"Granger's not fragile." Draco adjusted his bag strap on his shoulder. "She's not fucking weak. She's stronger than you, me, Dumbledore, and Voldemort combined. Don't disrespect her like that. You understand?"

Potter stared at him for a long time, a thoughtful expression crossing his face. Then, with a curt nod, he turned and left.

Draco was late to DADA on Wednesday exactly ten days before the next full moon. He'd spent the previous skived-off period in his dorm, mustering up the courage to write to his mother. He'd wanted to tell her what he was and what had happened, but he was ashamed. He didn't know what she would think to find out her beloved, precious Malfoy heir of a son was now a lowly Beast in the eyes of the Ministry and the entire wizarding world. As if his reputation wasn't already worth nothing, being a former Death Eater. He feared she would think him weak, dirty, and unworthy. Unlovable.

He supposed that was where his fear of Muggle-borns had come from as a younger student. He had a fear that he himself was dirty simply for being himself, that he could muddy up his impression in the eyes of his parents, and fail them.

He eventually wrote a generic letter to her, full of lies about good marks and happy times at Hogsmeade. He avoided the subject of Granger altogether, asked after Lucius, and wished his mother a happy All Hallow's. He then met his family owl at his dorm window. Once it was sent, he went to DADA. Even though he was exhausted, he was still loads faster than other students, so he had to force himself to walk as slowly as possible, and he entered the classroom late. His eyes roved over Potter, who he was surprised to see didn't give him anything other than an impassive look, and then he took an empty seat at the back of the classroom.

They talked about magical creatures that day in class, much to Draco's discomfort. Whenever anyone mentioned any sort of supernatural or magical creature, he felt his skin crawl. As though everyone knew what he was and he would be ruined. As it was, Beasts were not permitted to own property, have bank accounts at Gringotts, or possess shares in any companies. Atop that, Beasts and Beings were required to register their status with the Ministry every year, were forced to have a special Trace placed upon them, and were only allowed to perform Ministry-approved spells after school. This wouldn't do for Draco, a wizard who was set to inherit not only his father's company, but the Malfoy Manor, millions of galleons, and who thoroughly enjoyed being able to actually use his Hogwarts education.

As Weasley began to speak about werewolves for the umpteenth time that year, focusing on the dynamics behind werewolf packs when in human form, Draco's mind began to start working. Weasley had stated that Wolfsbane Potion played a large factor in pack dynamics, and that it was an excellent mediator in situations that required two werewolves to overcome a disagreement. While the professor was explaining the benefits of the potion, Draco wondered how accessible it was and if it would be able to help him manage the wolf within him. The lust he experienced was overwhelming but manageable. The anger was not, and it frequently terrified him how dark his thoughts became even when it came to Granger.

After class, he approached the professor.

"Ah, Mr. Malfoy," Weasley said as he shuffled some papers at his desk. "Late again today, were we?"

"Forgive me, professor," Draco said, not feeling the slightest bit apologetic. His eyes roved over the scar on Weasley's face, the one that he'd heard Greyback boasting about in the halls of the Manor. "But I wanted to speak to you about something."

Weasley crossed his arms and perched on the edge of his desk. "All right."

Draco searched his eyes for a moment, wondering how much information he could glean from speaking within the parameters of politeness. "May I speak frankly?"

His eyes narrowed for the slightest of sections before he shrugged again. "Indeed. What's on your mind?"

"I have a few questions. First, I was wondering . . . How does one become a werewolf?"

Weasley pushed his hands through his hair and sighed as though he'd answered the question thousands of times. "Well, there's the obvious, and that's born lycanthropy. One werewolf mates with another, and a werewolf is born. Then, there's the most well-known, and that's via a bite."

"Can they be . . . Scratched?" Draco fingered the strap of his satchel, but his eyes remained unreadable. He didn't want Weasley to suspect him, nor did he want him to know that Draco suspected Crabbe as the cause of his condition.

Weasley paused for a moment. "If the werewolf is in his wolf form and he scratches an individual, yes. In my situation - which I'm sure this is why you're asking - no. A scratch does not cause lycanthropy, but it does cause adverse effects during the full moon cycle such as lethargy or exacerbated moods."

"And is the transformation done at will?"

"No. Only on the full moon, and it is only able to be held at bay by wolfsbane potion, which we spoke about today."

Draco was the next to frown. Crabbe had scratched him with what Draco now knew were claws, but two things didn't add up. Supposing that Crabbe was a werewolf: Crabbe hadn't been in his wolf form, yet he'd had the ability to grow his claws at will and scratch Draco, and he had become a werewolf. At least, half of one; his entire body hadn't transformed.

Draco leaned against the table behind him. "Can a magical creature be turned into a werewolf, and then retain his status as the original creature? What I mean to say is, can two supernatural beings exist in one body? For example, a faerie being bitten by a werewolf, and then subsequently bitten by a vampire. Could that faerie be both werewolf and vampire?"

Weasley's brow furrowed. "That's . . . I would think that would not be unheard of, but that it would not be possible. I would think that the vampire venom would not work on the werewolf, and vice versa."

"And what, pray, would cause a partial transformation?" He knew he was straying dangerously close to outing himself, but he was so starved for information and answers that he pushed it. "Meaning, only parts of the body transforming into their wolf form, and the rest remaining human."

"Nothing. There's no such thing." Weasley's frown was deep as he studied Draco's face. "Mr. Malfoy . . . What is this about?"

"Personal research." The lie rolled off of Draco's Slytherin tongue like smoke, and his silver eyes remained closed off. He wished he could still use Occlumency, but he hadn't been able to use either Occlumency or Legilimency since the symptoms of lycanthropy had begun to manifest in his body.

Well, he had been able to use Legilimency one time, and he was sure it was because his emotions were running so high that it overrode whatever was going on with him. He'd used it the night that Theo attacked Granger, to see her memory.

Weasley's right eyebrow arched. "Well, I hope that I have answered your questions."

"I have more, actually," Draco went on, carding his fingers through his hair. "Today, you spoke during the lecture about Ministry laws regarding werewolves. And I know it is well-known that you were scratched by a werewolf in the castle. Were you also required to register?"

"I was," Weasley responded, twisting his lips in thinly-veiled annoyance. "It's a grey area in the law that has caused my family much heartache. I was required to register, and it is because of Headmistress McGonagall that I hold this post."

"So it's true. No property, no holdings, no money?"

"Even my salary is paid to my wife. Everything must be listed under her name."

Draco couldn't help but imagine Granger's head exploding at the sound of that. She always had been a sap for the disenfranchised, and if she knew the depths that laws regarding magical creatures sank, she'd be miffed.

"And Wolfsbane Potion? How is that acquired?"

Weasley peered at him, and Draco's heart stopped for a moment. Had he been found out? But the moment passed, and the redheaded professor answered.

"It is sold by Ministry-approved sources, mostly in Diagon Alley. It can be brewed at home, but the Ministry holds an embargo and monopoly on all the ingredients used for Wolfsbane Potion. The ingredients are here in limited supply at Hogwarts, in Horace Slughorn's care. Purchasing the potion, for werewolves, is almost impossible."

"Why?"

"Price gouging," Weasley said with a shrug, shifting slightly on his perch. "A week's worth costs 245 galleons - 35 galleons per day. With us being unable to hold employ without registering, and then unable to receive our pay in our name, we are forced to take on payees. Some use their families or significant others. Most are forced to use Ministry-approved payees, and the majority of them are crooked. They've been known to take fees of up to 50 percent of a wolf's salary. It's barbaric."

Draco nodded. Price would be no issue for him. If he didn't buy the Potion, he would buy the ingredients and brew it himself. "I see."

"Any more . . . Questions?" Something in Weasley's scent changed, and Draco knew he was starting to get suspicious.

"Yes, I do," Draco said, choosing his words with care. "You said there are mood changes. Can those mood changes be dangerous for other people?"

Weasley stared at him for a long moment. So long, in fact, that Draco felt his hackles raise and his wolf snarling in his mind. Weasley definitely suspected him. The redheaded wizard stood up, keeping his arms crossed over his chest. He was shorter than Draco, but much broader of shoulder than him, and had his intimidation technique down pat.

"I'm not quite sure I understand what you mean, Mr. Malfoy."

"Hypothetically," Draco said lightly, remaining leaned up against the table, "let's say I'm a werewolf. And I have someone I care about. Is it possible that my mood swings could cause me to hurt them? Would I be conscious and aware that I was hurting them? Would it be intentional?"

"Hypothetically," Weasley repeated slowly.

"Hypothetically."

"Hypothetically, you would be a danger to everyone around you, which is why you'd be required to go to Headmistress McGonagall and start the registration process with the Ministry. You would be unable to control your rage and, without Wolfsbane Potion, unable to control your wolf."

Draco opened his mouth to speak again, but Weasley cut him off. He took slow steps towards him, his eyes never leaving the blond's.

"Let's say you're a werewolf, you're hiding it, and the person you care about is Hermione Granger. Hypothetically, you're a severe danger to her, and you cannot be trusted with her. Hypothetically, I'd be well within my rights to report you to McGonagall and have you removed from this school permanently to keep her safe. Because not only is she my student, but she's my family. And I'll not have anyone harming a hair on her head."

By the time he was done speaking, he was inches away from Draco, and his scent reeked of menacing anger.

Draco held his gaze calmly, his face relaxing into a Pureblood smile. "And this is all, of course, based on theory."

"Mm," Weasley wrinkled his nose, "More like presumptive circumstances."

"Presumptive? Debatable. But I digress. You've made your point clear, sir. I suppose it's a good thing all of this was hypothetical."

Weasley's smile was anything but pure.

"Well, professor, that would imply that Granger is someone that I care about, wouldn't it?"

"Isn't she?"

"Would you like the hypothetical answer or the real one?"

Weasley's eyes scanned his face. "You truly are like your father, Mr. Malfoy. Questions as answers, answers with no truth. Were you a werewolf, I would be nervous to wonder at how powerful you would be. I think that, hypothetically, if you were a werewolf, it would not matter if you cared for her or not. Hermione will always be safer without you."

That makes two of us, Weasley, Draco thought. Then, he stood up to his full height, and Weasley took a step back.

"Do you know if there are any werewolves at Hogwarts this year?" Draco asked.

"All professors are aware of all registered Beasts and Beings," Weasley said, walking back to his desk to gather his things and go to dinner. His tone was clipped, much less amicable than it had been at the start of their conversation, and his scent was threatening to Draco's wolf.

"Is Vincent Crabbe a werewolf?"

Weasley paused, for the briefest of moments, while his hand reached for his briefcase on top of his desk. It was hesitation, and Draco's practiced eye caught it. Weasley then recovered and said, "Mr. Malfoy, I am not at liberty to discuss the personal information of other students with you. You are well aware of this, I'm told by the Headmistress. I suggest you keep your personal research personal, and go about your own business."

"Ah." Draco turned to go.

"Mr. Malfoy."

"Professor?" Draco glanced back at him.

"Do you have something you'd like to tell me?"

"No."

And with that last lie, Draco left the classroom.

The moment he got out into the corridor, he knew something was wrong in the Great Hall.

He heard a cacophony of yelling, jeering, and cheering from the side of the castle he was on. Curious, he stopped and tilted his head, his enhanced hearing picking up as many details as it could. He could hear mostly unfamiliar voices belonging to younger students, a number of familiar Eighth Year voices, and a thoroughly enraged Potter hollering. Then he heard Granger, and she sounded angry. But who was she angry at?

A jolt of realization shot through his body, and then melted into panic.

Crabbe.

According to what was being said, Draco gleaned that something serious was happening. Granger and Crabbe were five moments away from dueling, and Goyle and some other Eighth Year Slytherins had cast a ring of fire around the two of them to keep out Pothead and Weaselbee, as well as any of the professors, and no amount of dousing spells seemed able to put it out. Granger was alone in the circle.

Draco didn't care if anyone saw him. He used his speed to the full extent of his abilities and shot through the castle, rage pulsing along his veins like liquid fire. The walls and stairways passed by him in a blur and when he got to the room of moving staircases, he acted upon instinct. He leapt from landing to landing, soaring through the air in a way that he knew could only be attributed to lycanthropy.

He skidded to a halt in front of the entrance to the Great Hall, robes open to reveal his white button-up, tie, and black trousers. He surveyed the crowd, students all exclaiming with mixed emotions: some in panic because they'd changed their sentiments regarding Granger, some in jest because they hadn't, and some in outrage as they continuously tried to put the fire out. It was pure chaos.

Luna Lovegood rushed out, almost as though she'd sensed Draco's presence, and rushed over to him. "Oh, thank Merlin you're here!"

"What's happened?" Draco growled, his mind preoccupied with Granger's defiant words to Crabbe and the spells they were both slinging back and forth.

"Vincent Crabbe has decided to harm Hermione," Luna said anxiously. "And they're dueling. He hurt her -"

Draco didn't wait for her to finish her sentence. The moment he heard the word "hurt," both parts of his magical core roared to life, swirling together to fill him with pure, unbridled fury. He shoved his way through the crowd, which parted with awed whispers of his name as he headed for the Slytherin end of the Eighth Year table. That table and the Gryffindor table next to it had been toppled over, food and dishes strewn about. The professors, Dean Thomas, and Weaselbee were rushing about, trying every spell they possibly could to put the black flames of Crabbe's protego diabolica out. Behind the towering wall of black flames, he could just barely make out the sight of Granger rolling on the ground and shooting up a protego before aiming a jinx at Crabbe that barely phased him.

"Can you get in there?" Pothead strode up to him, his voice thick with distaste and resignation. "It's clearly dark magic."

Draco glared at him, insulted at the Golden Boy's assumption that he would automatically know how to help. "Clearly."

"I would really prefer saving Hermione before we start bantering."

"Banter?" Draco scoffed. "As if I would banter with you."

Without looking away from Potter, Draco ripped his wand out of his sleeve and hissed, "tenebras exstinguit." As the dark magic burst through the air with vehemence, a hush settled over the Great Hall and hundreds of eyes turned to look at him. A jet stream of dark, inky water shot out from the end of his wand, twisting through the air and around the circle of flames. They were smothered by the darkness, and the moment the flames were out, it distracted both Granger and Crabbe. Crabbe was forced to turn away from her and throw himself up a protection spell to keep McGonagall's petrificus totalus from smashing into his side, giving Granger enough time to crawl backward and Draco to dash forward.

Granger cried out, flailing her arms and legs when he grabbed her under the arms and hauled her to her feet. She was clearly still in battle mode, and when he whirled her around, she screamed.

"Granger, it's me!" he shouted. "Sort yourself out!"

"Let go of me! Let me go!" Granger continued to fight and flail, and Draco honestly couldn't tell if she wanted to be freed because she was scared, or because she wanted to go back to dueling Crabbe. What he did know was that she was acting nutters.

Potter shot forward, misunderstanding the situation. He grabbed at Draco's sleeve, teeth bared in a snarl, all while students started to scream from behind them. Then, they turned and started to flee the Great Hall through the doors, and Granger's eyes widened as they gazed over Draco's shoulder. She stopped struggling, her jaw dropping.

Draco felt all of the hairs rise up on the back of his neck, the scent of hatred and decimation floating towards his nostrils. He spun around in time to see that not only was that Crabbe's scent, but Crabbe had also cast the same fire spell towards them that he'd cast during the Battle of Hogwarts.

Fuck.

"Fiendfyre!" Headmistress McGonagall shouted as she rushed to stand at the back of the fleeing students. She threw up a protection spell larger than any Draco had seen since the Battle of Hogwarts, and began waving her arms. "Students, back into the corridor! Out of the Hall! Quickly, now!"

Granger threw her wand arm out, sidestepping Draco's grip. She screamed, "Protego maxima!" and the same protection spell that McGonagall had cast rolled its way over their heads.

"We have to leave!" Potter roared, grabbing at Granger's hand. The Great Hall was nearly empty, and the destructive, all-encompassing heat of the Fiendfyre was swirling around the Great Hall, eating its way up the tapestries and consuming the floating candles in the inferno. The heat was immense, and Crabbe, Goyle, and the other Slytherins were running straight towards them in their escape.

"This is so fucking deja vu," Draco said, earning a hidden smirk from Potter. Draco tried not to glower at him in the interests of time. He didn't like sharing a "joke" with Granger's precious Potter.

"Move, Harry," Granger said through clenched teeth, shoving Potter aside and turning in a swirl of robes and curly hair. Her eyes were alight with something Draco had only ever seen in the battle against the Death Eaters. "Confringo! Everte Statum!"

The Slytherin next to Crabbe screamed as his robes burst into flames and he went flying backward, hurriedly putting out his robes with an expulso before scrambling to his feet and fleeing both Granger and the Fiendfyre.

Goyle aimed a curse at Draco that narrowly missed due to Draco's wolf perception. He whirled around, holding his wand between two fingers and sending curse after curse flying toward him. He cast them in rapid succession, face unblinking as he whipped around and aimed a dark jinx in the remaining Slytherin's direction.

Suddenly, Granger shrieked and soared through the air, crashing to the ground mere inches from the Fiendfyre that was still growing, absorbing the room. Draco's wolf leapt forward in his mind and he pointed his wand in Crabbe's direction with a series of curses so dark he dared not utter them in front of a professor. Crabbe was forced to put a protective shield up over and over, and while he was preoccupied, Draco ran to Granger's side.

"I'm fine," she snapped, voice shaky as she crawled away from the Fiendfyre and staggered to her feet. She swooned, and Draco smelled the pungent tang of blood. She wore robes, so he couldn't see where it was coming from, but he knew that Crabbe had been aiming to kill tonight. She fell against Draco's arm, clutching her wand, looking determined but grim.

Potter took care of Goyle, hitting him with red and blue sparks as fast as possible.

"Get her out of here!" he hollered over his shoulder.

It took a moment for Draco to realize that Potter was talking to him, and that the three of them, Crabbe, Goyle, and one Slytherin Eighth Year were the only ones remaining in the room. The Fiendfyre was almost to the doors, and they had mere meters remaining between safety and certain death.

Now would be the perfect time to be grateful that I'm a werewolf, he thought.

Draco grabbed Granger's arm and ran at his full speed up the stairs, away from the exit to the courtyard, which was where all of the students were headed in their frantic escape. Granger had no time to protest, as she was gripping onto his forearm with all of her strength.

They stopped in an upper corridor, panting heavily and sucking in the cool air. Draco picked up the sounds of the professors returning to fight the Fiendfyre, shouting about Ministry Aurors having been notified, and he couldn't help but feel relieved for Granger's when he heard Potter hollering beside Professor Weasley.

"Your Potter's made it," Draco said, dusting his robes off.

Granger nodded, shrugging out of her own robes. She wore a white camisole with black cotton leggings underneath it and while Draco's magic seemed to appreciate the sight, his wolf snarled at blood running down her arm. The horizontal gash beneath her shoulder was wide and deep, and the episkey she cast upon it wasn't nearly enough to do more than staunch the blood flow.

Draco forced back his hunger, extreme though it was, and strode to her side. He took her elbow gently and held his wand to the wound. She just watched blankly as he performed a slightly stronger healing spell on it, and he took a shuddering breath. The urge to press his mouth to the wound and lap up the blood was immense, but he refrained for the same exact reason why Professor Weasley had threatened him. Draco didn't want to prove him right.

"What happened?" he asked while the spell knit her skin back together thread by thread. His kept his emotions hidden, his brows low on his head as he contained his desire to run back and locate Crabbe.

She took a deep breath, keeping her eyes on her arm. "He attacked me in the Great Hall. Something about him being tired of waiting for you to do it."

Draco's heart stuttered and he felt his hands shaking from how angry his wolf became. "Waiting for me to kill you?"

"Aye," she spat out bitterly. "I don't know how I know, but he has something to do with everything that's happening to you. I know he does."

Draco was quiet. He didn't want Granger to know the full extent of what he was, but he wanted her to know that she was likely correct. He let her arm go, his fingers lingering against her skin momentarily, and took a step back.

Granger flexed her healed arm, fingering the new scar. Then, she looked up at him with realized surprise. "You . . . We haven't spoken in two weeks, Malfoy. The blood . . . My blood . . . Are you . . . ?"

Draco waved a dismissive, trembling hand and lied.

"I'm fine, Granger."

"You're not fine," she said harshly, and then she pulled out her wand.

"Don't," he warned, his hand lashing out and wrapping around her wrist. "I said I'm fine."

"Malfoy! I think you might be a Veela. And that means you need blood, or you'll wither!"

He closed his eyes, feeling his body reacting to the feeling of her skin beneath his hands. It was too much, so he snatched his hand back. He wished he could tell her why and how he knew he wasn't a Veela. He wished he could just tell her what he was.

"I'm not a Veela, Granger," Draco said, leaning down to pick up her discarded robes. He held them out to her and she took them. "Now, stay here until it's safe to go back down. Wait 10 minutes. I'm going after him."

He turned without looking over his shoulder, and forced himself to walk away. Every step was agony and when he looked down at his hands, the hand that had gripped her elbow was stained with her blood. He wanted it. His veins and his magic screamed at him, pleading with him to at least lick his fingers. He was so, so hungry.

Professor Weasley had been right: Granger was safer without him in her life.

Draco did not find Crabbe, and neither did any of the professors or the Aurors that had come to put out the Fiendfyre contained in the Great Hall by the Headmistress. He searched all over the castle, even on the hill outside leading to the Forbidden Forest, but Crabbe's scent faded out near the edge of the trees. He knew Crabbe wouldn't dare come back, not now that he'd done something that there was no possible way McGonagall could forgive or have her "hands tied" over. It was a bit of a bummer, and his wolf was agitated over the inability to feel Crabbe's skin beneath its claws.

There was no doubt in Draco's mind that the werewolf part of him was caused by Crabbe. He truly believed that Crabbe was a werewolf, and that out of his hatred for Granger, he'd orchestrated some sort of barmy plan. When he thought of the claw marks at the top of the owlery tower parapet, he wondered just how much of Crabbe's daydream about cursing Granger had been true and how much had been just dreaming. He supposed it was because Crabbe sensed that Draco cared for Granger and would lose control and kill her, or that Draco hated her enough to kill her for sport - either one had an outcome that worked in Crabbe's favor.

But that didn't explain Draco's encounter with Crabbe in the corridor the night of the Full Moon. He'd specifically mentioned something that showed he had knowledge of the fact that Draco consumed blood. Did that mean that whatever other portions of him were not werewolf and not human, Crabbe possessed, too?

Were Crabbe and Draco the same type of creature?

No one had any clue where Crabbe had gone, but Draco was sure they hadn't seen the last of him. He didn't think the wards would let him back in, now that he was probably classified as a danger to the school, so Granger was all the safer for it.

The day after the incident in the Great Hall, Draco found that it was even more difficult to avoid Granger and keep starving himself. The duel, though short, had depleted whatever energy remained stored in his body, and thus he had no strength left to put his full reserves into battling his lust for her body and blood. He'd taken to avoiding the Great Hall altogether, and just staying in the common room during breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

He'd entertained the idea that he might be a Veela, but from what he knew of them during passing readings throughout the years, they were usually born, not made, and Draco had possessed no symptoms until after Crabbe scratched him. They also had wings and fangs, neither or which Draco had.

There was a small possibility that Draco could be a Veela, and that the traits had just recently presented sometime after Crabbe scratched him, but he doubted it. Especially after his conversation with Weasley. He assumed that were he a Veela, it would dominate the lycanthropy, and he wouldn't have transformed at all. If he wasn't a Veela, then that meant that Crabbe was both a werewolf and something that consumed blood, and according to Weasley, that would be impossible.

After dinner, while lounging on his bed with his hands folded over his eyes and his mind focusing on anything other than his hunger for blood, his owl tapped at his window with a letter.

My Dragon,

I am glad to hear that your studies are going well and that you are getting along with your friends, but I couldn't help but notice that you made no mention of Hermione Granger's health since I sent the potion you asked for? Is she all right? Please do inform me post-haste, as I have thought of her with concern.

I also have some news, which I hope will find you well.

Due to the duration of your father's sentence, the Ministry has threatened to take over and overthrow his company, seize the Manor, and freeze his Gringotts account. In order to avoid this, your father and I have discussed things and decided that it would be best for you to take hold of the Malfoy empire immediately, as opposed to when you're the age of twenty and one years. I hope this is amenable to you.

Please be at the Ministry of Magic by 10:00am on Saturday, November 30th. You will be meeting with our family lawyer Gareth Greengrass in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement to sign the papers for the ownership of the company and the Manor. Then, you will need to go to Gringotts afterward and sign the papers to complete the processing of the transfer that I started this week. You can go into the Malfoy Association & Trust building at any point to meet with the acting CEO and sign anything leftover that needs be signed.

The most important thing to get done is the trip to see Gareth. The bank transfer process postpones any Ministry interruption for up to 60 days, so if for some reason Headmistress McGonagall can't spare you the time for travel, you can leave the Gringotts visit for later. Gareth has been in contact with your father and knows you're coming, so just check in at the front desk when you arrive.

I wish this didn't have to happen so soon. I wanted to walk through this with you. But your father is adamant that this occurs as soon as possible, and we both believe you are worthy of the Malfoy empire. We also know how stressful this will be with school, so we were hoping you would reconsider finishing your Eighth Year and simply return home.

If you think it is manageable to handle both the estate and your studies, however, feel free to disregard my last note, my love.

Please feel free to decorate and refurnish the Manor as you please. It might be a good idea to host a Christmas event this year, as well. Perhaps renovate the Drawing Room so that it can be filled with good memories, and invite Hermione Granger? I'm sure she would love the snow in the Winter.

All my love,

Mother

Draco let the letter flutter to his chest as shock set his heart to beating. He hadn't expected this, and it was engulfing his sensibilities with trepidation. He hadn't yet had the time to prepare for the takeover. His father had only spoken about it with him briefly over the years. Lucius had always assured him that he or Narcissa would be by his side to walk him through the transfers when he turned 21. Now, everything was different. Draco was going to have to be an adult before he was ready to be, and he was concerned he might mess everything up.

Especially since he'd be hiding his status as a Beast not only from the Ministry, but his family as well.

He couldn't help but feel a bit confused and disgruntled about his mother's blatant interest in Granger. She wanted him to invite her to the Manor? Malfoys were known for hosting immaculate holiday events for the higher-up Pureblood wizards to attend. How would Granger be treated amongst Purebloods if he invited her and decided to host one? And how would she feel about being whisked about the room that had haunted her dreams for months? He highly doubted a renovation of the Drawing Room would be enough to siphon her screams out of his own nightmares, nor enough to eradicate the trauma from hers.

He would take up the mantle, though, because it was what he'd been working his whole life for. Even though his true wish was to become an Auror, he would stay loyal to his family and his parents. The last thing they needed was for Draco to throw their life's work away for a silly fancy that could never be. As if the Auror Department would hire an ex-Death Eater who chose to keep his Marked arm rather than sever it like the Wizengamot had suggested.

Draco couldn't help but wonder. Would his parents still think him worthy if they knew he was a werewolf?

He quickly wrote a note to McGonagall to inform her that he'd be leaving for home for the weekend for a family emergency, gave it to his owl, and stared blankly out the window after it until the sun went down.

The first day of the November full moon cycle was on Friday, and he didn't know if he felt worse or better about the fact that he'd be in the Manor for his second transformation. What he did know was that he was petrified.

Later that night, a knock came at his door, rousing him from the light, fitful doze he'd fallen into. He answered the door in naught but his trousers, surprised to see Granger standing there in her typical leggings and an oversized maroon Gryffindor team Quidditch shirt. He barely had time to move aside before she burst in through the open doorway, looking annoyed. He slammed his door shut and turned to glower at her through the darkness.

"Granger, while normally I'd be ecstatic to see you in an overlarge Quidditch jersey, I had imagined it would be more of a green color," he drawled.

She opened her mouth and then gave him a strange look. "Which is more bizarre? You imagining me in jerseys, or you being ecstatic to see me?"

He blanched. Damage control, you fucking tosser. "Don't flatter yourself, witch. I'd be ecstatic to see any bird at my dorm room door after dark. I'll fuck any quim with legs."

Granger scowled in disgust, but Draco felt it was better for her to think the worst of him than to know that the only bird he wanted in his dorm was her.

"Merlin, Malfoy, you can be quite foul when you want to be."

"Just staying true to my character." He crossed his arms. "Now, you can lea -"

"Save it," she hissed, in the process of pinning her hair up into the nest he despised so much. "I've decided not to let you wither away and die. We don't know if you're a Veela, but since it's so highly likely that you are, I think it's high time you ate something."

"Granger, don't -" His snarl was choked off in his throat as she wordlessly sliced her pulse point open with her wand. Fuck, this is bad. This is bad.

"You can't be trusted with your own safety anymore," she said angrily. "So perhaps you can be trusted with mine."

The second the blood began to pour from the wound, he couldn't hold himself back anymore. He'd been barely surviving for two weeks, torturing himself as he wandered the castle like a shell of himself, smelling freesia everywhere. He flashed across the room and slammed her up against the wall, snarling ravenously as he latched his mouth to her open wound. He held her shoulder with one hand and tangled his fingers in the hair of the other, yanking her head to the side to provide himself with better access. She whimpered in pain at his voracious feeding, but he was too far gone to notice. Too far gone to stop.

"Fuck you," he snarled hoarsely when he came up for air. Then, when a wave of euphoria washed over him as the blood finally settled into his system, he moaned and ran his hands down her sides, pulling her up onto the tips of her toes by the hips. "Fuck you, I said I was fine!"

"You w-were withering," she panted, her words coming out in breathy sounds as his mouth closed over the gash again. "I h-had to make a d-decision."

"More. I want more," he gasped desperately, his eyes wild with frenzy. "More of you. Now."

"T-Take . . . Whatever you . . . Ah . . . Need." She whimpered as his lips and tongue tasted her blood and skin.

Draco was lost to the bloodlust. He hardly heard or understood what she said. He just knew he'd gotten an answer, and his magic told him it was consent. He lifted her up and tossed her face-first onto the bed, watching her for a moment as she lifted herself on her hands and knees to try and flip over. He threw himself against her, his hips grinding into her from behind, hands slipping under the front of her jumper as her hair tumbled down from the haphazardly placed pins.

Granger moaned when his hands covered her breasts through her shirt. He was unable to stop himself from caressing her and gasping into her ear. Her blood was still dripping from the small cut in her neck, staining his green blankets with dark crimson droplets. He felt like it had been so long, too long, and he needed . . . Wanted . . . He ran his tongue along the wound, and her hips jerked against the mattress. The fingers of her right hand dug into the comforter by her head.

"You're fucking mine," he snarled into her ear, the fingers of his left hand lacing with hers. "Aren't you?"

"Yes," she sighed, her chest arching into his hand and her fingers squeezing his tightly. He felt her legs moving, her thighs sliding against his, and his heart pounded in response against her warm back.

The feelings that were coursing through Draco's veins, while similar to the night of the full moon, were a lot more intact and conscious than that night. He knew what he was doing, what he was making her feel. The wolf was in the background, licking its chops and growling. The lust had risen up within him, wrapping magic around him that drove his hand further down, pushing his fingers between her pelvis and the mattress.

"You want me to touch you, don't you, witch?" His voice was a ragged, coarse breath in her ear, punctuated by the nips of his teeth. She lifted her hips as much as she could beneath him, so his hand could slip closer to the apex of her thighs. He moved slowly, teasing her as he drew nearer. He wanted to touch her. His magic wanted him to touch her. His wolf wanted him to touch her. Draco wanted to feel her, stroke her into submission, hear her stifling her cries of pleasure in the blankets.

"Ah, Draco, yes," she pleaded, her voice a wanton sigh. She pushed her hips downward, struggling to get closer to him. Draco brushed the tips of his fingers lightly, ever-so-lightly, against her core outside of her leggings and she moaned so loudly it caused a flush to rise to his cheeks.

"Spread your legs for me, love," he whispered, lifting his hips slightly to provide more space for her to do so. "Mm, good girl. You're so good, aren't you?"

Before she could answer, he gripped her womanhood fully over her leggings, groaning into her ear from behind as he felt her heat. He massaged her tenderly, feeling how wet she was even through the fabric, and he covered the wound on her throat with his swollen lips. He suckled at her flesh, drawing the blood out and into his waiting mouth, feeling her hips grinding in time with the movements of his hand. The taste of her blood overwhelmed him for a moment and his rutting hand stilled as he drowned in it.

"M-Malfoy . . . Draco, don't stop," she moaned, her pelvis rolling. She sounded near tears.

He felt his body burning with desire, all of the blood in his own body flowing directly to his nether regions, and he growled against her ear.

"What's that? Don't what?"

"Please don't stop," she said, squeezing their still-intertwined fingers. Her entire body trembled, and he felt more heat emanating from her core than before.

"I don't know," he murmured, and then he kissed a scorching hot trail down the side of her throat. She cried out and went limp, and Draco thought his fingers were going to go numb from how hard she was gripping them. "Are you gonna be a good little witch for me? Are you gonna do whatever I say?"

"Anyth - Merlin - please." Her words came out as strangled sobs as he used his forefingers to rub small, firm circles over where he knew her most sensitive spot was.

Draco felt faint. He'd never wanted to be with anyone more than he wanted to be with this girl, and everything she did and said - it was perfect. It was just damn perfect.

"Tell me you want me to make you come," he breathed out, his mind spinning with freesia and fervor and Hermione. "Oh, fuck, please tell me you want me to."

"I want you to," she moaned, the hand that wasn't wrapped around his own curling tightly in the blanket. Her thighs shivered and twitched as her hips jerked against his hand. He touched her relentlessly, until her hair was starting to come undone and she was pleading with him in a near-delirium.

"Draco, please. I'm so cl-close. I'm - I'll be . . . G-Good, I swear, I swear."

Draco felt like he was going to lose it. He wasn't even interested in her blood anymore. He was only interested in her sweet moans and choked-out words, only interested in the way she did and said whatever he wanted. He wanted to make her come so fucking bad but he needed to hear her say it. He needed to hear her beg for it. His hand moved up, aiming to slip beneath the waistband of her knickers, and he moaned into her ear.

"Say you want it."

Draco didn't realize what a huge mistake he'd made until she burst out crying.

"Stop, please!" she screamed, hysterical, her body completely rigid. "Please, please!"

Draco yanked himself back from her, and the moment he did, she scrambled to the end of the bed. She fell to the floor and scooted to put her back against the wall, hugging her knees tightly to her chest. He sat there, confused, until realization slowly dawned on him.

Theo.

He ran a hand through his hair and got off the bed, slowly padding over to where she was curled up, weeping. Her hair was all over the place, half up and half down, and blood was still trickling from the wound on her neck. Tears streaked her face like rivers of pure despair, and she looked like a dam that had been holding back her distress had finally broken.

"Granger . . . ?" He held up his hands and sat across from her a safe distance, his back to the bed frame. He wasn't one to apologize, but what he'd said was . . . Fucked. She deserved an apology. "Forgive me, all right? I forgot . . . I didn't think . . ."

They sat there in silence for a long moment, Draco's eyes watching her as her shoulders shook, her hair cascading around her curled body as if to hide it. He didn't know what to do, or how to fix it. He hadn't been thinking clearly, had given himself over to the lustful side of himself, and to the blood. He'd been speaking from that place inside of him, not the logical place.

This was exactly why he hadn't wanted her to stay in contact with him. This was why he'd avoided her for weeks.

"I'm sorry," she whispered through her tears after ten minutes or so. "I shouldn't be so . . . Weak, I . . ."

"Hey," he said firmly, his voice soft. He slowly crawled over to her side. "You're not weak. I shouldn't have been so . . . Aggressive. I shouldn't have said that."

She sniffled and looked up at him for a moment, and she looked so small and scared that he automatically slipped his arms around her shoulders. She remained frozen, not leaning in but not leaning away, and lowered her head again.

"I feel weak."

"Well, you're not," he said, taking her chin in his hand and tilting her face upward. He searched her eyes, furrowing his brow. "You are disobedient, though. I told you I was fine."

"I wasn't just going to let you die." Then, she gave him a small, tear-stained smile. "And you can be aggressive, I . . . Liked it. And you did get my consent. I just . . . It caught me by surprise."

Draco felt his magic shiver at her words, but he kept himself calm and removed his hand from her chin and his arm from her shoulders. "I wouldn't have died."

"If you're a Veela, you will wither away and die without blood," she said matter-of-factly, her voice thickened from crying. She wiped the last of the tears from underneath her eyes. "I told you, I have been doing quite a bit of research, and I've found out a lot more about your possible condition."

He wanted to tell her he was a werewolf and that he didn't know why he required blood, but he didn't know for sure himself. Even though Weasley had said it wasn't possible, what if it was? What if Draco was a Veela and a werewolf? He didn't know, but what he did know was that he blamed all three parts of himself for hurting Granger in the exact way he feared he would - Veela, werewolf, or wizard.

"This can't happen again," he said in a muted tone, tapping his finger against the wooden floor absentmindedly.

"You're right," she said with another sniffle. "And that's why you need to feed from me regularly. If you miss even one day, it puts you at risk. Over two weeks, it even more of a risk."

"The only one at risk is you," he mumbled, eyes on the floor. "From me."

"No," she said, and he felt her palm against his cheek, turning his head towards her. He found that he couldn't look away, even though he felt a desperate need to. "It's not your fault what Theo's done. I feel safe with you, Malfoy."

He felt the same feeling come over him that he'd felt on the owlery stairs, when he'd curled into her and surrendered to sleep. The self-loathing was palpable in his body, and if it weren't for the fact that he didn't believe he so much as deserved to touch her, he would have wrapped his arms around her and held her for the rest of the night.

But she was right. If he deprived himself, it would only happen again. He had impeccable self control, but he was a magical creature now. He didn't answer to his self-control. He answered to blood. The blood of his witch.

"This weekend, I have to go to the Manor," he said finally. "If you're sincere and determined about this, then perhaps you could prepare some of your blood for me to take with me."

Granger was silent for a moment, and then she dropped her hand back to her lap. "Or perhaps I could go with you? When do you leave?"

He stared at her for a second. He wanted to tell her no. He knew it was best for him to continue to stay away. It was better for her to watch him wither than to suffer more nights that ended in tears. Tears caused by him.

But he couldn't. He didn't think he wanted to be where he couldn't feel her, smell her scent, or see her for longer than a day, especially not in the place that was filled with so many sad memories for him. Not on the full moon. He didn't want to face another transformation alone.

"I leave the day after tomorrow. On Friday. Three days at the Manor, and I have some errands to run."

"Then it's settled," she said, pulling out her wand to heal and clean her neck. "I'll write to Headmistress McGonagall and tell her I'm to go with you. And on the train, we'll have plenty to discuss."

"We will?"

She stood up, shifting a bit from foot to foot as though she were uncomfortable in her clothes. Draco knew why, but there was no way he was going to try anything intimate with her again tonight.

"Of course," she said. "I've got to share my research with you."

Draco stood, too, walking to the door to open it for her like the perfect example of a Pureblood wizard. As she walked by him to the doorway, facing the darkness of the hallway, he reached out and brushed her hair back over her shoulder. She turned to face him, appearing troubled for a moment, and then she stepped forward. Draco sucked his breath in between his teeth when she placed one hand on his shoulder and the other on his jaw. His eyelids fluttered closed as she pulled herself up on tip-toes and pressed a soft, gentle kiss to the apple of his cheek.

"Sleep well, Malfoy," she whispered, and then she was gone.

He did not.




 

 

Invisible


Do You Love Me? By TaeYeon, Pool by Paramore, Chemical Fires by Tides of Man, Miracle by Paramore, Death of Me by PVRIS, Aria by Kalafina, and The Greatest Lie by Circa Survive

Hermione POV

Hermione woke the following morning with mixed emotions.

On the one hand, she was a bit excited. She knew now that she fancied Malfoy, and the thought of spending an entire weekend at his home was nothing if not enthralling. When she thought about the way things had been progressing, of the reason why she was going with him, it sent a thrill through her body. She didn't know what would happen when she was there, but she had a feeling that things would be very different when they returned to Hogwarts on Monday.

On the other, she felt apprehensive. She hadn't set foot in the Manor since the night Bellatrix taught Hermione exactly where Voldemort's followers believed she belonged. Her memories of it were limited to the Drawing Room, the dungeons, and the fireplace where Malfoy's family had stood and watched her suffer. She wasn't too keen on returning to that place, and she fully planned to avoid it. Hermione hoped Malfoy understood and didn't have any sort of reason for needing her to go in there. She was strong, but she wasn't sure she was strong enough for that. Some things were better left in nightmares and dreams, and that included the Drawing Room of the Manor.

Spending weeks without speaking to Malfoy had been strange, considering the nature of their something. She knew that he'd made his decision to cut contact out of what he believed was a necessity, and while it had hurt, she'd respected it.

At first.

When she saw him beginning to wither, getting paler and thinner as the days went by, she'd feared for him. What if he was a Veela and he was dying because of it? When he'd found her in the Library and then again in the owlery stairwell, she'd seen the desperation in his eyes. It clung to him like a second skin, dark shadows of starvation urging him to beg her for it.

Malfoy truly was an enigma, and Hermione couldn't possibly hope to understand how his mind worked. He was passionate and protective one moment, vicious and threatening the next, and he made Hermione feel like a completely different person. He made her feel alive with desire, aflame with anger, and wild with concern, all at once, and she wasn't sure he quite understood how right he'd been in the stairwell. She didn't know why she did whatever he said when he touched her; she just knew that it made her womb clench when his lips brushed her skin, and her skin prickle and ignite when his hands covered her breasts. Hermione felt like she was riding on the back of an Abraxan where Malfoy was concerned, never knowing whether or not he was going to find her in the halls, or if he was going to pin her to the wall. She found herself getting antsier, more anxious as the two weeks passed, to the point where she started leaving her dorm door unlocked in the hopes that he would slink in.

Hermione had never been the wanton type. She'd always been more focused on her studies and where wizards were concerned, she'd been practical. She'd always felt like if romance was on the horizon for her, it would happen when she was older. It was no secret that her knowledge irked many of the students at Hogwarts, and while she enjoyed wearing the latest fashions, her clothing was rather Muggle and confusing to many. Wizards weren't exactly knocking her door down. Theo's attention had been appreciated but surprising, because she hadn't expected to be noticed by anyone, and that ended awfully so that wasn't exactly an indication of her sex appeal.

She'd had sex before with Krum in a very awkward, "I am doing this but I sort-of wish it was over," way in Fourth Year, and then a few times with Ron that ended as soon as he was done. The only time she'd ever experienced true pleasure, besides with herself, was with Malfoy. He made her feel like shucking all of her clothing with just one dark, smoldering look, and it terrified her. She didn't like feeling out of control, but that's how he made her feel. She hardly knew him on a deeper level, but she felt like they had an intimacy that she'd never been through with anyone in her entire life. An intimacy that she'd only read about in sappy Muggle romance novels.

However, she couldn't help but feel dismayed. Because if Malfoy was a Veela, then there was no way to know if her affections were true or not. She knew she fancied him, but did he fancy her in return? Or was it just her blood that he desired? Last night, it certainly felt like he'd wanted her and not just her blood, but she couldn't be sure.

Hermione had been physically attracted to Malfoy before his symptoms started. She would have had to have been blind in Fourth Year if she didn't notice his dashing looks back then, and in Sixth Year she'd caught herself staring at him more often than not. She remembered one specific instance during that particular year where he'd been forced to sit beside her in a morning class because he was late, and she'd been so absorbed in the smell of his spearmint toothpaste wafting over that the professor had to rap his wand against her knuckles to snap her out of her reverie. It was mortifying, but Malfoy barely noticed or reacted; he was miserable that year.

Physical attraction, however, meant nothing where love was concerned. She was certain she didn't love him, but she did know that she fancied the parts of him that she'd been allowed to see. The parts of himself that his upbringing had hardened him to. His protectiveness was a shield for his selflessness. His anger was a shield for his depth of emotion. His fervor was a shield for his compassion. He felt more than just something for her, she was sure of it.

When Crabbe had attacked her in the Great Hall, Hermione automatically thought of Malfoy. Just as with every time she was in distress, she thought of him and hoped that he would appear. And he did, as she was scrambling backward from Crabbe's onslaught. She didn't know what she was hoping he would do; she could protect herself in a duel. But when he'd looked down into her eyes, telling her to sort herself out, she'd felt relief. As if now, now she could finally fight with the confidence of knowing that nothing bad would happen to her.

She was glad Crabbe was gone, too. She'd been petrified of him ever since the duel in the common room between him, Malfoy, and she, and when he'd accosted her at dinner, she'd almost fainted from fear. If it weren't for Luna and all of her friends rallying around her, she might have faltered. But because of them, she'd had the strength to stand up to him. She just hadn't expected him to fling a jinx at her, and she certainly hadn't expected Goyle and the other Slytherins to get involved, either. The next thing she knew, the entire Great Hall had erupted into chaos, and it became clear to Hermione that Vincent Crabbe cared not one iota for his education, and cared everything for what he believed she had done wrong to him.

Hermione didn't understand why he'd taken her choice to help Malfoy so personally. No one had expected her to speak for Lucius, so why would Crabbe be angry that she hadn't spoken for his father? Goyle hadn't seemed to have anything to say to her about it, and neither had any of the other Death Eaters' children. What was different about Crabbe?

The more Hermione thought about it the morning after her incident with Malfoy in his dormitory, the more nervous she got. It went from "what was different" to "where is he", and by the time she was ready to go down to breakfast, she was shaking. She slipped into her robes and trainers and then crept out into the hallway, looking around. The girls' dorm stairs weren't blocked off to the boys, so it would be simple enough for Crabbe to walk up them and come for her. She thought back to a couple weeks ago, when she'd heard the footsteps outside the common room, and her stomach twisted nervously. What if that had been Crabbe all along?

Hermione took deep breaths as she walked down the stairs. Students were gathered in groups, all discussing random smatterings of things. Her eyes scanned the crowd, sweeping amongst the sea of faces. She tried not to think about the fact that they still hadn't found the person who'd crucioed her, making her way carefully through the crowd.

"Morning, Hermione." Ron placed his hand on Hermione's shoulder from behind, and even though she'd heard his voice beforehand, the movement still caused her to flinch.

"Oh! Good morning, Ronald," she said, holding a hand over her jumping heart. "Where's Luna?"

"She's meeting me in the Great Hall," he said. "Would you like to walk together?"

"Sure."

They settled into an easy conversation as they headed out of the portrait and down the corridor. Hermione felt content with their friendship being the way it was, reverting to a new normal that didn't revolve around anger and misunderstanding. He was different with Luna, and Hermione was sure that Luna's easygoing, understanding nature had calmed him considerably from the short-tempered boy he used to be.

"Have things gotten better with you and the ferret?" Ron asked, the hem of his robes trailing the stone floor as they walked.

Hermione hesitated. She didn't know if he truly had accepted her friendship with Draco Malfoy, if you could call it that, or if he was fishing for information. "I'm not sure. I suspect I will know for certain by Monday."

"By Monday?" He looked perplexed. "What's on Monday, then?"

"I am leaving for the weekend with him to visit the Manor," she said carefully. "He needs my help with something. A project, of sorts."

Ron was quiet for a long moment and when Hermione glanced over at him, she could see that he didn't look happy to hear this news. He seemed to be attempting, at least, to stay calm.

"Does Harry know you're going on holiday with Malfoy?" he asked, and the words were a near-hiss. "Because I think he'll probably feel the same way I do now, when he finds out."

"I thought we were past this, Ron."

"And I thought you were never in a relationship with him," Ron said as they stepped onto a moving staircase.

"I wasn't," she said, then quickly added, "That is to say, I'm not. He needs my help with a project, and he has important errands to run at home. So I offered to come along."

It wasn't the truth, not the whole truth, but it was the best she could manage. If he was this angry about the prospect of her staying at the Malfoy Manor for what he thought was a project, then how would he feel if he knew she was going so that she could provide him with blood to drink?

Hermione had a feeling that wouldn't be the only thing that happened.

"Harry will have to cope," Hermione said. "And so will you."

Ron's answer was to scoff.

The Great Hall was full to the brim with happily-eating students, all enjoying the food and the newly-renovated Great Hall. Hermione's eyes swept over the Slytherin end of the Eighth Year table. She was wholly unsurprised to see that not only was Goyle not present, but Daphne and Pansy were glaring daggers at her. Blaise was there by himself, reading the Prophet and Malfoy wasn't there, so Hermione resolved to keep an eye on the door until he arrived. She planned to ask him if he could discuss the details of the trip with her, so she knew when to set her wand alarm. She and Ron took their seats on either side of Luna, who brightened considerably when she saw them.

"All right, Granger?" Seamus asked over the top of the Prophet.

"I'm quite well, thank you, Seamus," Hermione said with a smile as she buttered her bread. "How did you fare on your Arithmancy exam?"

"Excellent," he said with a wide grin. He flipped the page. "Thanks to that beautiful mind of yours. Thank you for the help."

"It was no trouble," Hermione said, her eyes darting to the entrance of the Great Hall. She didn't even know if he would appear, since he hadn't been to mealtimes in over a week, but she had hoped that he would since he'd fed the previous night.

"Reading the Prophet?" Dean asked as he slid into the bench. He shook his head. "Things are getting bloody tense. Did you read the headline?"

"Yeah," Seamus answered, shaking his head. "Right shame, innit?"

Hermione, curiosity piqued, tore her eyes away from the doors and set her toast down. "What? What's happened?"

Seamus and Dean both looked at her, about to speak, but Hermione was impatient. She leaned over and snatched the paper out of Seamus's hands.

"Oi!" he exclaimed. "I was readin' that, you nutter!"

"And now I am," Hermione said, her eyes scanning the front page. "It says, 'Death Eaters' Estate Manager Advocates for Werewolf Rights. On November 27, 2019, Fenrir Greyback, the owner and financial manager of all imprisoned Death Eater estates attended his first Wizengamot hearing to begin discussions to ratify new laws regarding werewolves and other Beasts. Talks did not appear to proceed positively.'"

Hermione lifted her head, gazing across the table at Seamus in troubled thought. She'd studied werewolves and magical creatures, and she knew they needed to make new, more fair laws as soon as possible. But the knowledge that it was Fenrir Greyback that was working on the reform bothered her. He was, in her opinion, pure evil. She looked back down at the article, hearing Ron chuckling from her left.

"She'll give it back to you, Seamus, don't worry," he said. "Hermione's just a bit of a bleedin' heart when it comes to magical creatures."

Hermione gasped. "Listen to this! The author writes, 'As of January 1st, 2019, all werewolves were required to surrender all of their assets for registration with the Ministry. Many were returned less than half of the sum total of items they surrendered, the Ministry citing that the items were not Ministry-approved. Many of the werewolves lost their brooms, their Floo powder, their wands, and their supplies of home-brewed Wolfsbane Potion.' That's absolutely barbaric! How can the Ministry expect werewolves to survive without Wolfsbane Potion? Their wands?"

"I reckon they'll start banning magic usage for werewolves soon," Seamus said, reaching for his paper.

Hermione held it out of his reach. "It's wrong for them to treat werewolves this way. Is this how it's always been?"

"Unfortunately," Luna said sadly. "Werewolves are classified as Beasts, and Beasts already have specific laws in place to keep them under control. But since werewolves are the most dangerous, according to the Ministry, the laws are prepared quickly and in abundance."

Hermione felt speechless. It was more than barbaric. It was primitive. The Ministry was acting out of fear and cruelty. Wolves already had to suffer through the curse of lycanthropy. They didn't deserve to have to suffer through the curses of extreme poverty and ostracization.

"Werewolves are more feared than any other supernatural or magical creature," Dean said. "Did y'know? And even though I'm not fond of Fenrir Greyback myself, I do support werewolf rights and law reform. It's why I'm applying for the Magical Law Academy after graduation."

Hermione finished the article, reading about how poor the outlook was for Greyback's mission. She wasn't fond of Greyback either - he horrified her and haunted her nightmares - but what he was setting out to accomplish was necessary. If he was using the Death Eaters' estates to fund a better life for werewolves, well she couldn't exactly argue with that. Remus had been her absolute favorite professor, and an upstanding man. If the laws were as bad as them confiscating necessities, then his life had to have been made that much harder. She'd seen the patches in his trousers, the threadbare silk of his dress shirts in class.

She just wished Fenrir Greyback hadn't made it so perfectly clear, that night in the Manor, that he wanted to rape the witch out of her, and then consume her Muggle flesh.

"Mind, y'know, handing that back now?" Seamus asked, arm stretching out.

Hermione folded the paper horizontally and started to hand it back to him when her eyes caught sight of the second headline on the bottom of the front page. Her jaw dropped.

Fenrir Greyback was in the news for more than just one generous gesture.

"Merlin's beard!" she exclaimed. "'Missing bodies found; Greyback donates funeral costs'?!"

"Oh, yeah," Seamus said. "That. Yeah, he seems to be making amends, in his own roundabout way."

"Not that a tosser like that could ever make amends for what he's done," Ron muttered, shooting Hermione a sidelong glance.

Hermione tried not to think about Fenrir's disgusting words to her that night at the Manor, which Ron, Harry, and Luna had heard from the Manor dungeon, and then she continued to read. It turned out that a whole slew of missing magical creatures' bodies had been found in the Thames, all of them drained of blood, shaved clean of hair, skinned, and missing various organs. What few could be identified had been identified, all Muggles had been obliviated, and all bodies returned to their respective families via their magic IDs. Fenrir Greyback had personally funded not only the investigation, but the memorial costs.

"That's dedication to the cause," Hermione said, her brow furrowed. "So he's awarded custody of Death Eater estates, and then immediately puts it to use advocating for all magical creatures, like him."

"Sounds brilliant," Dean said, "but knowing how high up the Voldemort chain he was, I doubt his intentions are pure."

"I agree," Hermione said, reading the rest of the article. "I don't think he has pure intentions at all. But everything he's done has been philanthropic, so the real question is . . ."

"What's his intentions?" Ron finished, and the group of friends stared at each other for a moment.

"My father's spoke of something odd," Luna suddenly said, breaking the nervous silence. She was cutting her bangers into small medallions. "You see, he works in the Records & Registration section of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. He oversees and catalogs all Being, Beast, and Spirit registrations, as well as their asset deeds and titles."

"Oh?" Hermione turned to her. "I had thought he edited The Quibbler?"

Luna smiled softly. "He used to, but . . . After the war, things were tough. Voldemort destroyed our home, and he needed to make a salary to afford a new flat in wizarding London. So he took a position as Recordkeeper."

"I see," Hermione replied.

"Can't say I'm too sad to see that tosh go," Seamus muttered to Dean, who smacked him on the back of the head with a bread roll. He shot him a dirty look.

"Ignore him, Luna," Ron said, leaning down to press a kiss to the side of her head. "He's always been a bit mental."

"Oi!" Seamus growled, and everyone laughed.

Hermione stifled a giggle, finding it refreshing to be enjoying a morning with her friends after so long. This was what she'd been hoping to have in her Eighth Year; not lonely mealtimes spent staring at her plate and listening to herself being gossiped about like a walking tabloid. This was what she and Harry and everyone else had fought for last year: the chance to return to normalcy with the lingering fear of Voldemort listing over their heads.

"So what did your father say, then?" Dean asked.

Luna turned her dreamlike gaze on him. "You see, the Ministry has individual classifications for each creature, and the registration forms must reflect the proper classification. Classifications such as vampire, goblin, pixie, centaurs, etcetera. But there is one section that is reserved for unclassified creatures. 'Other' - basically, creatures such as the Sphinx or the American Sasquatch."

"Creatures that only have one member of the species," Hermione said, nodding in understanding.

"Yes," Luna continued, "and those are so few and far-between that those types of forms are rarely seen. But a few weeks ago, my father wrote me and said that he was in awe of how many registration forms with the species listed as Other had been turned in that day alone. He'd thought nothing of it, and then just yesterday, he sent me a letter stating there's a total of 1,289 creatures listed under Other in the files now."

Hermione frowned. "How many were there before?"

Luna scooped up some mash, placed a medallion on top of it, and ate it. "34."

Hermione, Ron, Seamus, and Dean sent a collective gasp up to the ceiling. Everyone leaned in closer.

"34? That's an increase of . . . 1,255 creatures in just three weeks," Hermione whispered, as though it were some large secret. "How is this flying under Minister Shacklebolt's radar?"

"My father attempted to report the influx to his superior, but was told there was nothing to worry about, and that sudden influxes were normal," Luna explained, lazily playing with a strand of her blonde hair. "But my father wrote in his letter to me that influxes are only normal for multi-numbered species, due to breeding. A species of one implies that breeding is not involved, and that -"

"The creature is Ethereal," Hermione finished, remembering what she'd read in books about magical creatures. She bit her lower lip, continuing to frown at the table top. How could something that seemed so bizarre, so important be considered "nothing to worry about?" How could so many single-number species crop up into existence in the past week?

"Bloody Hell," Ron finally said. "I'm not surprised that department's corrupt, too. The entire Ministry is a bit dodgy. My father works in the Muggle department and not two weeks ago, his superior told him he wasn't allowed to read Muggle books on his lunch break."

Everyone stared at him.

"It's not . . . It's not quite the same thing, Ronald," Hermione said, grimacing.

She knew Ron meant well, but what Luna's father was referencing was a potentially massive corporate corruption that could be leading to something none of them had any understanding of. Because the fact remained that Fenrir Greyback was not a kind, nor a philanthropic wolf. He was vicious and he danced in the disemboweled entrails of his prey before devouring them. It was a wonder he'd escaped imprisonment, but with the tension and publicity of the Death Eaters' trials, no one had seemed to seek after him as vehemently as they had them. Hermione still had violent nightmares of the final battle the previous year, when she'd nearly run into a corridor where she'd seen him tearing out the throat of Lavender Brown.

Whatever Fenrir Greyback intended to do with those estates, however he'd managed to acquire them and evade Azkaban, it couldn't be good.

"I need to go to the Library," Hermione announced. "I've got to do some research."

Without so much as a goodbye, and forgetting to look and see if Malfoy had come to breakfast or not, she dashed off to begin researching.

When she got to the Library, she practically fell over Madam Pince's desk in her haste.

"Miss Granger," Madam Pince said brightly. "What can I do for you?"

"Books on magical law," Hermione panted, trying to catch her breath. "And werewolves. Anything you have that is recent."

"Certainly," Madam Pince said. "You're fortunate to have come today. Just a week ago or so, the student who'd checked out all of the werewolf books in the entire supernatural creatures section returned them - I think it was the evening I allowed you to stay late. Do you recall?"

"Yes," Hermione said, remembering the sneer she'd exchanged with Pansy. She wondered why Pansy could have need of all the werewolf books in the entire Library, but was too preoccupied with the Prophet articles and Luna's information to dwell on it.

"If you'll follow me, I think I have just the books you're looking for . . ."

Madam Pince led Hermione through the stacks, chatting amiably as she went. Hermione tuned her out, trying not to trip over her robes in her enthusiasm to start digging. She wanted to learn as much as she could about the general laws that were in place for magical creatures, the specific laws designed for werewolves, and then she wanted to compare the two. She didn't know how she knew, but she had a feeling that Fenrir Greyback had intentions that were worse than ill. In her heart, she had that same inkling that she'd had long ago, when Harry returned with Cedric's body.

Something was coming.

"Ah, here we are. This book is perfect." Madam Pince handed a rather heavy book to Hermione.

Hermione read the title aloud. "Magical Law: Spirits, Beasts, and Beings.A comprehensive, full encyclopedia of all wizarding law in regards to magical creatures. Thank you, Madam Pince. This is exactly what I'm looking for."

"It was my pleasure," Madam Pince said, patting Hermione's cheek. "Now, the werewolf books. I'm sure you recall where to locate them?"

Hermione nodded, and then the two women went their separate ways. Hermione lugged the tome with her to the supernatural creatures section, and then selected a book calledA History of Werewolves: the disillusionment of equality and the illusion of safety. Then, she took both books to a study alcove and settled in to skive off her Charms class for what she felt was something way more important.

Hermione spent the entire class period arms-deep in literature, until law jargon was melting out of her earlobes and werewolf tragedy was boiling her blood. She was so sickened, in fact, by the mistreatment of werewolves that it made her want to march down to the Ministry herself. Even if that meant lending her support to the werewolf who haunted her slumber. It was worse than the House Elves, who were already treated as lower than dirt by the wizarding community. It was one step up from slavery, two steps up from a concentration camp, and three steps up from genocide.

The laws in place for werewolves were specific to werewolves. The lightest of them all was something Hermione herself would never be able to stand: being unable to enter wizard-dominant areas such as schools or workplaces without registration, and any salaries were forced to be paid out to a payee. Then came the laws regarding property and assets, which specifically stated that under no circumstances were werewolves allowed to hold titles or deeds to any property without registration, even brooms.

When working, they were only allowed to make a maximum of 25 galleons per week, and employers were entitled to fire them without severance and without cause if they felt they were a danger to the working environment. The worst of all were the punishments for breaking even the most trivial of the laws. For instance, if a werewolf accidentally took the train with a ticket meant for a Being, he could be thrown in Azkaban without a trial for six months for 'attempted assault on humanity.'

The worst thing? Wolfsbane Potion cost 35 galleons per 1-day vial, which was essentially 175 British pounds. With the weekly wage cap and payee fees, it was almost a dream to think of so much as tasting it.

It's become very clear to me that the Ministry intends to keep werewolves under their complete control, Hermione thought. I fear that if given the chance, they'd lock the werewolves up and throw away the key.

Hermione looked up from her reading after a while, realizing that there were tears in her eyes. How could the Ministry treat creatures this way? How could they stand by, ruling with iron wands, while werewolf families and children suffered? How could they impose unfair punishments for non comparing offenses that weren't considered offenses for anyone else, not even Beings? To imagine the pain of walking about, knowing that if anyone knew you were a werewolf, that you would be ruined, it filled Hermione with sadness. Hated for who you were. For something you couldn't change about yourself. It was overwhelming.

She understood at least a tiny sliver what that was like.

It was no wonder Fenrir Greyback was advocating for reform, and doing so much philanthropy. Could his promise of philanthropy have been what kept him out of Azkaban? Was the Ministry so corrupt that they traded money for freedom now? The laboratory he'd purchased . . . Could it have been for the production of Wolfsbane that didn't have to be price gouged by the Ministry? She just couldn't understand why the lab he'd purchased was a Muggle one. Surely wizarding potions labs would be much more efficient?

She closed her eyes, her chin trembling. She'd been so terrified of what life would be like for Muggle-borns under Voldemort's regime, and that was why she fought so hard. And now, to see that werewolves - creatures who could no more help who they were than Muggles and Muggle-borns - were being treated with hatred all under the guise of "equality and safety?" It was repulsive, and it made her feel ashamed to be a witch.

Hermione had spent many nights crying when Malfoy and other Slytherins had called her a Mudblood. Many days spent sitting in front of the mirror, sobbing while she tried every spell known to mankind to smooth out her hair and make herself beautiful for people who would never find her beautiful. No matter how much she changed her appearance, she couldn't change her blood, and it was her blood that made wizards and witches who hated Muggle-borns sick to their stomachs.

When she really thought about it, really sat and thought about how she saw herself, she thought she was ugly. She thought she was ugly because she'd been told she was, over and over, and it was difficult to believe differently. Now, she had a lot going for her in regards to her intelligence and heart, and she knew that appearance-wise, she was as beautiful as she wanted to see herself as. But her existence . . . They all thought it was ugly, and it was hard when it felt as though she was one witch against millions.

Perhaps that was why whenever Malfoy had called her perfect, she'd felt the urge to cry. Because she didn't believe it. Couldn't, when he was the one who'd put so much effort into convincing her that she wasn't.

She frowned, wiping away a stray tear from her cheek before it dripped down and soiled the page of the werewolf book. Perhaps there was still much to unpack in regards to Malfoy.

She knew that Voldemort wasn't the whole problem; he was only the top of the volcano. Beneath him, she knew there bubbled a vicious, roiling crater full of molten-hot abhorrence for people like her. Pureblood wizards and witches who wanted to see Hermione and other Muggle-borns enslaved or dead. And the way the Ministry had imposed sanctions and laws on werewolves that mirrored many she feared Voldemort would have placed upon Muggle-borns, Hermione felt true fear for the werewolves. She understood why Fenrir had wasted no time after he'd received the estates, however the receival came to be.

When suffering, no time was too soon for the possibility of reprieve.

She wondered what this all meant for Malfoy. She hadn't thought of him being a werewolf as a possibility - the consumption of blood had thrown her off. But with the new addition of information regarding the registration forms and the Other classification, she was beginning to feel uneasy.

Hermione had always been one to listen to her gut, and she knew that if what she was thinking during her last research session was a possibility - that the traits of multiple creatures had somehow been introduced to him - he was in danger of losing everything. If he was a werewolf, then he had to be terrified of what would happen to him and what was left of the Malfoy reputation if anyone found out.

She was so hopeful that that wasn't the case, however, that she simply filed it to the back of her mind for later. As far as Malfoy was concerned, and due to the fact that the introduction of magical traits was highly unlikely to be possible, Hermione's galleons were on him being a Veela. And they didn't exactly have time to waste if he was. She hadn't given it too much thought, the possibility of mating with him to keep him alive, but she knew that if it came down to her freedom or his life, she'd lay herself down for him in a heartbeat the same way that she'd risked her life for Harry and Ron.

Hermione slammed the book closed. This weekend, and not a moment sooner, she needed to go to the Ministry. She needed to see Xenophilius Lovegood, and she needed to see those registration forms. And if she was going to do that, she was going to need help.

She went to her Transfiguration class with so much anger and determination sparking through her veins that she accidentally transfigured the professor's blackboard into a roaring lion. It terrified the younger students and if it weren't for the professor's quick thinking, the lion likely would have consumed Parvati.

Hermione couldn't help but snicker at that - Parvati hadn't spoken to her since her cruel words in the Library. She didn't want to see her being eaten by a transfigured chalkboard, of course, but even Hermione had a little bit of a Slytherin side.

At lunch, she barely noticed that Malfoy was still not present, and she plopped down across from Ron and Luna, who were feeding one another ice cream with smiles on their faces. As charming as it was, Hermione was a witch with a mission.

"Luna," she whispered, leaning in. "Ron. I have to speak with you about something."

Ron placed a gentle kiss to Luna's nose-tip before he grinned at Hermione. "What's this, then? Interrupting our lunch date?"

"Is something the matter?" Luna asked, frowning slightly when she saw Hermione's wild eyes.

"Yes. It's very important, and you can't tell anyone what I'm going to tell you. Anyone," Hermione whispered. "Especially not Harry."

The table was filling up, and Harry was late, so Hermione, Ron, and Luna were able to slide to the very end. They huddled together with their backs twisted to the rest of their peers. Ron and Luna both looked concerned, and after casting several surreptitious glances around the Great Hall, she began to speak. She kept the subject of Malfoy mum, knowing that it wasn't her secret to tell, and even though Ron was being amicable, he'd likely relish the chance to destroy Malfoy's life and future.

"I'm going to infiltrate the Ministry," she murmured. "By myself. And I need your help to do so."

"What?!" Ron yelled, and then at Hermione and Luna's twin glares, he lowered his voice. "What? That's dangerous. Don't you remember Fifth Year?"

"That was different. This time," Hermione said, "I'm going to be invisible. Ron, that's why I need you."

"Me? Why?"

"I need you to get the Invisibility Cloak from Harry. Can you do that?"

Ron looked uneasy. "I don't think that's a good idea, Hermione. What if you get caught? And what's it for, anyway?"

"Is this about what I told you this morning?" Luna asked, eyes alight. "I'd like to help."

"Yes, it is," Hermione said, anxiously running her hands through her curls to try and control the frizz. She was feeling flustered with excitement. "I spent my first period in the Library reading about werewolf laws, and I did not like what I found. Whatever Fenrir Greyback is up to, based purely upon the laws, it can't be good. I need to see if your father will let me see those registration forms."

"The ones classified under Other?"

"Yes," Hermione said, owl-eyed with near-desperation. "And Ronald, if you could get me the Cloak, then it will be no issue for me to slip in and slip out without anyone being the wiser."

Ron bit his lip. "I think it's dangerous."

"I don't care, Ron," Hermione hissed, placing her fist on the table top. "You don't understand how awful those laws are. And I can't even begin to think about how to help if I can't see firsthand what those registration forms look like. And since I'll be off-campus this weekend, it's the perfect opportunity to look, before things start happening."

"Things?" Ron looked pale.

Luna fiddled with her fingers on the table in front of her. "Do you think something bad is going to happen?"

"Unfortunately," Hermione grimaced. "Yes. I do. It could be from Fenrir Greyback. It could be from someone in the Ministry. It could even be a dark wizard we're unaware of. But something is coming, and the werewolves are involved. I'm sure of it." She closed her eyes against a sudden wave of emotion. "I'm sure of it."

Ron and Luna looked at each other, Luna's eyes pleading with him.

"All right," Ron said begrudgingly. "I'll come up with an excuse."

"And I'll write to my father immediately," Luna said, standing up. "I'll return soon!"

She ran out the doors, nearly running into Harry as he strode in with a wide grin plastered upon his face. He sat down in the spot Luna had just been in, unaware of the pale looks on his friends' faces, and started loading up a plate.

"Blimey," he exclaimed as he devoured sandwiches. "I'm starving. Bill kicked my arse with those confringo maximas in DADA today. What about you guys? What have you been up to?"

"Nothing." Ron and Hermione spoke at the same exact time.

Harry's chewing slowed as his eyes snapped from Hermione to Ron and back. "You're being weird."

"No, we're not," Ron and Hermione said simultaneously. They exchanged glances.

"Yes," Harry said, setting his sandwich down. "Yes, you're being weird. Why are you being weird?"

"We're not," Hermione said, looking at Ron. "Honestly, Harry."

"There's an awful lot of glance exchanging going on here," Harry said with narrowed eyes. He took a bite of his sandwich.

"I'm planning something for Luna," Ron blurted out, eyes lingering on an anxious-looking Hermione. "And I asked Hermione . . ."

"Yes. Right. He asked me what I thought she might like. And I said she likes surprises . . ."

Ron's eyes widened a tad. "And that's when I suggested hiding a surprise gift in her dorm room."

Harry looked impressed as he tucked into a third sandwich. "Wow, Ron, I wouldn't have pegged you for a romantic. I always thought you were the type to forget birthdays. I know the best thing for surprises. You want the Cloak?"

Hermione and Ron exchanged excited glances. Hermione was shocked - this was going a lot better than expected.

"Oh, that would be great," Hermione said. "For the rather large gift you're putting in her room. The, er . . ."

"Dresser," Ron blurted out. "The dresser. I got her a dresser with . . . Nargles painted on it."

Harry ducked his head down to take a large bite of his sandwich. Over his head, Hermione shot Ron an incredulous look and mouthed the word, "dresser?" in horror. Not only did Nargles have no illustrated depictions anywhere in the wizarding world, but a dresser was such a ghastly gift for a girlfriend that it was abhorrent he'd even suggest it. He shrugged, sending her a scathing look right back.

Then, Harry sat up. "Oh, I got Ginny a dresser for her birthday before we broke up. Though, we might be getting back together. I'm unsure. She wrote me the other day."

"That's lovely, Hary," Hermione said, feeling a bit guilty about talking down on the dresser. "Did she . . . Like it?"

"She liked it right up until our break-up," Harry chuckled. "I woke up the day after with it in pieces on my porch. She's feisty, isn't she? I'll have to get her another one."

Ron looked queasy and then nudged Harry as if to remind him Ginny was his sister, and then he said, "The cloak would be all right, mate. Thanks. Can I get it today? Hermione needs to put it in her room with the dresser tonight, and I'll pull the Cloak off of it tomorrow morning."

"Yes," Hermione said. "It'll be a better surprise if I do the first steps today."

Harry shrugged. "Okay. Now, Ron, did you read the Quidditch scores this morning?"

Hermione tuned them out, sitting back and finally beginning to eat. She let the relief ease her tension as she smiled at her plate. She knew that she was doing something dangerous and, in Malfoy's words, reckless, but she knew she wasn't going to be able to let it go. If there was a chance that she could do something to help werewolves the way she had Lucius, then she was going to do it. And if Fenrir Greyback was up to something sinister, she was going to find out what it was. She didn't know how she'd stop him if he was, but the knowledge was intoxicating. She needed to know.

Suddenly, a loud bang rang out as a younger student set off something they'd gotten from George Weasley's shoppe. Shimmering sparkles of all colors rained down upon the entire room, so thick you could hardly see one foot before you, filling the room with shouts of joy, surprise, and the professors' irritated exclamations.

But Hermione? Hermione was panicking.

The explosion had been so loud and so abrupt that it sent her mind hurtling back to the night of the final battle, to the explosions of curses and hexes and jinx, showering them all with death. Children, falling before the metaphorical sword of Voldemort's ire. Unseeing eyes of her underaged peers, their blood seeping out from beneath bodies crushed under chunks of the school. Screaming, so much screaming, and the wails. The shrieks and unMerlinly wails, rising to the ceilings and up to the dark sky.

Hermione didn't realize she was running for the doors until Malfoy's hands were on her, one on her arm and one on her face, his eyes searching her with concern amongst the showers of colored sparks. She didn't notice that she was crying until she felt his thumb swiping the thin skin underneath her eye to catch at least some of the tears.

"Granger!" He was saying. "Granger, breathe! You've got to breathe!"

She couldn't speak, couldn't think. Her lungs were being swallowed by her own panic, and all she knew was that he made her feel safe. She found herself caught in his gaze, found his lips parting and his shoulders lifting up and down as he made exaggerated breathing motions. He kept repeating the word to her, reminding her to breathe, reminding her that it wasn't the war. It was months later and everything was okay. Everyone was okay.

Not everyone, Hermione thought with a pang of sadness in her heart.

"Hermione!" Ron was on his feet the moment Minerva cleared the sparks with a wave of her wand, and then he and Harry were on either side of Malfoy. All three boys looked down at her with varying expressions of worry, but the only face Hermione could look at was Malfoy's.

"All right, Hermione?" Harry asked. His eyes lingered on Malfoy's hands on her and for a moment, Hermione worried he might pull his wand on him.

Malfoy stepped back from her, and she missed the warmth of his touch. His eyes gazed at her intensely, as though he were feeling something severe and hiding it carefully, and he ran a hand through his hair to keep it from falling forward into his eyes. Around them, almost the entire Great Hall was watching the interaction in earnest, no doubt more shocked to see Malfoy standing with the Golden Trio and not arguing with Harry than they were to see Malfoy and Hermione in the same vicinity. Minerva was bustling her way over, looking worried, with a younger boy in tow by the ear.

Hermione quickly wiped her tears with her fingers and offered her friends a shaky smile. "I'm all right. The noise was loud. It merely startled me."

"Terrin," Minerva said sternly. "Apologize to Miss Granger. Immediately."

"I'm sorry, Hermione." The younger student - a Second Year with red-tipped ears - was standing beside Minerva, looking ashamed of himself. "I just thought it would be funny."

"It was not humorous in the slightest," Minerva said in a clipped tone. "And you will be receiving detention. Now, come with me to my office. Hermione, dear, will you be all right?"

Hermione reached for her outstretched hand and squeezed it. "I will. It's not a normal thing for me; I was simply in shock."

Once things had calmed, Hermione as well as most likely the entire Great Hall, was astonished to see Malfoy take his seat beside her at the very end of the table. He placed his elbows on the top and laced his fingers in front of his mouth thoughtfully. He watched the other Eighth Years for a long time, his eyes glinting as their conversations slowed to a halt.

"Figured I might as well come join this inter-House party." Blaise slid in beside Malfoy, causing him to have to scoot towards Hermione. "Great Hall's been rather lively lately, yeah?"

"A right party," Seamus said through gritted teeth from Hermione's other side. He was glowering at Malfoy, but he didn't move away. Hermione supposed that was progress.

Hermione, still shaken, made no attempt to move away from Malfoy. She didn't much care if anyone saw at this point. She was having a more difficult time waiting for the ringing in her ears to cease. That, and she just felt better with the pressure of his side against hers. He smelled good, felt warm, and reminded her of safety. She didn't much care for anyone's opinions of that.

"I'm just glad Crabbe's gone," Blaise said. "I was getting proper tired of his barmy, dodgy antics. Weren't all of you?"

"Of course," Harry said, his eyes locking with Hermione's, who gave him a small, hopeful smile. "Seems we have an enemy in common."

Blaise grinned. "We've got two. I hate Draco just as much as you."

Harry's lips twitched, and Hermione knew he was trying to hide a grin. "Then it looks like now we've got a party."

Draco snorted softly, but otherwise didn't react. Beside him, Hermione felt like he seemed tense, but she attributed it to the fact that he'd, for some reason, chosen to sit amongst a large group of witches and wizards who hated him.

Blaise winked and leaned forward to look at Hermione. "All right, Granger? Sound was rather off-putting, wasn't it?"

"Yes," Hermione said, sipping her water. "I forgot about the Fizzing Bangers they sell at Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. It was only a matter of time before a younger student set one off."

"I beg your pardon, Hermione," Dean said, smirking like a Slytherin. "But I was planning on setting one off just yesterday."

Everyone laughed, except Draco, and Hermione glanced up at him with her eyes dancing. He looked down at her from the side of his eyes, and then did something surprising. With one arm resting on the table before him, turned slightly and pushed the hair on the side closest to him over her back. He was fussing over her - it felt fussy - and the gesture was so out of place that the people around them quieted a bit.

Ron stared with his spoon halfway to his mouth, a large glob of kidney pie plopping down into his bowl. Seamus looked indignant. The other Eighth Years who could see were staring in shock, including the Parvati twins who looked like they were going to be ill. Dean and Blaise just gave each other cheeky smiles. Harry glared at Malfoy.

"Oi, do we need to tell you two to get a room?" Harry demanded, pointing his finger at the blond.

"Can we use yours?" Malfoy asked, one eyebrow arching as he faced Harry again. His serious expression was gone, replaced with a smirk.

Harry narrowed his eyes. "Sure. Just so long as I can use yours to hide your body when I'm done killing you."

"Oh, honestly, Harry, Malfoy," Hermione said, throwing her hands heavenward. "He's just sitting here. The table is for Eighth Years, too."

"Is your hair for all Eighth Years, too?" Seamus asked angrily, his hand reaching for Hermione's hair on the other side.

Lightning fast, with speed that Hermione knew was due to his status as a magical creature, Malfoy's hand whipped behind her head and caught Seamus's wrist in a vice like grip. The silence that settled over the table was so uncomfortable and tense that Hermione felt like she might be choking.

"Unfortunately, that's mine," Malfoy said calmly, his eyes burning like molten silver as they regarded a very irritated Seamus. "Touch her, and you lose your hand."

Hermione's entire face flamed bright red. She knew it was probably because he was probably a Veela, but it was shocking nonetheless to have him showcasing his possessiveness in front of everyone like that. And with the way Harry was staring at her as though she'd just sprouted a dragon pox-covered limb, she knew she should be very mortified.

She wished her stomach wasn't pleasantly twisting the way it always did when he called her his.

"Oh, bloody Hell," Ron muttered, hunching down over his food.

Blaise snickered and surprisingly, so did Dean.

"This is . . . This is my nightmare," Harry said conversationally to Ron. "Did I ever tell you that this was my nightmare?"

"Honestly!" Hermione exclaimed, slamming her hands down on the table. "You're all a bunch of blithering idiots! I don't belong to anyone. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to class. Harry, Ron, Malfoy, and Blaise. I'll see you there."

Before any of them could react, she sprung to her feet, stepped over the bench, and hustled her way to Potions. She waved to Luna as she passed her outside the Great Hall, getting confirmation from Luna that she would hear back from her father by that evening, and then Hermione marched to class.

Hermione realized she was flustered when the cool air of the upper corridors hit the skin of her face. She patted her cheeks, urging herself to settle down. The whole situation felt almost darkly thrilling, knowing that none of them had any clue the true nature of her and Malfoy's something. She knew she shouldn't have said that she didn't belong to anyone, knowing how Malfoy could be about that sort of thing, but when she thought about it, she supposed she'd likely done it on purpose. Hermione had always been one to follow the rules, but when it came to Malfoy, there was something exciting about breaking them. Even if they were imaginary rules he'd set.

She sat at the front of the Potions class in silence, chin propped on her hand as she mulled over her plan to go to the Ministry that weekend. She wondered whether or not she should involve Malfoy, worrying about his reaction. He seemed so . . . Controlling at times. What would he say to her wanting to leave the Manor, even just to go to the Ministry? She nearly scowled at that. As if he had any right to tell her whether or not she could leave the Manor.

He can be worried and angry all he likes, she huffed to herself, bouncing her knee as she thought. I'll just have to remind him that I've got more experience dealing with danger in my little finger than he's had his whole life. I'll have to let him know what it's like to ride on the back of a dragon with nothing to hold onto except its spines.

Harry and Ron sat beside Hermione, which was a nice surprise. Harry was shooting her looks, though, so Hermione sighed and turned to him.

"What, Harry?"

"You let him touch your hair. That's relationship grounds."

"No, it's not," Hermione said, waving a dismissive hand. "It was merely a friendly touch, and I was still warm from the panic attack. He was simply ensuring that I got sufficient air."

"Oh, mm-hm. I'm gonna show him what it's like to have insufficient air."

"You're being ridiculous," Hermione hissed. "He's merely my friend, and this weekend . . ."

"This weekend what?" Harry asked, narrowing his eyes.

Hermione blanched when she realized what she'd almost admitted. There was no way in Merlin's hut that he'd simply be okay with her traveling to the Manor alone with Malfoy for three days. She needed to be more careful, otherwise she might just find herself in trouble.

"This weekend I plan to spend my entire weekend in the Library," she snapped out her. "Avoiding you boys and your incessant antics. So don't bother me."

Harry said, "Fine, you silly brat. I'll be in Hogsmeade anyway. Ginny's coming to visit."

Hermione shot him a mischievous smile. "Ginny, hm?"

"Ginny."

Ron mimicked vomiting. "Bleurgh. Ginny indeed."

Hermione and Harry fell about in small giggles and laughter, and Hermione chanced a glance behind her absentmindedly.

Malfoy and Blaise were sitting in the seats directly behind them, and the sight of it caused Hermione's heart to skip a beat. Blaise wriggled his fingers in a teasing wave and Malfoy was adjusting his black tie beneath his equally-black blazer. His titanium eyes dragged over her face and when he wet his lips, she realized that his appearance was a bit off-color.

He's probably hungry, Hermione thought in a businesslike manner. She offered him a small smile, which he of course did not return, and finally turned back around.

"Oi, Potty," Malfoy's voice came from behind. "I can see your hair product from here."

Harry smirked over his shoulder. "I got it from your bathroom, Malfoy."

"My product?" Malfoy gasped. "No wonder your hair looks so stellar."

Hermione sighed. "Oh -"

"Honestly," Malfoy, Blaise, Ron, and Harry all exclaimed simultaneously.

Hermione blinked, turning to look around at all four sets of mirth-filled eyes, and the shock of the four of them sharing a joke was so unsettling that she just clamped her lips shut and turned to face the front. Behind her, she heard Malfoy and Blaise whispering, and beside her Ron and Harry were trying to figure out if she was angry with them for jesting with her.

"I can't figure out which is more bizarre," was all Hermione said. "All four of you finding the same joke humorous, or that I thought the sight was so funny that it transcended my ability to laugh."

That shut her two best friends up, and then they all turned to face the newly-arrived Slughorn.

After Potions, Ron and Harry rushed off to their next class, which wasn't with Hermione, so she waited in the hallway for Malfoy and Blaise.

"This is quite odd," Blaise said, lacing his fingers behind his head. "Seeing Hermione Granger waiting in the hallway for us."

"Believe me you," Hermione said, "I'm operating under the same sentiments."

"I quite enjoy it," Malfoy said, his face relaxing into an easy smirk. "Blaise, I'll catch you up?"

"You two are sickening," Blaise said, grinning. "But I thoroughly enjoy it. Cheers."

He walked away, waving his hand without turning to spare them a final glance.

"Well," Hermione said thoughtfully, her arms hugged around her Potions textbook. "It seems we've had quite a bit of progress for our something today."

When he gave her a strange look, her cheeks warmed. She hadn't realized she'd spoken her thoughts aloud, and she'd never quite put the word something out into the air. As far as she knew, Malfoy had no idea what her thoughts were of him, nor did he know that she fancied him. She wanted to keep it that way. The last thing she wanted was to see a look of disgust in his eyes as he realized his little magical malady had been causing him to become obsessed with a Muggle-born.

"Anyway," she said, and then she tittered nervously. "Are you peckish?"

He arched one eyebrow and took a step closer to her in the emptying corridor. "Are you offering?"

The way he was looking at her, Hermione wasn't so sure she was anymore. Her knees buckled slightly and she reached up to smooth her hair. She cleared her throat.

"Erm, yes. I suppose I am, if you could use a . . . Bite." She blinked at her own pun, wondering if she'd gone mental, or if she was seriously discussing feeding Malfoy her blood as though they were planning a late luncheon.

"I suppose I could go for a . . . Bite." She saw a flash of his teeth on the word "bite," and it made her skin prickle along the back of her neck.

"A-All right," she stammered. "Alcove?"

"Prefect's Bathroom," he said, jerking his head towards the end of the corridor.

"What about the password? Wouldn't the alcove be less complicated? It's right over there."

He smirked. "I may have turned down the Prefect offer this year, but Pansy didn't. She gave me the password weeks ago."

Hermione tried not to think back to the previous night. When she was alone with Malfoy, things had a tendency to occur. She felt like it was more than just agreeing to hole up in the Prefect's Bathroom. Like the moment she said yes to it, she would be agreeing to something deeper.

But she could be logical. Enclosed space that could be locked and warded, or an alcove in a public hallway? The choice was clear.

"Yes, I . . . I should like to think a disillusionment spell won't always be the best in the future. We should use an enclosed space when we're not at the dorms." He was staring intently at her, and her nerves were getting worse as she kept talking. "One that we can simply l-lock and put . . . Put silencing charms up . . . Within. So . . . Right. Yes."

Malfoy's eyes crinkled at the edges a bit. "Yes, Granger, that is why I suggested it. Merlin, they told me you were intelligent."

"Honestly," she mumbled, smacking him on the upper arm as if he were Harry or Ron. She froze, embarrassed, as his eyes lowered to where her hand had hit him, and then he cocked an eyebrow at her.

All right, not there yet, she thought as she headed down the hallway. He followed after her, a few steps behind, and she squeezed her eyes shut for a minute since he couldn't see.

She was such a mug sometimes. Malfoy was not her boyfriend and he probably wasn't even her friend. He was here for her blood, and because some sort of magic was running through his veins that made him experience an uncontrollable urge to touch her. According to the books she'd read, Veelas experienced lust that was quite similar to the urge one has to eat or consume water. It was highly unlikely that he was spending this sort of time with her for any reason other than a biological one.

They were silent the entire way to the fifth floor, even as they stepped onto a moving staircase. She stumbled a bit as the stairs lurched upward and diagonally, gasping as she reached out for the banister. When Malfoy calmly grabbed her wrist and righted her, she wasn't as surprised as she was when he moved his hand to her lower back and rested it there. She snuck a glance up at him and when he looked back at her, she felt like his eyes were seeing straight down to her heart. Did he know she fancied him? Good Merlin.

As they neared the bathroom, she felt him speed up, his arm slipping hastily around her waist and curling into the fabric of her robes. She made a soft sound of surprise as he whisked her quicker than she'd expected into the bathroom. She glanced around at the beautiful architecture of the room: the stained glass windows, marble floors, and vaulted stone ceilings.

"Homenum revelio," Malfoy snapped to the air, his wand out. An orb of light swooped about the room and then finally shot back into it.

They were alone.

Hermione shakily pointed her wand at the door.

"C-Colloportus. Muff . . . Muffliato. Silenc -"

"No," came his voice from behind her. She shivered somewhat violently as his fingers brushed her hair over the front of one shoulder, tickling at the nape of her neck.

"No?"

"We only need to keep sound from getting out," he whispered, causing her entire body to tremble and flush.

What kind of sounds is he expecting me to make? Merlin, I'm being naive. Malfoy is obviously used to being close with the opposite sex, and I am in over my damn head.

She jumped when he pulled her backwards, until he was sitting on the outer edge of the bath. He swept her up into his lap, sideways, and she wrapped her arms around his neck on pure reflex. Due to the fact that she was wearing her uniform skirt, she pressed her legs together as much as she could and tried not to wriggle around too much.

"S-Sorry," she stammered, tangling her fingers around one another to stop them from shaking. She'd been sipping the potion he'd sent her for the Cruciatus pains every three days, so she knew it was from her nerves. She wasn't quite sure she'd ever get used to the intense feelings that went through her body when he fed from her, so the nerves were bound to be a constant for the rest of this . . . Arrangement. However long it went on for.

His eyes studied her face for a moment, one of his hands placed flat on her lower back and the other sliding up and down her side. Without breaking eye contact, his hand pushed her robes off of one shoulder. The fabric tumbled off of the other shoulder, and it almost felt like a blanket wrapped around her legs. Then, his head moved forward, his nose nuzzling against her pulse point. She shivered again, out of mingling anticipation and nervousness, and tightened her grip on her own hands.

"You know what I want," he whispered against her neck.

At his words, she felt his fingers twisting in her white button-up and she bit her lip. His chest expanded as she brought the tip of her wand up to the outside of her neck, so he wouldn't have to twist his head too much. She felt her awkwardness trying to get her to start prattling on about how she was surprised he still hadn't manifested fangs, but she bit her tongue on that manifesto.

"Right here?" she asked, because she couldn't see.

"Mm-hm," he said with a nod, pulling her closer. "Right there."

She was about to mention how much more controlled he seemed lately compared to the first few times he'd fed from her, about how him feeding more often was a good decision, but the moment her wand sliced into her skin, he seemed to lose himself.

"You are so fucking good," he murmured. "Now, come here."

Hermione felt him batting her wand away and attaching his mouth to the open wound with an agonizing, languid movement that she felt jolt right down to the tips of her toes. She gasped and accidentally dropped her wand to the floor, where the resounding clatter echoed around the entire room. Her entire body was acutely aware of the motion of his lips, the stroking of his tongue, the softness of his hair against her jaw and cheek. She bit her lip, fighting back the urge to tell him that she was good. That for him, she would always be good, and all sorts of fluffy nonsense that she knew she needed to keep inside the darkness of her mind. They didn't need a repeat of their last feeding.

"N-Not . . . Like that, please," was what Hermione managed to choke out as his hands traveled up both of her sides and found their way into her hair. One twined its fingers into the curls and the other braced itself against the opposite side of her throat, pushing her as close to him as possible.

She fought to hold in a moan. Her back arched slightly and she sighed, letting her head loll back as desire threatened to overcome her. She was trying to hang on to her faculties - to let logic prevail - but the sensual way he was moaning as he fed was overwhelming her in a way she wasn't strong enough to stop. Whether it was biology or fancy, she wanted Malfoy.

He growled, but didn't stop feeding and completely ignored her comment. She could feel his magic floating lazily through the air, much less overwhelming than it had been the night of the false bonding and even last night. But the moment she began to recall the events, the more she began to fantasize about what would have happened had she not panicked and asked him to stop. She remembered being overcome with need, moving her hips in her desperate attempts to get closer to his wandering hand, pleading with him to touch her. The thought of him doing so was so vivid, so visceral, that she felt it like a pool of liquid longing at the apex of her thighs.

She could still hear his voice, dripping with pure lust, snaking its way through her ear and down to her core. She would have told him anything at that point, but in that moment, she'd meant what she said. She was as good as Malfoy's, whether he was a Veela or not.

The moan that left her lips was so loud she thought it might attract Moaning Myrtle herself, and she felt Malfoy tensing in response. His feeding and the caress of his lips and hands became more voracious, more ardent, and the next thing she knew, he was dragging them to their feet. He held onto her elbows and stared down at her, her toes the only thing anchoring her to the ground, and she gazed at his lips. He licked her blood from his mouth.

"Last night," she said, the words tumbling from her lips before she could stop them, "I didn't want to stop. I wouldn't have let you, you know? I didn't want to -"

"Shut up," he hissed through clenched teeth, and then she felt her back hit the wall. He whirled her around, pressing her frontside to the cold stone wall. His body molded to hers.

"Why are you turning me around?" Her voice was small, tremulous.

"Because if I don't, I'm afraid I'll kiss you."

Hermione closed her eyes, a torrent of emotions flooding through her at his words. Did he not want to kiss her because he knew they were only here together because of his need for her blood? Was it because she was Muggle-born? She swallowed against the childish urge to cry, her hands pressed to the cool tiles in front of her. Her tongue wet her lips.

Malfoy let out his breath in a deep exhalation and then pressed his mouth to her wound again. She felt his hand, the one that wasn't restricting her hair moving up to pull open the top button on her blouse, and she felt her heart constricting in her chest at the slowness of his movements.

Air from his body tickled her skin as he breathed out, "May I touch you?"

She nodded quickly, biting her lip as she held in the yearning to plead for him to do so, not wanting to shatter the moment. He seemed to understand because he continued his leisurely path down her button-up and into her camisole. His palm surrounded her breast over her bra, almost too gently, and a lightning bolt of pleasure rocketed down between her trembling legs. Hermione's head pressed back against his shoulder, aching where he had his hold on her hair. The combination of the two feelings made her feel a bit dizzy.

"Open for me," he ordered, voice coming out husky and low.

She hesitated, feeling her stomach fluttering, realizing that her blood was dripping down her neck to stain her shirt. She let out a small sound when his fingers suddenly pulled at the peak of her left breast, almost tight enough to cause a pinch. The resulting arrow that twisted rapidly to the heating pool in her loins was immense.

"Are you going to be good?"

Hermione tilted her head back and looked up at him through half-closed eyelids, panting. She started to nod, but the look in his eyes intensified exponentially. A warning.

"Y-Yes," she squeaked out timidly.

Merlin, how did he manage to have this affect on her every time he fed? He had to be a Veela.

She lifted her right foot and placed it further away from her left. From behind, his knee lifted up, causing her to rise to the tips of her shoes. She arched her back once more, feeling his hands moving down to her hips and pulling them up higher from behind. She blushed with embarrassment when the friction of her knickers between her core and the leg of his trousers caused a sensitivity that she hadn't fully prepared herself to feel.

He let out a ragged breath and then said, "You're wet for me, aren't you, witch?"

She closed her eyes, her throat feeling dry. She felt her heart beating faster and faster, trying to claw its way out of her chest. She felt almost embarrassed. Like he was discovering some murky, hidden secret that would humiliate her. Her back sort-of hurt from how far it was arched, but she felt like she would positively die if she put any distance between herself and his thigh.

"You are, I can feel it," he said, voice trailing off softly, his fingers digging into her hips, moving her pelvis unhurriedly back and forth. He lifted his leg higher and she felt his thigh pressing firmly against her.

Hermione couldn't stop herself from grinding her hips downward. The mortifying amount of arousal that was leaking out from within her caused everything to feel that much more acute, more intense, and the pace of her breathing picked up. It was different than the night she'd felt his magic wrapping its way around them, the night they'd moved with a frenzy against one another that she still couldn't explain. It was more present, more . . . Real. And good. Impossibly good, the way Malfoy seemed to know just how high his thigh needed to be, how her hips needed to move. A strangled moan left her lips, the heat in her body rising to her cheeks.

"If I wanted to," Malfoy growled, "I could make you fucking come, right here, right on my leg."

Hermione felt so hot, her body temperature continuing to increase, and it almost felt like her soul was lifting from her body. Because he was right. He was so, so right. And she wanted him to make her do whatever he wanted her to do. She wanted it with him, not with just anyone. Only him.

Only him.

"Would you like that, little witch? Huh? Would you like me to make you come?"

"Please," she moaned, rocking her hips backward and down, feeling her toes curling in her shoes, tiny sparks of electricity erupting all over her body. Her nails scraped the tile of the wall. "Oh, please, please . . ."

She could feel it, it was drawing closer. She began to whisper nearly unintelligible things, delicate mantras of please and yes. She felt his tongue lapping up the remaining blood on her neck, the softness of it adding to the way she twitched and writhed against him.

"In the Great Hall," he drawled into her ear, "you said you belonged to no one. Perhaps I should stop . . ."

Hermione shook her head wildly, a whine catching in her throat. Her fingernails scraped the wall and she curled her toes in her shoes. She didn't care where they were, and she wasn't worried about whether he was doing this out of blood euphoria or lust or because it was her or . . . Anything. She didn't care about anything except for him and her desperation.

"Beg me," he said simply, his hand slipping up the front of her skirt. She could feel herself getting wetter even before his fingers grazed the fabric of her soaked knickers. Sweat prickled on her back and she whimpered. His touch stoked the fire hotter, fingertips hard and firm against her pearl.

"Please," she said as she careened towards the razor's edge of pleasure. "Please, Draco. I'll be good. I'm sorry. Please don't stop."

"You weren't a very good girl, were you?"

For a moment, Hermione's body hung in limbo, standing on tip-toe as she waited for him to decide what felt like her fate. Her mind was completely blank, operating on a base need to achieve pleasure only he could give her. His hand was frozen against her, and his other arm was wrapping itself tightly around her abdomen.

"I will be," she whispered, her hips rocking. "I will be, I swear."

He growled and she felt him finally, blessedly resuming his ministrations. His breath was hot and moist in her ear as he touched her, using a mixture of firm and gentle movements that kept her from taking in any full, deep breaths. She went tense, the only sounds in the room for a drawn-out, tortuous minute coming from her strangled throat, his heaving breath, and the wetness between her knickers and body.

She'd never felt like this before, so alive and so completely in another's control. It felt like he held the keys to everything. Like he was the only person who knew the answers to every question she had ever had. She was, in this and all moments, his.

"You're so sweet like this, you know that?" He said, breathing a near-incredulous laugh. "This part of you - it's mine. You're mine."

Hermione moaned loudly, her head resting fully on his shoulder, and she turned her face into the base of his neck. A sob left her throat as the coil that he'd been winding tightly within her lower body threatened to snap. Her palms were flat against the wall now, and her breasts felt the cold stone through the layers of fabric that stood between it and her bare flesh. She was almost there, she could feel it, but she just needed . . . Something . . .

Right . . . Right . . .

"Come for me now, love," Malfoy cooed, his gravelly voice rolling down every inch of her body. "Be a good girl, and come for me."

. . . There.

The coil snapped, unwinding instantly as wave after wave of pleasure crashed into her and left her nearly crying into his skin. Her entire body trembled and convulsed, shaking violently as she came for him, and he pressed his tighter to her. He let out a throaty moan and pressed heavy kisses to her neck as she continued to let out pitchy, keening sighs.

"You're perfect, Hermione," he whispered, his tongue tasting her blood again. Her oversensitive flesh pebbled and she sagged in his hold, his arm firm against the underside of her ribcage. "And you taste so fucking good."

Hermione practically hung there in a daze as he fed from her again, her pounding heart pushing more blood out of her body as he drank his fill. She let her eyelids flutter shut, lazily spiraling down from the heights Malfoy had taken her to, and her heart ached. She liked him even more now, and she didn't know what she was going to do.

When he finally pulled away from her, letting her ease down to the floor on her feet, she took a bit longer to turn to face him as she struggled to hide her emotions. She put a mask on, one that would enable her to look him in the eyes without feeling ashamed, and finally spun around.

He smirked down at her, sensually licking blood off of the edges of his fingertips. His eyes regarded her calmly, staring down at her with a glint in them. An edge that she'd never seen before. She couldn't help but wonder.

Was it just the magic? Or did he actually see her the way she saw him?

Blushing, Hermione stalked over to her wand and bent down to grab it, annoyed at the feeling of her knickers. Quickly, before she could feel too embarrassed by it, she cast a tergeo all over her whole body, including her shirt, and then cast a cooling charm over herself. Next, she healed herself. Heaving a sigh of relief and ignoring the weakness in her legs, she whirled on him.

He leaned back against the wall, his blazer unbuttoned and hands slipped into his trousers pockets.

"We need to discuss this weekend," he said, his eyes trained on her.

"Yes, well, all right," she huffed, frustrated at more than just his uncanny ability to do things to her body and then return to normal shortly after. She plopped down on the edge of the bath. "What did you want to discuss?"

"Rules, for the trip."

"Why would we need rules?" she asked, worrying a bit for her plan to go to the Ministry. Was he going to try to keep her locked away? If he did, he was going to receive a reducto to the face.

"You never know who might drop by," he said, voice and eyes guarded. His gaze swept over her body. "We might be busy."

Hermione's cheeks stained red again and she smoothed out her hair which, with him, was becoming a habit. "Honestly, Malfoy. We don't need any rules. I'm perfectly capable of -"

"There's rules because I said there's rules," he snapped, his eyes blazing. "When I say someone might drop by, I don't mean McGonagall might Floo in for tea, Granger. I mean dark wizards and witches who use Muggle blood for bathwater might come to the Manor expecting me to behave a certain way."

Hermione's mouth hung open. She wanted to argue, but she knew he was right. She was deluding herself if Voldemort's followers had given up his ways. Malfoy was the son of Voldemort's second-in-command. It was highly likely they were expecting something of him, especially with the public knowledge that Malfoy would eventually take over his father's company.

But she didn't understand something. Why did he have to act in a way that they deemed acceptable?

"And you can't just . . . Not behave like you're still a . . . A Death Eater?" She waved a dismissive hand.

"Not until my father's company is completely transferred into my name," Malfoy muttered darkly, glaring resolutely at the floor. "Not all Death Eaters were caught, Granger. There's quite a few who followed the Dark Lord from the secrecy of their own homes. A lot. Thousands. And I need them to believe I'm still on their side."

Hermione bit her lip and searched his eyes, mind racing. Why would he need anything from them? Why wouldn't he just sever contact or ties with them, make his status known to the public via a Prophet article, and start living in a way that proved he was no longer a Death Eater?

Her eyes widened.

"They own shares in your father's company, don't they?" she whispered, a hand held to her mouth.

He looked at her for a moment before looking away and showing her a curt nod.

Hermione sighed. "Oh, Malfoy. What do you plan to do?"

"This weekend, I'm to get my affairs in order. The company will be transferred to me, my family bank account, and the deed to the Manor. Everything will be mine. Then, I'm going to start buying them out." He chewed the inside of his cheek, looking as if he didn't quite believe it would work. "One by one. Tearing the walls down in front of me and building new ones behind me as I go. Remaking the entire company in my image."

"Malfoy, that could take years," she said sadly. "You would have to play the part for a very long time. And the wizarding world . . . They would expect an announcement of your denouncing of Voldemort. How are you going to manage?"

He was silent for a long time, his shoulders slumped. He looked so much like that lost, desolate boy from Sixth Year that she wanted to embrace him. She held herself back, however, knowing that they weren't at that point in their something. He'd most assuredly push her away, and she didn't think that would help either of them.

"Malfoys are . . . Good at pretending," he said softly. "I'll retain the old contracts, but I'll change the business model. Instead of starting trusts for big-name Pureblood companies, I'll aim for smaller companies and individual families."

"Is there any guarantee you can achieve new contracts with those families? And will that be enough?"

He hesitated, and then he shot her a quick look before dropping his gaze again. "I'll go public. And by that, I mean the Muggle world. We own several large Muggle media outlets, as well as have two American constituents on our books. It will be slow going, but it can be done."

Hermione nodded, still feeling worried. "And what about . . . Your status? You're a magical creature now. And we still don't know what breed."

"No one can know. Ever. I don't know how, but . . . We'll manage."

Hermione lost her breath for a moment. He'd said "we," as though he saw her in his life for longer than just these stolen moments in alcoves, bathrooms, and dorm rooms. It caused a strange, giddy feeling to rise in her throat. She lowered her head shyly, and he reached up to rub the back of his neck.

"Rather, I'll manage," he said, voice quiet. "But that's why we need rules. If we go out, everyone will see you with me. You know how the papers can be, and we need ground rules so that any conjectures made can be proven or disproven, if need be."

She was quiet, knowing he was right. Then, she looked up in surprise as he came to sit beside her. When she caught his gaze, she felt her heart jump at the sincerity in his eyes. He placed his hand behind her on the edge of the bath, the faint steam from the charmed water rising up around them.

"When Voldemort was alive, when he was in the Manor, he . . . He held meetings. He'd monologue and speak of the world he imagined when he won," Malfoy said, his eyes trained on her collar, as if he couldn't look at her directly. "Specifically of what he imagined for Muggle-borns."

Hermione tried not to show that she was startled to hear him use the word Muggle-borns and not the other, much worse word. She had a feeling something between them had changed, and it was highly likely he wouldn't be using that word around her any longer. She wrapped her fingers around the hem of her uniform skirt.

"What did he envision?"

"Granger . . . If anyone comes to the Manor, you'll have to do whatever I say. Do you understand?" He gave her a grave look.

Hermione felt a pang of fear. "I suppose so . . ."

"Granger," he said firmly, his brow furrowing. His hand visibly tightened around his kneecap. "This is serious. If anyone comes to the Manor, anyone that is a friend of my father's or a follower of Voldemort's, you will have to play the part that Voldemort spoke of. You'll have to do whatever I say, without defiance. Without question. That means if I so much as tell you to lick my shoes, you've got to do it."

Hermione stared at him incredulously, her mind struggling to make sense of what he was saying. If Voldemort spoke of a world he envisioned that had Malfoy looking at her like she was about to keel over and die, and she was going to have to lick his bloody shoes, then did that mean that . . . Voldemort's plans for Muggle-borns . . . Entailed slavery?

"You want them to think you . . . Own me? That I'm your . . . Your Muggle-born slave?" She let out a shocked, disbelieving laugh, pointing at herself. "Me? Are you joking?"

Malfoy didn't blink.

"Voldemort was going to enslave us, wasn't he?" Hermione breathed, shock rendering her unable to speak at a louder volume.

Malfoy averted his eyes. "The strongest of you. The rest . . ."

Hermione closed her eyes, taking a shuddering breath. She felt weak. "Death. He wanted the weaker ones dead."

"Yes," he said softly. "The strongest ones, he planned to . . . Give to Death Eater families."

"That's . . ." She couldn't find a word for how ghastly it truly was. "So if anyone comes by, I've got to play the part of your slave, otherwise it won't make sense that I'm there. Will you hurt me?"

"Granger . . ."

"I want to know what I should be prepared for," she snapped. "Will you hurt me?"

"I won't let anything happen to you."

"That doesn't answer my question." She turned to look towards the door, struggling to contain her anger. If it weren't for her plan to go to the Ministry, she would tell him to bugger off and never speak to him again for suggesting such an uncivilized thing. Because she knew that back then, he must have been involved in plans for this . . . This human slavery. He must have wanted it to some degree, since he took the Mark, since he let the Death Eaters in.

He grabbed her chin gently and turned her face to look at him. She could feel the heat of his body pressed against her side.

"Granger," he said, his eyes trained on hers. "I will not let anyone hurt you. I promise. I will protect you. Anything I ask you to do, will not be something you can't handle."

She tried to keep the ire out of her voice. "And if someone else tells you to do something to me?"

"I won't let anyone hurt you," he repeated.

She felt her cheeks heating again, her mind marveling at everything she'd just heard. What would her life have looked like if they'd lost the war? What would have happened to her? She was one of the strong ones, she knew it. Who would she have been sold to? The Carrows? The Goyles? Merlin forbid, the Crabbes?

The Malfoys?

"Very well," she finally said. "I'll follow your rules. Because I trust you."

He let her chin go, almost recoiling. She saw a strange glint pass across his eyes and his eyes dropped to her lips for a moment. "You . . . What?"

She hugged her arms, lowering her eyes. She hadn't realized how heavy a statement that was. "I trust you. Merlin knows why, but I do. I think I trust you more than I trust my own friends."

He stared at her for a long time, his eyes continuing to linger on her lips, and she hugged herself tighter. The air between them had grown thick, charged. Hermione didn't know how she knew, but what she'd said had been important to him. In some shape or form, she'd told him something he needed to hear.

"We're late for our next classes," he said, standing up. Without waiting for her go ahead, he gripped her elbows and hauled her to her feet. She stood there as he fussed over her hair for a moment and then chucked her beneath the chin. "Remember what I said - you do whatever I say. Voldemort's followers . . . Some were more vicious. The things I may ask you do will be safer than if you were completely at their mercy."

"Like Fenrir Greyback," Hermione whispered.

His brows twitched, and Hermione wondered if he remembered the awful things Fenrir had promised her when she was whimpering and sobbing beneath Bellatrix's wand.

"Like Greyback," he confirmed, and then he turned her around and pushed her gently toward the door. "Let's go."

Hermione gave Malfoy a small wave as she went to DADA, and he merely smirked in return and went to whichever class he had at the end of the day. She was so lost in thought, filled with fear and uneasiness, that she didn't even feel ashamed when she walked into class late.

"All right, Hermione?" Bill whispered as he walked past her desk during bookwork time.

Hermione stared up at him for a moment, thinking of his scar, the werewolves, the laws, and Voldemort. Thinking of what Malfoy might have to do just to keep her safe that weekend.

"I'm not sure," she said.

Hermione was quiet at dinner, and barely flinched when Malfoy and Blaise entered the Great Hall together. They did not sit beside her, much to her chagrin, and went to their regular end of the table. Malfoy glanced at her as he walked by, but was in the middle of saying something to Blaise, so she couldn't read his expression. Around her, her friends talked amiably, and when an owl swooped in to deliver a letter to Luna, that was the only time Hermione perked up.

"My father's on board," Luna said with a smile. "He says 10:15am on Saturday, come to the department, and he'll let you see the files. All very secret, of course."

"Brilliant," Ron said from beside her, voice low. "And we've got the cloak - I got it from Harry after Potions."

"Excellent," Hermione said, her excitement breaking through the fog.

She shot a quick glance down to Malfoy, who was eating a steak that didn't look all the way cooked.

She didn't know how she was going to pull this off. She didn't know if she was ever going to stop being terrified of Voldemort, even now that he was dead. She didn't know why she'd agreed to do whatever Malfoy said so easily, like she already was his personal slave. She didn't know why she was contemplating how to sneak out of the Manor when she was Hermione Granger, and he couldn't keep her from going to the Ministry naked and covered in honey even if he wanted to. She didn't know what was going to happen this weekend, and she certainly didn't know what she was going to discover. And she really, really didn't know why, as she sat there gazing longingly at Malfoy, she wanted him to kiss her more than she'd ever wanted anything in her life.

She didn't know anything anymore.



 

Invisible


Midnight Moon by Oh Wonder, Human by Rag'n'Bone Man, Skin and Bones by Ruelle, and Lo-Lo by Destiny Rogers

Draco POV

Draco Malfoy was nervous.

The last time he recalled feeling nervous was Christmas during his Sixth Year. He'd gone home with a heavy heart, filled to the brim with dread. He'd not had any success with the task Voldemort assigned him, and he knew that the moment he returned home, he would be punished. And punished he was, forced to take the Mark and endure the agony of several rounds of the cruciatus.

He had thought, at first, that he wanted it. That he desired to be a part of the group of "special" wizards with Voldemort's ear, with the power to directly influence the decisions that he made. Draco had learned the hard way what price it took to become a Death Eater, and he'd paid in blood and anguish.

When Draco had Hermione pinned to the Prefect's Bathroom wall, her head tilted back, her breathy moans singing in his ears, he'd realized with aching clarity that he'd do absolutely anything for her if she asked it of him. Because it wasn't just about the blood any longer. It wasn't just about him wanting to claim her and make her his. It was about making sure she was safe, about ensuring that she knew how perfect she was just for being her. About ensuring she understood just how deeply she'd crawled into his core and wrapped herself around him, somehow seeming to turn a blind eye to his shortcomings and surrender herself to him for the sake of giving him a chance to change.

No one had ever given him a chance to do anything other than be what they wanted him to be, and Granger simply wanted him to be who he was.

And so, he was nervous. Nervous to bring her there, to the Manor, to the place where she'd been scarred and tormented. Nervous to bring her to the place where he'd lost everything to Voldemort and his demonic ideals. Nervous to bring her to a place where he'd experienced everything, from his first flight on a toy broom to the destruction of his family's things by the Aurors.

Nervous to let her in.

When he woke early in the morning on Friday, the sun still had yet to rise. He knew the moment he woke that the first day of the full moon was upon him because his entire body was aflame with desire, Granger's face dancing across the planes of his mind. He'd laid there for a moment, still groggy, trying to ease his storm.

Every encounter they'd had for the last month floated through his thoughts. Every gasp from between her lips, every press of his tongue against her pulse, every time she'd pleaded with him to touch her. The way her body trembled against his as she came so sweetly, so perfectly for him. He clenched his teeth against the way his magic reared up and threatened to take over. He didn't know how he was going to be able to sit in a train car with her and Blaise - whom he had invited last minute the night before - all morning without launching himself at her.

The last time he'd experienced this type of lust, on the first day of the October Full Moon, it had caused him to nearly take Granger. His magic had overwhelmed them both, enticed them and called them to one another. He'd been nearly delirious with it, the need to be inside her, and it was all he could do to muster up the strength to trick his magic and protect her from himself. Now, it felt like it was even stronger than the first time. Just lying there in bed, thinking of the way her laughter sparkled in her eyes for a few moments after her laugh had faded out, or of the determined way she made her points known despite his opinions, or of her resolve to see his condition through and figure out exactly what he was, his skin was on fire. His entire being was on fire with her.

Draco ripped his blankets aside and stalked to the shower, turning the water cold to calm his feverish skin. Once inside, he clenched his teeth to combat the chattering as the ice-cold water ran down his body. He rested his forehead and hands against the wall, trying to push back the self-hatred.

He was weak for reneging on his promise to cease contact with her. He was weak for continuing to put her in danger. For selfishly clinging to her, begging her for blood, wrapping his fingers around her life. If it weren't for his wolf, and for the lustful magic that pulsated from his magical core, he would have been able to stay away from her. He wouldn't have had to warn her that she might have something to worry about that weekend at the Manor. The look in her eyes when he'd told her what she might have to do, what he might have to do to her, had made him want to turn his own wand on himself. She looked livid, terrified, and secure in his ability to protect her, all at once.

What he worried about the most was the second day of the full moon cycle. He was going to turn into a wolf, and he hadn't the slightest clue how he was going to traverse the situation. He knew he should tell her, that she could help him and that he wouldn't have to suffer through the agony alone like he had the first time, but he didn't want to. He didn't want her to have any reason to fear him.

Or to lose trust in him.

Granger had no idea how important it was to him, the fact that she'd shared that she trusted him. He hadn't expected it, and he'd never had anyone's trust before. Draco was so used to having to dole out trust in everyone else that he hadn't realized how it felt to have someone else put their trust in him. He didn't know how it made him feel yet, but he did know that it made him want to pull her into his arms and kiss her. To kiss her and whisper promises in her ear. It made him want to do all sorts of things with her, things that would take longer than one school year. Things that lasted for years.

What if she got hurt this weekend? What if a former or secretly-current Death Eater appeared suddenly in the Floo? What if someone challenged him and forced him to hurt her?

When it came to students at Hogwarts, Draco knew he had status. He'd spent enough time terrorizing everyone when he was younger to make it known at Hogwarts that he was someone to be feared. His status as a Death Eater sparked fear in the students. But compared to the rest of the Death Eaters? He was the student. The child. They were all sadistic, cruel, and hateful. They had dark magic poisoning their hearts and minds, and they wouldn't hesitate to turn Granger's insides out in the entryway of the Manor if he wasn't careful.

"Fuck!" he roared aloud, hauling his left arm back and slamming his fist into the wall in front of him. He'd underestimated his strength as a wolf, and a circular depression in the tiles full of cracks and crumbles stared back at him almost mockingly.

He couldn't even protect her from himself. How could he protect her from the very people he hadn't been able to protect himself from? And he was just going to bring her to the Manor when he was a day away from transforming into one of the most dangerous magical creatures? Even if his turn wasn't full again, even if only parts of him came to be, nothing would be able to erase the memory of what it felt like to have a snout full of razor-sharp teeth. Teeth that could tear her apart.

He wasn't good for her. Why couldn't she see that?

Draco put his suit on the Muggle way, his hands buttoning his cufflinks with an almost vicious anger. He glared at himself in the mirror above his armoire, silver eyes gazing back at him as if to say he was a fool. A fool and a horrible wizard. He went back to the bathroom and used product in his hair, slicking it back the way he had when he was younger, scowling at himself.

He could barely look at himself. This was a mistake. He wanted to tell her to stay at Hogwarts, but it was too late. It was too late because he was a coward, and he was selfish and he needed her. He absolutely could not experience another half-transformation alone again. He couldn't.

Once his shoes were on, he packed two extra black 3-pieces into a leather bag, and then shrunk it to fit into his trousers pocket. He spritzed on his cologne and stared at himself one last time in the mirror.

Before he could stop himself, he'd punched it, shattering his reflection. Dull pain throbbed in his knuckles, which he stared at with a sneer on his face. He deserved to lose every drop of blood that came from the cuts in his skin.

With a wave of his wand, the mirror was restored and his hand was healed. He exited his room, waving his wand again to lock the door. The hallway was dark still and when he turned to go to the stairs, he was unsurprised to see Blaise standing there. He'd felt poorly about not including him, and Granger was doing too much, carrying too much of the load. So he'd made the difficult decision to open their small, tiny circle. Even though it had felt like their own world, and a lot of it still would belong to them, he knew there were things Blaise would be able to assist him with that Granger simply couldn't. He planned to tell Blaise, at least, that he was changing, but not that he was a werewolf. He didn't want anyone to know that yet, even though he knew tomorrow there was a risk both Granger and Blaise might find out.

He hoped his wards held in his room.

"Ready for your first holiday with Granger?" Blaise whispered, holding up his lumosed wand and grinning.

"It's not a holiday," Draco said with a roll of his eyes. "I have meetings, errands."

"So she's just coming to provide . . . What? A warm cu -"

"Don't finish that sentence, mate," Draco warned, his eyes sweeping his best mate's form as if sizing him up. "She's joining us because I want her to."

Blaise smirked. "Shall I ride in a separate car?"

Draco opened his mouth to say no, but then returned his smirk. "Perhaps."

The two headed down the stairs quietly, unsurprised to see that no one was there. The fire was out, so Draco flicked his wand toward it to reignite the perpetual wood. As gentle light filtered halfway across the room from it, he headed to the kitchenette to make tea.

"So what are these meetings for?" Blaise asked, leaning over the bar. "Also, I like two lumps. Be a dear."

Draco shot him a dark look and then said, "My father's transferring everything into my name, and I have some things I need to do to finalize everything. That includes the Manor, which needs furnishing."

Blaise's face lit up and he threw both fists up into the air. "Furnitureeeee! Yes! Mate, I love furniture shopping!"

Draco cracked a grin as he waved his wand to set the water to boil. "I'm fully aware. Which is why I invited you. That, and there's a high probability that we'll be photographed in public today. By tomorrow, there could be . . . Undesirables dropping in. You understand."

Blaise's arms returned to fold atop the counter. He frowned. "I didn't think about that. You sure it's safe to bring Granger around? If she's photographed . . ."

"We've discussed it," Draco said, watching as the teapot poured itself into their teacups. He dropped two teabags in, and then crossed his arms over his chest. He leaned against the adjacent counter, peering over at Blaise. "She's prepared."

"Oh, you've discussed it," Blaise said, teasing. "I wasn't aware you two were at the discussion portion of your . . . Situationship."

Draco pursed his lips. It was difficult to lie to Blaise, even when he was being infuriating. "It's not a situationship."

"I'd say it is. And I think you know, my deduction skills are excellent. I knew you two fancied one another before you two knew."

"We do not fancy one another, tosser," Draco said, wishing he could use his Occlumency.

"Oh, Draco, Draco, Draco. You know stupidity doesn't become you. It cheapens your looks. You fancy her."

Draco sighed heavily as he scooped out two lumps of sugar for Blaise and three for himself. "You wound me, Blaise. As if I did the fancying first."

"So you admit it," Blaise said, clapping his hands once and barking a laugh. "I fuckin' knew it, mate."

Draco just shook his head. It wouldn't matter what he or Blaise said; Draco knew how he felt about Granger, and he wasn't about to blurt it out in the kitchenette in the common room. He'd told Granger at her dorm room door the previous night to be downstairs for 5:00 am, and it was already 4:55. Knowing the little swot, she'd be down right on time, if not moments early. He didn't want to get caught spilling his heart to Blaise over tea like a couple of bloody Hufflepuffs.

"So on this trip, when will I need to, you know . . . Ride the ole broom out of there?" Blaise asked, accepting his teacup from Draco.

"Merlin's sake." Draco scowled. "There won't be any of that going on."

Draco's magic wrapped its way around his throat, silently threatening him. It apparently begged to differ.

It was going to be a long day.

"I do have something important to discuss with you, Zabini," Draco said, one hand in his trousers pocket while sipping his tea. Liquids were the only things he could stomach anymore, now that human food wasn't a possibility.

"Discussions in our situationship?!" Blaise exclaimed. "Oh, Draco Malfoy, you sly hippogriff. If you want to fuck me, simply ask me to bend over."

Draco burst out laughing, unable to keep his composure. "Unfortunately for you, no. There won't be any of that going on, either." Then, he paused and shot him a scathing look. "And don't show up naked on my bed after dinner tonight."

"No promises."

"Very well. At least look enticing."

"Shall I wear lingerie, then?"

"Indeed," Draco replied, smirking and trying hard not to show that his magic was forcing him to imagine Granger wearing just such a thing. "Emerald lace, please."

"Oh, Draco," Blaise sighed, and then the two of them were laughing again.

"Good morning, Malfoy. Oh, Zabini! You're up early."

A rather large suitcase floated into sight, followed by a very bright-eyed, chipper-looking witch named Granger. She wore Muggle clothing - an oversized jumper in green, a pair of black leggings, and calf-high boots. Her hair was pulled up into a ponytail at the base of her head, and she wore a little more make-up than usual. She beamed up at both of them, and Draco averted his eyes. He hated it when she smiled.

He hated it when she smiled because he adored it, and he didn't want her to be able to read the adoration on in his eyes the same way she read her books and scrolls. She'd be able to spot the truth from where she stood.

"Green, hm?" Blaise said pointedly. "We were just discussing the color green."

Draco fought the urge to roll his eyes. "Why such a large bag, Granger? We're not off to Paris for the month."

She giggled, and it was so charming to see her do so that he had to look away again. "As if I would bring a bag this small to France. Honestly, Malfoy. We're going to be gone for three days. I needed to bring lounge clothing, pyjamas, three outfits, necessities, my toiletries, and my coursework."

"That makes one of us," Blaise said. "I'm not bringing my coursework, and I highly doubt Draco plans to do any studying, either."

"Oh, are you coming with us?" Granger smiled. "That's lovely. I'm sure we'll have a grand time."

For a moment, Draco's head spun. It was bizarre to see Hermione Granger standing there, telling Blaise Zabini that they were going to have a "grand" time on their trip to his home, the Malfoy Manor, while he stood in the kitchen and fantasized about Granger on his bed in emerald-green lingerie. Three months ago, he never would have imagined speaking to her with anything other than vehemence, and yet here they were, with weeks of heated moments, fervent feedings, and life-altering events between them.

He'd seen her at her worst already, and she'd been there for him, supplying him with her precious blood without hesitation. He still remembered the way his stomach had twisted and heart clenched that first night, when she'd acted on a hunch and cut her neck open to give her essence to him. When she'd taken care of him in a way no one else had, because she'd known what he needed and didn't want him to suffer anymore. It was simultaneously the most beautiful thing anyone had done for him, and the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen her do.

He snapped his eyes back to her, jolting out of his reverie at the sound of her and Blaise chuckling.

"Granger," he said, pulling out his wand and shrinking her suitcase down for her. "You didn't have to bring all these clothes. I would have just purchased some for you."

Granger blushed as she plucked the shrunken bag out of the air and dropped it into her purse. "Oh, well . . . I could hardly accept gifts like that from a . . . Friend."

His magic didn't like the sound of her calling him a friend. Her hesitation at the word did not go unnoticed.

"Nonsense," Blaise said, his voice very Slytherin-like. "Surely you, a girl, wouldn't turn down the prospect of a shopping spree. Fancy wizarding clothing? He's got galleons. Muggle clothing? Plastic credit cards."

Granger shot Draco a look and then her eyes darted back to Blaise. "I'm surprised you know what credit cards are. I thought Purebloods hated Muggle things."

"Why, Granger, that's where you've got me wanded all wrong," Blaise said with a flourishing bow. "Money is money, and it all spends the same."

Granger stifled another giggle. "I suppose you're right, Zabini."

"Please. Call me Blaise."

Draco downed the rest of his tea in one gulp. The last thing he wanted to see was Blaise flirting with Granger. He wanted them to get along, not eye-fuck each other all day. He felt his wolf stirring, watching the exchange with narrowed eyes. His magic covered him in a thick blanket of envy as he watched them interact.

"Shall we head down the hill?" Draco said, waving his wand to send his teacup to wash itself. "McGonagall prepared a carriage to the train for us."

"That was kind of her," Granger said. "I told her I was going with you, but she didn't seem too fond of the idea."

"I'm not surprised," Draco said, walking out of the kitchenette. "Two strapping Slytherins, one innocent Gryffindor."

Granger snorted. "Sounds like this video on the Internet . . ."

As he neared her, his nostrils were assailed with the freesia scent of her perfume, and he nearly staggered backward. He felt his stomach flip, his magic straining to pull him closer to her, begging him to at least touch her face, neck, anything. He placed a hand on the counter, focusing on the coolness of the marble beneath his palm to ground himself. He tried not to think about the fact that she moaned loud enough to wake the dead when she orgasmed.

He hated the full moon.

"The Inter-what?" Draco and Blaise said at the same time.

It was strange being on the Hogwarts Express when the cars weren't bustling with life and excitement. It wasn't difficult to find a compartment, obviously, and Draco watched as Granger took one side and Blaise took the other. Above them, two lanterns bathed the compartment in an orange glow. Blaise's cheeky grin was almost enough to make Draco draw his wand and hex him.

Almost.

"Well, who'll it be, Drakey-poo?" Blaise grinned, tucking his hands behind his head and crossing his ankles on the cushion beside Granger's thighs.

Draco's eyes lingered on the placement of his feet, wondering if Blaise would enjoy having them removed, and then he gracefully placed himself beside the Slytherin. He crossed his left leg over his right knee and adjusted the lapels of his blazer, fixing Granger with a smoldering look. Just as he'd expected her to, she shifted in her seat, crossing her legs and gazing back at him with a bit of a shy expression.

"It's quite early," she said, clearing her throat. "Don't you think?"

"It is," Blaise said with a majestic yawn. "If you'd like a pillow to nap on, my lap is -"

"Blaise, mate," Draco said, lifting his left hand and clapping Blaise on the shoulder. "Did I ever tell you about the Manor's dungeons?"

Blaise rolled his eyes. "Let me guess. You're about to tell me that you'll throw me in them if I don't stop having a go at your bird."

Granger spluttered. "His what? I'm not - we're not - I mean, honestly, Blaise."

Draco smirked at him, squeezing his shoulder. "You always were bright, Blaise. But no. I was merely about to say that if you don't stop having a go at Granger, I'll throw your head in the dungeons. Just your head. And your body will become fertilizer for the newest addition to my garden. Say, what do you think of gardenias?"

"Honestly, Draco!" Granger exclaimed suddenly, the sudden use of his name causing his eyes to snap to look at her.

His magic nearly blasted outwards at the sight of her, the apples of her cheeks a bright pink, her hair frizzing, and her eyes full of sparks. She was riled up and when she got brassed off, she looked positively shaggable. His eyes swept the length of her torso deliberately, his smirk deepening when she squirmed like a lacefly about to be thrown into a boiling hot potion.

"You two are just like Harry and Ron," Granger said, fixing them with stern looks. "Incessantly and overabundantly annoying."

"Tosh," Draco said, running his fingers through his hair.

"We're quite possibly more incessantly, overabundantly annoying," Blaise added.

"I'm beginning to think so," Granger said.

The train horn began to blow, which felt excessive for a trip with three passengers, and then began to chug its way out of the station. Outside the window, it was still dark and as Draco watched the darkness absentmindedly for a second, he felt a flash of fear. That night, the full moon would likely make him feel a very intense desire to drag Granger into his bedroom. And tomorrow night, it would put him through an agonizing night of Hell. Right now, this train ride, felt like the calm before the storm. It was only a matter of time before everything fell apart.

They sat in silence for a bit, Blaise looking out the window, Granger inspecting the ends of her hair, and Draco gazing at Granger.

Draco wondered what Granger thought about the information he'd revealed to her the previous afternoon. Voldemort's desire to use Muggle-borns for his own sinister purposes was no doubt a shock to her psyche, if her reaction was anything to go by, and he knew for a fact that it was what many Purebloods wanted. Most Pureblood families thought Muggle-borns were automatically below them in status, and when Voldemort's Death Eaters began to spread the word of what would happen to them after they won the war, they began to grow hungry for more than just blood. Looking at Granger now, thinking about all the moments they'd shared and things they'd discussed, he couldn't imagine her surviving an ordeal as a Death Eater's slave. Not when the things they would have done to her were almost unspeakable.

He liked to imagine that, were they to have won, he would have asked for his father to purchase Granger. He'd hated her enough back then to where he believed he might have jumped at the chance to continue the bullying at home. But that just made him feel angry with himself, and the self-hatred warred with his magic. He told himself that maybe he wouldn't have been cruel to her forever. Maybe he would have turned his mind towards her, helped her.

But he knew that was just wishful thinking.

"Brooding again, Drakey-poo?" Blaise nudged him.

"What?" Draco scoffed. "I don't brood. And what is with the nickname? It's terrible."

Blaise and Granger exchanged glances and then began to laugh, and Draco narrowed his eyes at her.

"What's so funny, witch?"

"You, Malfoy. Saying you don't brood is an outright lie. You brood; it's in your eyebrows and that . . . Thing you do with your eyes." Granger smiled and gestured to his face.

"What thing?" he asked, affronted.

"The thing," she insisted, waving a hand. "You know, the thing. Your eyes go dark, your eyebrows get quite low on your forehead, and you just . . . Look at people."

Draco's eyebrows shot up as he stared at her in confusion.

Blaise said, "Which look are you talking about, Granger? That one sounds like the 'I'm-undressing-Granger-with-my-mind' look. And don't you dare say 'honestly'!" He pointed at her. "Don't you do it."

Granger began to laugh, holding her stomach from how hard her mirth hit her. She doubled over, giggling harder every time she tried to speak, and Blaise and Draco looked at one another with amusement. Draco watched her laugh, let her laugh, for a few moments because he hadn't seen her laugh this way since Sixth Year with her friends at the Gryffindor breakfast table. She deserved it. If there was one thing Draco could do for her, it was to let her have a bloody laugh at his expense.

And there was the look.

She opened her eyes, wiping tears from the corners of them, and when she looked at Draco, the laughter lingered in her honey-brown irises, fading like the last of the sunlight on a warm Summer evening.

Worth it, he thought.

"So," Blaise said. "What's the plan for today, then?"

"Well," Draco said, eyes lingering on Granger's face before they went to Blaise, "Today, I'd like to go to Diagon Alley and Muggle London because, as I told you Blaise, the Manor needs to befurnished."

"We're furnishing the entire Manor in one day?" Granger's eyes nearly popped out of her head.

"You haven't furnished a wizard's home, have you?" Blaise asked. "Most things in Diagon Alley can be delivered with the wave of a wand, dear Granger. If we purchased anything in Muggle London, it would be for the aesthetic of it all."

"Oh, I see," she said. "Sounds like it will be a busy day."

"Quite," Draco said, picking a piece of lint off of his shoulder. "Then I suppose we'll take dinner in the Dining Hall this evening. What do you say, Blaise?"

"I'm impartial," Blaise said with a shrug.

Granger looked a bit pale. "Dining Hall?"

"Yes, it's too big to be a room," Draco explained.

"I gathered that."

Draco smirked to himself again. She may dislike the Drawing Room, but he had a feeling she'd be in awe of the rest of the Manor. And if she had intentions of helping him through his situation as a magical creature, then she might be spending a lot more time there when the school year was over. Draco already knew exactly which of the 15 rooms they had in the Manor would be hers, and as long as they avoided the Drawing Room for a bit, he had a feeling she'd grow to like it.

He blinked.

He felt a bit dumbstruck, sitting there, thinking about having a room for Granger in his home, imagining her around for years to come. He'd surely gone mental.

"Draco, what did you want to discuss with me?" Blaise asked. "You said you had something important . . . ?"

Draco hesitated, his eyes darting across the space to Granger. She tilted her head to the side curiously, her eyes squinting a bit as her mind worked to discern what Blaise was referencing. Draco had been so sure that he wanted Blaise to be informed, but now that the time had come, the words weren't exactly springing to his lips as quickly and easily as he would have liked.

"I did, and it's . . . Weird to say," Draco said, placing both of his feet flat on the floor. He leaned forward, elbows resting on his thighs, and interlaced his fingers. "It's difficult."

Granger's eyes met his and then her eyebrows shot up. She knew what he was trying to say.

"Blaise, what do you know of magical creatures?" she asked, tearing her eyes away from Draco and looking to Blaise.

Blaise smiled but his brows knit together, confusion evident on his face. "You mean like, centaurs, faeries, stuff like that?"

"Yes," she said.

"Well . . . I mean, about as much as the two of you," he said. "Why?"

Granger looked to Draco, who merely shrugged. For some reason, it felt like she would be able to explain it easier to him than he could and even though he knew he should probably be the one to do it, there was something relieving about letting her take the reins in this when he didn't seem to be able to let her take the reins in anything else.

"Malfoy's been . . . Going through a hard time," she said slowly, her eyes boring into Blaise's. "Do you understand?"

Blaise laughed a bit. "What, you mean like he's a creature? I mean, yeah, he acts like a complete troll, but I wouldn't go so far as to say he's a creature."

"That's . . . That's exactly what I mean. Malfoy is becoming something. Something that we don't understand."

Blaise looked back and forth between the two of them, laughing. "Are you muggin' me off? Taking the piss? You two are barmy. Malfoy's not a fuckin' creature. What the fuck?"

Granger sighed and, in that swotty way she always seemed to go the extra Quidditch pitch to prove her points, she held her arm out. Draco's magic began to shudder and prowl, realizing what she was about to do, and his eyes snapped up to look at her outstretched hand. He felt the edges of everything beginning to blur, his senses honing in on her scent and the sound of her blood pulsing underneath her skin. As she pulled her wand out, shooting Blaise a "Don't say I didn't warn you" look, Draco felt his muscles tense up. He sat up a bit, his tongue darting out to wet his lips.

"Oi, what's this then?" Blaise laughed as though they were a couple of nutters. "He reads your palm? Divination? I have no idea what . . ."

Blaise trailed off as he saw Draco slowly slide to the floor on his knees. Draco no longer cared that his friend was there. He hadn't realized how hungry he was until he saw her lift her hand and reveal her delicate wrist. And today, the first day of the full moon cycle, it felt like his hunger was raging through his body like a wildfire, ripping past any forms of decorum and any sensibilities that he had.

"Watch, Blaise," Granger murmured, her eyes scanning Draco's face. She held her wand to her wrist, gave him one last look, and then looked at Draco. "Do you want it?"

Draco felt a ripple of desire run from the top of his head to the bottoms of his feet. His hands rested on the cushion on either side of her thighs. He resisted the urge to grab onto them with great difficulty. He tried not to pant, the thought of the fresh, warm blood filling his mouth pounding against his skull with desperation.

Blaise watched, entranced, as Draco nodded.

"I said," Granger repeated firmly, and he saw a very Slytherin glint to her eye, "Do you . . . Want it?"

His eyes darted to hers anxiously, his fingers curving into the cushions. His enhanced strength caused him to rip right through the fabric, to the fluff that lined the leather, and he heard Blaise gasp behind him.

"Yes," Draco said hoarsely. Somewhere in the back of his mind, his real self was screaming, mortified at his weakness, but his magic told him it was necessary. His wolf said that it was the right course of action. His body leaned closer to her, a ragged gasp escaping his lips as she opened her mouth to whisper the spell.

"Diffindo," she said, offering him a small, encouraging smile.

Draco's hands shot out and he clutched her by the forearm and hand. He consumed her blood almost ravenously, the lust running through him being nearly impossible to fight. He wanted to pin her down on the floor of the carriage, right there in front of Blaise. He wanted to tear her leggings open and sink into the depths of her, until he felt her fluttering around him with release. He wanted to claim every part of her, and then he wanted to feed until he couldn't take another drop.

"St-Stop," Granger said breathlessly, trying to take her hand back.

Draco snarled, his eyes glaring up at her as he drank greedily. He'd heard her, he knew that she was revoking her consent, but he couldn't stop. He tried, but it felt like he was fighting against a raging sea. His magic held him in place, forcing him to drink and drink and drink.

"Malfoy, please stop," she said, her voice stronger.

Draco mustered up all of his strength, all of it, and silently begged his wolf and his magic to let her go. He felt it relenting, just for a moment, and then he fell backward onto his rump, resting one elbow on his knee and running his fingers through his hair with the other. He licked the blood off of his lips, panting heavily for breath as he fought his carnal urges. He felt ashamed of his inability to cease, but at the same time, he knew now that Blaise would believe them.

"What the actual fuck, though?" Blaise had moved to the corner by the window, and his eyes were wild with terror.

"Episkey," Granger said, and she healed herself. When Draco looked up at her for a moment, he saw that she was flustered. He felt his stomach twist, and he forced himself to move and sit down in his seat. She patted down her hair, which Draco was beginning to see was something she did whenever she became flustered, and then she looked at Blaise, repeating her earlier statement. "Malfoy is becoming something."

Malfoy wished he could tell her that he already was something, but he remained silent. He couldn't look at Blaise. He could barely look at her. His eyes bounced around the compartment, his magic trembling as shame warred with lust. He felt ashamed of himself for not stopping, for filling Granger with fear like that for even a moment. Because he knew she feared what would happen if one day he didn't stop. He knew she feared he would drain her.

"What in Merlin's name is he becoming?" Blaise asked, gulping visibly.

"We don't know," Draco said, finally mustering up the courage to speak. He leaned forward on his elbows again. "It's . . . Complicated."

Blaise slowly scooted closer. "Are you . . . Are you perhaps a vampire? I remember the day you couldn't seem to stomach anything. And the other day, all you could eat was barely-cooked meat. Was that related?"

"We crossed that one off the list, but yes, I'm certain the inability to stomach human food is part of it," Granger said. "With his symptoms, he's likely a Veela."

Blaise placed a hand on the back of Draco's neck when he was leaned forward, and Draco felt his support through his touch. "And what are the symptoms, mate?"

Granger continued to answer, as Draco expected. "He's fast, strong, territorial, and there's a bit of a . . . Lust issue. And obviously, he consumes blood."

"Your blood?"

Granger blushed. "Yes, mine."

There was silence, silence during which Draco held his breath. What would Blaise say? What did he think? Draco wasn't a very outspoken person, but he was no doubt an emotional one. If Blaise rejected him, or became terrified of him, or even if he told anyone what Draco was going through, Draco felt the loss of the friendship would hurt worse than the betrayal. The air between the three students was muffled, thick with unsaid words and concerns.

Finally, Blaise spoke.

"A lust issue, hm?" His smirk was practically audible as he patted Draco's back a couple of times.

Granger seemed to heave the same sigh of relief that Draco did.

"I'm sure we don't need to go into details," Granger huffed. "But yes, it is an issue. If he's a Veela, which I'm sure he is, then there is a large obstacle to overcome regarding . . . Well, the lust issue."

Draco and Blaise both looked at her. Draco couldn't deny that he was curious, even though he knew he wasn't a Veela. Because even now as he sat there, he could feel the swirl of his magic, wrapping its way around his wolf, a second entity within him. Could it be that he had a third entity? Was that even possible to be both a Veela and a werewolf?

"Veelas are unique in that they must find and mark a mate before a certain point in their life," Granger explained, crossing her legs and tucking her hair behind her ears. Draco's eyes caressed her, following the movements. "If they don't find this mate, perform the magical bonding ceremony, and bite them somewhere on their body, then the Veela will wither and die. If Malfoy is a Veela . . . Then he could only have a matter of time. The oldest living unmated Veela was 20, and that was in 1835 in Romania."

Blaise said, "And this ceremony . . . Have you performed it?"

Draco stiffened, recalling the last full moon. He remembered the way the magic had shimmered through the air, visible and alive, mingling with the moonlight. He remembered how it had filled him, urging him to claim her, and it had been all he could do just to keep their clothes on and protect her.

It seemed Granger had really been doing her research. He hadn't realized that by protecting her, keeping his hold on his faculties as much as possible, he could possibly be bringing himself closer to the brink of death.

But then that meant that it might be possible that he was both werewolf and Veela. Because werewolves did not consume blood, and Draco certainly did. Without it, he felt like he was withering. Withering away into nothingness by the day.

But if he was a werewolf and a Veela, that meant that Crabbe also was, because Crabbe was the only one he'd encountered that year that had managed to break his skin. Which meant that suffering from lycanthropy and being a Veela was possible. And if that were true, then Granger was right: his time was limited.

His mind spun.

"It is my belief," Granger said, her eyes avoiding Draco's, "that we performed a false bonding ceremony."

"Details," Blaise said.

"I am not giving details."

"Oh, but you've simply got to. Details. Details now, darling."

"No, I -"

"But you must -"

"I won't -"

Draco threw his hands up into the air. "For Merlin's sake, Blaise. We rutted like horny Fifth Years. Is that what you wanted to hear? It was exceedingly difficult to keep myself from shagging her lights out, and now I can't seem to keep my hands off of her when I'm feeding. Is that what you wanted to know?"

"All right, don't get your pants in a twist, mate," Blaise laughed, gripping the back of Draco's neck again. "I'm only joking. It had to be difficult, yeah?"

"Oh, it was," Draco muttered, looking at Granger for a moment before he looked down at the carpeted floor. "Exponentially."

"Well," Granger spluttered, obviously embarrassed, "That's . . . That's besides the p-point. The real issue is the lifespan. We don't know what yours is. Other Veelas can look into your magical core and tell, but other than that, you're flying a broom blindfolded."

"So the sooner he mates, the better," Blaise said. "Just in case he is one. Is that what this trip is for?"

Draco felt his magic beginning to rise up and ooze out of him at the thought of him mating with Granger in a matter of hours, and his mind became assailed with images that were likely to frizz Granger's hair to the ceiling. Across from him, Granger choked on air.

"Honestly, Blaise!" she cried. "That's not what this trip is for! I'm simply here to provide -"

"Sustenance," Draco murmured, his eyes lingering on her throat.

Blaise's gaze traveled from Granger to Draco to where Draco was looking and then he grinned. "Wicked."

"Wicked?" Granger scoffed and crossed her arms over her chest. "I think not. I should like to think that, as his best mate, you would understand above everyone else that he's struggling."

Draco rolled his eyes. "I'm not struggling."

"Yes, you are. You are struggling, and -"

"I'm not struggling," Draco said firmly, his expression deadpan from behind his laced-together fingers.

"Oh, you're not?"

He recognized the challenge in her eyes too late.

Granger whipped her wand out and held it to her neck, spitting out the slicing spell with deliberate intensity. Blaise gasped in shock and Draco felt his body erupt with an explosion of violent yearning. Every nerve ending in his body seemed to fire at once and, forgetting himself, where they were, who she was, and that Blaise was there, he launched himself across the compartment.

Granger cried out as, with a vicious snarl, he pushed her onto her back on the seat. He drank the blood voraciously, his heart pounding and mind aflame with hunger. He kept one knee on the cushion and one foot on the floor, his hands wrapped around her small waist and pinning her down. He knew, in the back of his mind, that this was absolutely wrong. That he should be fighting harder against his magic. But he couldn't, not with the blood sizzling down into his core, not with her body underneath his.

He hated himself for this.

Blaise jumped to his feet, whipping out his wand, but Granger held up one bloodstained, trembling hand. Her other hand cradled the back of Draco's head, and he felt her fingers in his hair.

"Stop, Blaise, it's okay," she said breathlessly. "He needs this. He needs to understand."

"A-All right," Blaise stammered, but he didn't lower his wand.

"It's okay," Hermione repeated, voice coming out in a whisper, and Draco realized she was saying it to him. "Malfoy, it's okay."

But it wasn't okay. It wasn't okay, and it never would be okay. This loss of control, this sense of stifling shame, would be his to carry upon his shoulders for the rest of his life. He was a monster, to put it plainly, and the worst part was that neither Blaise nor Granger knew just how dangerous of a creature he was. Neither of them knew the truth.

His wolf watched idly, biding its time. Tomorrow, it told Draco. Tomorrow.

Draco pulled himself back, sliding down to the floor in a heap. He started to lean forward, and instead of his head hitting the cushion, his forehead rested against her abdomen. She had twisted herself around and scooted forward, wrapping her arm around his head. Draco leaned into the comfort, no longer caring how it looked, and closed his eyes as if the darkness could hide him from himself. From everyone.

"Bloody Hell," Blaise breathed, and then he came to sit beside Granger. Draco opened his eyes slightly to see Blaise looking down at him, appearing more concerned than he'd ever seen him look.

"It's all right," Granger said soothingly, her hands combing through Draco's hair. She obviously didn't mind the product in it, he thought faintly. "You're okay."

Draco couldn't seem to register anything other than that nothing was okay, and that he'd never felt safer in his life than he felt when he was cradled by Granger this way. Sitting with his hands resting limply in his lap, his legs folded beneath him on the floor, he felt like a small child. He'd hurt her, without hesitation, too many times.

He didn't deserve her.

"No offense, Granger, but . . . He doesn't seem okay," Blaise muttered. "This isn't like him."

Granger kept her fingers moving along Draco's scalp, calming the wolf and the magic within him. He felt numb.

"No offense to you as well, Blaise, but . . . This is like him," she murmured. "This is the person you never see."

"The person he shows you."

"Yes, I . . . I suppose so," Granger whispered, and then she surprised Draco by sliding onto the floor. He felt her hands on his face, and he gazed blearily at her through a blood-drunk gaze. Then, she pulled his head to her chest. Her arms embraced him, holding him close, and he wondered how he had ever managed to go so long without discovering what it felt like to be held.

"Here," Blaise said. "Episkey. Tergeo."

"Thank you," Granger said, and Draco felt the hum of her voice in her chest. He had the strangest urge to purr.

"So, what do you plan to do?" Blaise asked.

"I'm not sure," Granger said. "I've done all the research I can so far. Somehow, I have a feeling we'll know for sure sooner than we think."

"Hm . . ."

Draco allowed the gentle vibrations of her voice, the scraping of her nails along his scalp, and the warmth of her body to lull him into a light slumber.

O

When Draco's eyes snapped open, he was acutely aware of the fact that he was no longer on the floor. He was stretched out on the seat, his face buried in the fabric of Granger's jumper, his arms wrapped tightly around her waist. With his head pillowed on her lap, her fingers absentmindedly playing with his long, platinum hair, he realized that he could likely sleep the entire three days right here on the train. Merlin knew he'd prefer it to the agonizingly painful transformation that awaited him the next evening.

He inhaled deeply, her scent filling his entire being, and he nuzzled his head deeper into her stomach, tightening his hold. He could hear the train engine chugging along, signifying that they were still on their journey, and it almost threatened to put him back to sleep. Above him, he could hear the pages of a book turning and across the way, the rustle of papers.

"I wonder what Minister Shacklebolt plans to do about the magical creatures who went missing," Blaise said, his tone conversational.

Granger's fingers paused in their combing motions, and Draco fought the urge to make an indignant groan. She resumed her massage. "I reckon they'll continue the investigation, especially since Fenrir Greyback's been so involved."

"Tch," Blaise said, and the Prophet rustled again. "That bleedin' monster's got something planned, I'd bet my galleons on it. While Voldemort was flitting about like a bird in heat, Greyback was spending his time revelling."

"Revelling?"

"Killing, raping, pillaging, plundering . . . Like a bloody pirate, he was." Blaise scowled. "I nearly killed him myself once, when I saw him going after a Muggle-born child. If it weren't for Draco, I would have."

"He stopped you?"

"Yes, and he stopped Greyback. He'd never admit it, but I don't think Draco had the stomach to be a Death Eater. He managed to send the little girl off with some galleons and a portkey, but Greyback nearly tore his head off. And he looked proper terrified."

"He saved a Muggle-born?" Draco kept his eyes closed, but he could feel her gaze on the side of his face. He remembered that incident, but he didn't like to think about it. Seventh Year was a dark time for himself.

"Surprised?" Blaise chuckled mirthlessly. "Draco may be a Malfoy, but he's never been his father's son. Not truly."

They were quiet for a long time, and Draco wondered why he didn't feel affronted at Blaise's insinuation that he was weak. He clearly remembered the memory Blaise spoke of, remembered walking into his home with Blaise in tow on Winter holiday, seeing Greyback leering over a Second Year being held down by Snatchers and members of his pack. The girl had been a well-known Muggle-born at Hogwarts, and while he knew in the past he'd thought he hated Muggle-borns, he'd begun to think that it was strange how whenever Voldemort allowed Greyback to torture one, their blood was just as red as his.

He remembered the bile that had leapt to his throat, and how long it had taken him to react. Because when he really thought about it, he always had been a coward, even more so back then, and it was Blaise who was quick to the draw. Malfoy knew Voldemort was in the house at that time. He knew how important Greyback was in his ranks, and knew that Blaise needed to put his wand down. So he stepped in front of him and pulled his own wand out. He wasn't a Gryffindor, but he knew when to act like one.

He supposed that perhaps, Blaise wasn't telling the story to Granger to showcase it as a moment of weakness.

Draco felt his wolf stretching its magic long and languid throughout his entire body. He felt the lust burning through him again, rife with a yearning to press his face deeper against Granger's body. He curled his fingers into the back of her jumper, longing to slip them underneath the hem and feel her bare skin. He felt her thighs shift a bit beneath his head.

"What I can't discern is how on Earth Greyback not only escaped trial, but was awarded custody of Death Eater estates," Granger said, and Draco fought another urge to groan as her fingers agitatedly twisted around some of his hair. "From what I read, werewolves aren't allowed to hold properties."

"Perhaps I can shed some light on that," Blaise said, and Draco heard him closing and folding the paper. "I'm planning to study magical law after graduation, so I've done quite a bit of research myself. You see - and I mean no offense by this - you're a Gryffindor. And being a Gryffindor, that means you have a tendency to see only the good in people, when you want to. And I think because of that, you're missing the blaring answer when it's staring you right in the face."

"What d'you mean?"

"I mean . . . Every wizard can be bought for some price or another, Granger. Even the Wizengamot. Even Minister Shacklebolt."

Granger's fingers pushed some of Draco's hair behind his ear, and he forced himself to stay still as they brushed the shell of his ear repeatedly. His breathing quickened, shallowed. He could feel his blood heating up.

"No, he . . . You don't think . . . ? Do you suspect Greyback promised him something? Money? He's a Minister, for Merlin's sake."

"Exactly, and that why I didn't mention the word money. My guess is, Greyback's paid someone - or perhaps multiple people - off with something, some promise. Did you notice how only the prominent Death Eaters were captured and punished? I don't know if Draco's ever told you, but there are thousands of Death Eaters. Voldemort didn't have followers. He had an army."

"Yesterday, he may have mentioned it," Granger said, trailing her fingers thoughtfully along the line of Draco's jaw.

"Well, he was telling you the truth. Voldemort was only the branch on a very large tree with deep roots," Blaise said bitterly. "It's not just about Muggle-borns. It's about corruption. Wide-scale corruption on a society-wide level. I'm sure you've read about werewolf laws?"

"They're abhorrent."

"Then I'm sure you can glean what I speak of," Blaise said. "Greyback's likely done a masterful job of waltzing around the dancefloor with the right people. He's managed to play on the hearts of witches and wizards like you, to gain their support under the guise of rallying against unfair treatment against magical creatures. The philanthropy is all part of the ruse."

"I thought he was . . . Barbaric. Primitive, almost."

"Primitive, I think not. Sadistic, yes. But when he wants something, he's got as forked a tongue as any Slytherin. I'm certain of it: Greyback's planning something. Tell me, have you read much Muggle literature? Seeing as you're . . . Well, from that side of the world."

"Of course."

"Have you studied a Muggle named Adolf Hitler? He operated under a similar pattern. He was able to charm his way to the top, and once he was there, he began to tear apart the fabric of his society, until -"

"He rebuilt his empire on death." Granger's fingers caressed Draco's cheek. "And you think Greyback is . . . ?"

"Manufacturing. Building. Constructing." Blaise's voice was grave. "I fear he's continuing what Voldemort started, but molding it in his image."

They fell into an almost stunned silence, during which Draco allowed himself to think for a moment. It was no secret that Greyback was brutal. So brutal, in fact, that he seemed almost primal in his lack of reason and intelligence. At least, that's how he'd seemed during the war.

At first.

As the war waged on, Draco had begun to notice a distinctly calculated path amongst Greyback's seemingly haphazard kills. A Muggle-born here, a Blood-traitor there. Entire Muggle families ripped limb-from-limb. Upon close inspection, Draco had realized that the people he was killing were all wealthy.

Draco hadn't thought anything of it, thinking perhaps Greyback liked filling his coffers with coin. But the further into the war they proceeded, the more he realized that the only time Greyback was brutal was when he was killing. When his claws were clean of blood, his eyes were bright, alert. Watching.

Waiting.

Was Voldemort's demise what he'd been waiting for?

"I still don't know how he managed to win the estates against the law," Granger murmured, her lap shifting beneath him again. "Shouldn't someone be . . . Protesting?"

"I believe the werewolves and other magical creatures aren't contesting because he's using the funds to help them. I believe the imprisoned Death Eaters aren't contesting because he's discussed whatever he plans fully with them. And I firmly believe that the Death Eaters in hiding - the thousands in Voldemort's Army who were not caught - are simply looking for a new spearhead. Being Voldemort's chief executioner, he provides the ruthlessness that Voldemort possessed. The ruthlessness they need to start craving death and war."

"And what of the side of light?" Granger asked, and her fingers came to rest on Draco's throat. He resisted, with all of his power, the desire to tilt his neck into her grip and beg her to squeeze. In his right mind, he would have sat up and engaged in this conversation, for Greyback's plan directly factored in with his own plans to sever ties with the side of dark. But because his mind was hazy with a fervent need to pull her closer and taste her skin beneath his tongue, he simply laid there. "Why aren't more of them protesting?"

"That is the question. And it's not one I think we'll be finding out until the hidden Death Eaters are knocking down our doors."

Granger tapped her fingers against Draco's neck in what was obviously deep thought. "I don't know if you know this about me, Blaise. But I'm not the type of witch who likes to wait for war to come to her."

Draco felt a chill run down his spine, unbidden. He knew she was right, and he knew that Blaise knew that. He knew that the war had gone exactly as Granger suspected it would: a thundering loss for the side of dark. They hadn't lost just because the side of light defeated them.

Voldemort lost because the side of light had Hermione Granger.

"I think I'll walk the train and stop at the loo," Blaise said softly. "You might want to rouse him. The train should be pulling in within the next thirty minutes."

As he passed by them, Draco felt Blaise's hand on his upper back. Then, the compartment door slid open and shut.

The silence was oppressive. Draco's mind was wiped clean of everything related to Greyback the moment the door shicked shut. He snuggled closer to his witch, breathing in her scent, and then he exhaled heavily.

His wolf could smell her arousal, and that was most curious.

"I know you're awake," Granger said, her tone a bit clipped.

Draco didn't care to banter. He groaned, his voice a bit muffled by the fabric of her clothing. "Mmm . . . You smell so good . . ."

She gasped when his face nuzzled against her lower abdomen, and he felt her hips jerk forward. His hands finally traveled the path he wanted them to: up the back of her jumper, fingers tickling her searing hot skin. His eyes were open, but his vision was blocked by the fabric, and he was sorely tempted to tuck his head up underneath it and press kisses to the undersides of her breasts.

Instead, he moved his hands and rolled onto his back, his hair falling away from his forehead as he gazed up at her through lidded, lustful eyes. Her cheeks were rouged, her hair falling in luxurious curls to her elbows, and her lips looked fuller than usual. He could see her chest rising and falling rapidly, and he found the needy look in her eyes rather alluring.

Draco sat up, scooting until his back was to her legs, and then he turned to face her. He placed his left hand on the cushion by her hip, trapping her body between his side and arm. Still not saying anything, drinking in the sight of her flushed skin, he took her chin in his right hand and tilted it up. Her eyelids were fluttering, and he knew she was waiting for him to kiss her. He knew that she wanted it more than anything.

He held himself back, though. He held himself back because he was unsure. Unsure of what would happen. Unsure of how he felt. Unsure of his worth. Unsure why no matter how hard he tried to take a different journey, all paths seemed to lead right back to her.

He wished he knew if it was the magic telling him that, or himself.

"I want you," he whispered, his eyes scanning the entirety of her face.

Her blush deepened in its crimson color. "Wh-What?"

"I said, I want you. Do I really need to repeat myself?" He tilted his head to the side, almost as if inspecting something curious, and then his fingers trailed down the side of her throat.

"Right here?" She was stammering, but he felt her thighs pressing together again. "Right now?"

He leaned forward, kissing a slow, hot path along her jaw, tucking her hair behind her ear. He felt her back arching upwards at the puff of his breath caressing her. "Not here, you silly bint."

"Could have fooled me," she murmured, turning her face towards his.

Draco yanked his head back and gripped her chin firmly in his hand. He fixed her with a stern look.

"And it doesn't bother you?"

"What doesn't?"

Merlin, she is not street-smart. "That I want to fuck you."

She seemed to deflate, her eyes immediately falling downward and her cheeks darkening with a blush. It was almost amusing, the contrast between swot Granger and his Granger. She was a wonder of a witch until he got a hold of her, and then she was as malleable as clay.

"No, it . . . It doesn't." Her voice was small, barely above a whisper.

He stared at her, and he felt himself hardening at the thought of doing whatever he wanted to her. He wanted her so badly, and he didn't even care that she was technically his mortal enemy. Though that didn't even sound or feel remotely true anymore.

"Good," he whispered, dipping down and nuzzling her head to the side. She sighed loudly as he kissed her throat, a barely there brush of skin on skin. "Because I want to ruin you."

The little sounds she made of contentment at his words made him bite his own lip momentarily before he ran his tongue along her pulse. If Blaise weren't returning at any moment, he'd ask her to slice it open and allow him to consume her.

Draco lifted his hand from the seat and slipped it between her knees, his eyes holding her gaze as he spread them apart a bit.

"Do you want me to touch you here?"

She averted her gaze and then she slowly nodded. Her eyelids started to close, and he saw her tongue darting out to wet her lips. She spread her legs a bit wider, of her own accord, and Draco held in a groan. The lust definitely was a fucking issue, pulsing all throughout his body uncontrollably.

He knew that it was Hermione Granger he was making feel this way, and he didn't care. She was cute as fuck.

"Ask me . . . Nicely." His hand stopped its ascent along the fabric of her leggings, inches away from her core. Her head fell back against the back of the seat, her laboured breathing turning into high-pitched gasps of frustration. His eyes dropped down, where he saw her hips undulating slowly, and he longed to fall to his knees and worship her body the way she deserved. The way his wolf and his magic wanted him to. The way he wanted to.

"M-Malfoy," she moaned. "Please touch me . . . I want . . ."

"Where, little witch?" he purred, and then he cocked an eyebrow. He felt his stomach churning pleasantly, his own heart rate increasing, and a twitch in his groin showed him that were it not for the fact that they were on the Hogwarts Express, he might do something inappropriate.

She blushed. "On my . . . M-My . . ."

Draco's ears picked up the sound of Blaise's shoes on the carpet. He withdrew his hand from between her thighs and patted the side of her knee.

"Blaise is returning," he murmured before he pressed a soft kiss to the side of her head. "Sort yourself out."

She let out a dismayed sound and then hurried to smooth out her hair. "You can hear him?"

"From the next car over," he said, his eyes sweeping her form. He was tempted - sorely tempted - to grab his wand and lock the door. He had a feeling Blaise would understand if he did. But he knew the train ride was almost over.

He fought it back, shoving his wolf into the background and stuffing his magic back into his magical core, and then he stood.

"Um, wait," Granger said, and then she pulled out her wand. She waved it, and Draco almost felt embarrassed about the fact that she'd put a concealment charm on the front of his trousers.

Draco opened his mouth, debating whether to thank her for being so thoughtful, or for being so damn attractive, but Blaise entered the compartment too quickly.

"Everyone put their knickers and pants back on."

"Come off it," Draco said, and then he clamped a hand down on Blaise's shoulders. "I'm sure I don't have to tell you, but what we told you? You can't tell anyone."

"Obviously, mate," Blaise said, and then he placed his hand on Draco's opposite shoulder. "I'm honored you invited me into your little two-person Quidditch team. I'm only sad to know I don't get to attend the afterparties."

Granger scoffed and started to say something, but the train began to slow to a halt in the station. They all glanced at the warm hue of the late morning sky outside the window, and Draco found the platform looked rather eerie when there weren't hundreds of students standing on it. They exited the train shortly after it had stopped, and when they got onto the platform, Draco and Granger jumped when Blaise threw an arm around either of their shoulders.

"Who's ready for a good Side-Along? I'm itching to start looking at furniture."

The last thing Draco heard was Granger's laughter.

He smiled.



I CANNOT STOP LAUGHING

 

 

Invisible


When You Can't Dream at Night by Dayshell, Go by The Black Keys, Affiliated by Bhad Babie, How I Look On You by Ariana Grande, Dead Weight by PVRIS, Drumming Song by Florence & the Machine, and Love & Hate by Michael Kiwanuka

Draco POV

The Malfoy Manor reared up like an ominous dark blotch amongst a brightly-lit Autumn sky, its windows seeming to promise dark things lied within. As the three Hogwarts students stood on the flat gravel between the hedges, gazing at the doors, there was a somber silence settled over their hearts like a shared blanket. Blaise, Draco knew, had his own experiences here at his home when Voldemort was alive, and Granger was likely walking into a nightmare. He felt his hand prickling, longing to reach for her and hold hers as they walked in, but he held back the urge and strode forward with a purpose. He adjusted the lapels of his suit and then, with a wave of his wand, the heavy wooden doors creaked inward.

Once they were safely shut inside the rather barren, extravagantly large entryway, a loud pop sounded out.

"Tinky!" Draco exclaimed, forgetting himself as he dropped down onto one knee and held his arms wide.

"Master is home! Master is home!" Tinky leapt forward and threw her knobby arms around Draco's neck. She wore a royal blue sweater and a beige skirt, and when he set her back down, she clung to his leg like a child. "I was so excited to hear from the Miss that you were coming home. I've missed you so much."

Draco couldn't hope to stop the smile that creased his face as he leaned down and patted her head. "Thank you, Tinky. And did you remember to prepare the guest rooms?"

"Yes, Master," she said with a bright smile. "Mr. Zabini is in the room across the hall from yours, and Miss Granger is in the room to the left of it."

"To the left of his? Or mine?" Draco felt his muscles tense. If Tinky had put her in the wrong room, it was all right, but it would have to be moved to the one he specifically asked her to prep. If he didn't muster up the courage to ask for Granger's help during the transformation, he'd feel better knowing she was at least right on the other side of the wall.

"To the right of yours, sir. I didn't forget. I did good, you know?"

"Yes, you did a fantastic job." He caressed her under the wrinkled chin. "Tinky, there's someone I want you to meet."

Draco turned, still smiling, to gesture to Granger. She was looking at him with an odd expression, almost as though she were looking at a stranger, and then she came to kneel on the floor beside Draco's legs. She held out her hand to Tinky.

"Hello there, Tinky," she said, her eyes brightening as her face split with a smile. "My name is Hermione Granger."

"Hello, miss," Tinky said, shyly hiding behind Draco's leg.

"She's timid," Draco said with a bit of a wry grin. "Tinky, why don't you go to the market and get some things for supper? Whatever you'd like - you're eating, too. Just be sure to get a steak for me."

Tinky gushed her gratitude for a bit before she said goodbye to the three of them, and then disappeared with another popping noise. After she was gone, Draco rubbed the back of his neck with one hand. He still felt ashamed of his actions in the train compartment, of his inability to hold himself back. Not only had it put Blaise in a difficult position, but it had proven to Granger that there were risks involved with him. It had proven him right, that he was dangerous for her.

Why hadn't she gotten angry with him? Why had she chosen instead to coo at him like his mother used to, telling him everything was all right when it really, truly wasn't?

He shook the thoughts from his head, wanting the rest of the day to go as uneventfully as possible. The next day would be extremely stressful for him, with his need to go to the Ministry and his impending second transformation.

"Well, Granger?" he asked. "What d'you think? Too illustrious for your eyes to handle?"

She walked about in the entry, gazing up at the high ceilings and dark stone walls. The double staircases that led up to the left and right. The long hallway that stretched before them leading to the Library, Drawing Room, and Dining Hall. She looked quite small amongst the emptiness of the once extravagantly-furnished manor, and she stopped on the bottom step to the left, her boots sinking into the plush velvet carpeting.

"It's . . . Posh," she said simply, eyes gazing at the gardens and hedge maze outside of the numerous windows. Her hair tumbled down her back and shone golden in the sunlight that filtered in through the windows.

Blaise spluttered and went to stand below her with his hands on his hips. He still towered over her, as did Draco.

"Posh? That's all you've got to say?"

"Well, I mean . . ." She grimaced. "It's got pillars?"

"Pillars?"

"I don't have pillars at home, so . . . I'd say it's a step up," she said.

Draco came to stand beside Blaise, deciding to tease Granger a bit. "What type of hovel do you live in that doesn't have pillars?"

She frowned, as he expected she would. "Not all of us have millions of galleons to install into our hovels, Malfoy."

"Poppycock," Draco said in an exaggerated tone. "All proper wizards and witches have pillars in their homes."

Blaise played along. "I myself have two."

Granger wrinkled her nose and Draco saw her patting down her slowly-frizzing hair. "Hm. Well. I suppose I'll have to install a pillar in the sitting room of my cottage. Honestly, boys."

Blaise and Draco smirked at each other, snickering like the cheeky ponces Draco knew them to be, and then Blaise said in a mocking tone, "Honestly, boys."

Granger ignored them both, and started up the stairs. "What's this way?"

Draco and Blaise followed, and Draco told her, "This way is to the West Wing. It's my side of the Manor, and it's where our quarters are."

"Our quarters," she scoffed. It was becoming clear to Draco that Granger had very little experience with the finer things, and he was hard pressed to find a reason not to introduce her to some. Perhaps the decorations Tinky had added to the room that was to be hers this weekend would suffice.

"Ah, my room," Blaise said, heading down the hall to the right. "I'm going to take a moment to change out of my travel clothes."

"Those are your travel clothes?" Granger halted in front of Draco, who nearly ran into her back and placed his hands on her shoulders. "I didn't realize that we were dressing up, Malfoy."

"Since when do you ever see me not dressed impeccably?" Draco snorted. "Save for those weeks I was unwell."

"Are you not technically still unwell?" she asked as she allowed herself to be walked forward with Draco's hands smoothing down the length of her upper arms.

As Blaise's door clicked shut behind them in the hall, Draco's hands suddenly slid to her hips and dragged her body backward against his frontside. He heard her let out a cry of surprise, and then his left hand slid up the column of her throat. He tilted her head backward and smirked down at her.

"I'm not unwell. Not anymore."

He saw her cheeks darken considerably, and then he let her go. He moved past her before his magic overwhelmed him and forced him to slam her up against the wall, and then he stopped in front of the door beside his bedroom. He gestured to it.

"Your room's in here, and mine is right next door to the left. If you find you need anything." He averted his gaze from her inquisitive one.

"And if you need anything?" she asked, one eyebrow raised.

"Then you'll come to my room," he said in a low voice, taking one step toward her and slipping his hands into the pockets of his trousers. "Won't you?"

She placed her hands behind her back. And in this big mansion, I suppose I'm supposed to refer to you as sir?"

Draco felt a jolt ripple downward through him at her words, and he heard his wolf growl. Because yes, that would be the most ideal situation he'd ever experience in his life. Images of her on her knees before him, her honey-brown eyes gazing up at him through her lashes, whispering, "yes, sir" sprang unbidden to his mind and he clenched his fists in his pockets to keep from reaching for her.

He was starting to feel tired from fighting his magic so hard again. When it wasn't the full moon, it was manageable by drinking blood. His wolf hardly made a peep. But during the full moon cycle - today - he felt it burning brighter than ever, warring with his magic over who would prevail: lust or dominance, desire or anger. It was already becoming exhausting.

"Sir, hm?" he said softly, his eyes trained directly on her own. "I rather like that."

She looked taken aback for a moment and then her voice was just as soft as she said, "Then so be it. I suppose when we're in the Manor, I'll call you sir."

He couldn't help himself. He sauntered toward her, maneuvering her until her back was to his bedroom door and his right hand was on the wood above her head. He kept his left hand in his pocket and let his eyes fall to her lips, which were parted ever-so-slightly as she looked back up at him.

"I'd prefer it when we're in my room," he said quietly.

She said nothing, but his wolf could smell it on her. She wanted him.

"Shall I show you your room?" he asked, stepping back from her.

"You mean my quarters," she teased.

He merely huffed and turned to walk to her room.

"Malfoy," she said, and when Draco looked down at her, he was surprised to see her wringing her hands.

"What is it?"

"Your . . . Your House Elf," she said. "Tinky. She had -"

"Clothes, yes. She's a free elf." What was she so surprised about?

"Well, that's . . . Admirable," she said. "House Elf freedom is something very close to my heart. It's . . . It's nice to see how well you treat her."

Draco scoffed and turned quickly to hide the way he felt flames rise to his cheeks. "I'm not a barbarian. I adored Dobby just as much as you and Potter."

She gasped a bit, likely at the memory of her fallen friend, but soon followed him into her room. He wondered what the look in her eyes had been.

Admiration?

Draco had asked Tinky to decorate Granger's room in red and gold, complete with a Gryffindor tapestry. The satin sheets and pillows were a rich crimson and the comforter that spread across the top of the mattress was colored a shimmering gold with tiny beadwork designs woven all throughout. He'd ensured she had an armoire, vanity, and a chifforobe, because even though she was the studious type, he'd seen her wearing make-up from time to time, and she seemed to have a general grasp on fashion.

He had absolutely no clue why he went to these lengths. He hadn't the slightest clue if she'd even be around in his life long enough to really enjoy them. He just knew he wanted her to be as comfortable as possible, and that was all that had been on his mind.

"Oh, Malfoy," she gasped as her head fell back to view the cherubic oil-painted angels that moved and floated above her on the ceiling art. "I've never seen anything so beautiful."

He loosened his black tie a bit, feeling a bit flustered with embarrassment. "I trust it's to your liking?"

"Frankly, I'm speechless," she said, and then she went to the chifforobe. It was empty, but she seemed to be quite fond of the velvet hangers. "I hardly needed such things for a mere three days."

"Bold of you to assume these weren't already present before you arrived," he said, taunting her a bit.

She shot him a look. "I know you quite well now, Malfoy. You purchased these specifically for me."

He leaned his shoulder against one of the bedposts that held up the canopy around her bed, crossing his arms over his chest. "Conceited. What would be the benefit of me purchasing furniture you're only going to use for three days?"

Granger went to the vanity and lifted one of the perfumes that Draco knew Tinky had selected herself. She popped off the top and smelled it. "Oh, I think you want me to use it for more than three days. I think you intend to see me use this room quite often."

"Is that so?"

"Mm-hm," she said, looking at herself in the mirror. She ran her fingers through her hair and tousled it to the side, biting her lip before she said. "I think you intend to see me use this room for a long time to come."

She was being bold. Bold, saucy, minxy . . . All manners of the sentiment. And it was working because Draco felt like he was holding back a tsunami of mixed emotions. She was stating that not only did she suspect that he fancied her, but that she wasn't opposed to the idea of being in his life for longer than three days. But way she was looking at him spoke nothing of suspicion. It spoke of assurance and confidence. It said that she knew he fancied her, and that she didn't mind.

His eyes darkened as he looked at her reflection, and then the tension snapped. Heedless of the open door, he flashed forward across the room, the vanity table rocking violently as he grabbed her hips tightly and buried his face into her hair at the side of her head. The perfume bottles rolled to land with dull thuds on the carpet, and his silver eyes snapped to look at the mirror. Her hands moved outward to brace herself on the table as he leaned over her.

"Perhaps one day, I'll have to bend you over this table," he murmured into her ear, one hand trailing up beneath the front of her jumper and the other remaining on her hip. He felt her backside pressing against him, and his heart raced against his mind as he resisted the desire to do exactly as he'd propose. "Would you like that?"

She gazed at him in the mirror boldly, but her cheeks were bright red. When Draco's fingers tickled at the waistband of her leggings, he saw her mouth fall open in a small gasp.

"Yes," she said, lowering her eyes for a moment.

Granger was breathing heavily, as was he, and he felt about as in control as he'd feel on a jinxed broom. He felt the back of his neck prickling with sweat from the effort of keeping himself from ravishing her, continuously reminding himself that the door was wide open and Blaise was going to walk out of his room at any moment.

"Yes, what?" he growled, and then his fingers dipped down into the front of her leggings. He didn't go far, just enough to feel the waistband of her knickers. Then, without waiting for her reply, he curled his fingers and pulled the fabric up in the front. The friction of it against her womanhood caused her to convulse once and her hips to grind back into his. He watched her face, saw her arms shaking, and wondered how exquisite it would be to view her in the mirror while he took her from behind.

"Yes, sir," she whispered desperately as he repeated the movement. "Oh, yes, please, sir."

A delicious shiver wriggled its way through his body and he let out a groan. He had no idea when things had gotten so out of hand between them, but he did know that he'd never been so attracted to a witch before. He decided then that there was nothing he'd ever found more enticing than watching and hearing her plump lips form around the word "sir."

"Fuck," he gasped before he pressed near-frantic kisses to the side of her throat. He pulled her knickers up again and again, feeling his entire body tense as she began to rock her hips in time with the movements. She was pushing herself up onto her tip-toes, continuously sucking on her lower lip, her eyes rolled back into her head as she struggled to quiet her noises. His eyes lifted to look at her reflection, her warm cheeks, her curly hair.

His.

He nipped at her neck, relishing in the tiny moan that left her lips when he did so, and he wondered what it would be like to bite her fully. If he was a Veela, he knew that Granger was likely to throw herself at his feet with her clothes off to keep him from letting himself wither away. Part of him wanted to deny her, but another part was curious. What if he didn't mate with her? What if he just marked her? All it would take was one bite, one small bite, and she'd be completely his. One small bite, and he'd have answers.

"I've got to get a new suit."

Draco heard Blaise's voice in the hallway, just outside the room Draco had asked Tinky to prepare for him. Draco debated wandlessly shutting the door, but he knew they hadn't the time if they were going to get the things they needed for the Manor.

He needed. The things he needed for the Manor.

"No," Granger whimpered, her fingernails scraping the jostled vanity. "Merlin, why?"

She is way more responsive than she looks, Draco thought in amusement.

With immense effort, he withdrew his hands from her and whipped out his wand. He cast a cooling charm on both of them, a concealment charm on the front of his pants, and cheekily, a drying spell on her knickers. She glared at him while she used her own wand to fix the perfume display Tinky had set up, and then she adjusted her jumper.

Blaise poked his head into the room, smirking. "Did I interrupt anything?"

"Not a thing," Draco and Granger said simultaneously, shooting each other looks before they exited the room after Blaise.

"Shall we Floo to Diagon Alley?" Blaise suggested. He'd changed into a bordeaux suit with a black tie, and smart black shoes. "Or straight to Muggle London?"

"Diagon," Draco said, ensuring his blazer and tie were on crisp and straight.

They headed to the Floo and Draco couldn't help but wonder: How was he going to hold himself back when the night came around? With Granger right next door, receptive and eager, he didn't know how he was going to keep himself in check. If she were any other witch, he might be more receptive, too. But she was Granger. The Golden Girl. Someone who was way out of his league on a good day.

He feared he would ruin her, but not the way he wanted to.

"This is ghastly."

Draco sighed in exasperation. He was beginning to think all furniture stores should ban Granger. She was an absolute nightmare. She didn't like anything she saw, despised the prices even more, and seemed to think haggling was appropriate at high-end wizarding boutiques. She seemed to be oblivious to the dirty looks the clerks were giving her after she whisked them around entire stores and then ended up choosing nothing.

"I find it humorous that you're letting this go on," Blaise said casually as they watched Granger bicker over a 500 galleon black sofa. "As if its her house."

Draco bit his tongue. He had the strangest urge to tell Blaise that it was her house as long as she was his. But he kept it inside.

He glanced over his shoulder at the front windows. So far, they'd been photographed no less than 10 times by wizarding reporters, and each time caused Granger to become more and more agitated. Draco wasn't sure why, but he assumed it was because it was him she was being photographed with, and she probably didn't want her friends to discover where she was from the paper, rather than from herself. He ran the fingers of both hands through his hair just in case they snapped a photo of them while they were inside, and he felt a wicked grin spreading across his face.

"What's so bloody funny?" Blaise asked.

"Just thinking of Potter's face when he opens the Prophet tomorrow and sees 'Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy: shopping for a future' at breakfast."

Blaise smirked and nudged him, and then the two men tuned in to the latest in the Granger furniture hunt debacle.

"No, no, no," she was saying, waving her hands about. "That just won't do. This is not a sofa. This is a loveseat. And you are charging a sofa price for it."

"Miss, I do apologize," the clerk said through gritted teeth, her forced smile definitely appearing strained. "But these are our prices. Perhaps I can show you the discount area?"

Draco felt a bolt of panic jolt through him. Discount furniture? In the Malfoy Manor?

Abso-fucking-lutely not.

"Actually, yes," Granger said, putting her hands on her hips. "That would be love -"

"That won't be necessary," Draco said, darting forward and standing directly behind Granger, so that she could feel his chest against the back of her head. He placed one hand on her shoulder and hoped to Merlin no one photographed this.

Though, he'd be fine if someone photographed the shocked look on the clerk's face right now. That would look fantastic framed in Granger's room.

Granger crossed her arms over her chest. "Don't listen to him. He's excessive in his spending."

Keeping a charming Pureblood smile on his face, he leaned down over her shoulder and stage-whispered to her.

"That's because I'm a Malfoy, love. I can afford to be excessive."

She scoffed, still unaware of the paleness that had appeared in the clerk's cheeks. Draco knew he was playing with fire, talking in Granger's ear, touching her, and calling her by an obvious pet name, but his wolf was starting to get a bit fed up with her antics. It was pacing, telling him to pin her to a wall outside the building in an alley and order her to buy a damn couch already.

He wondered what the clerk, as well as other people were thinking. The store wasn't exactly full, but there were plenty of people milling about. What did they think, seeing the champion of light with the disgraced fallen Death Eater Malfoy?

Sometimes, Draco wondered if he'd even be able to pull off saving his father's company, and it filled him with anxiety. He didn't want his father to have anything else to mourn in Azkaban, nor did he want to see the disappointment in his mother's eyes if he ever had to tell her he'd lost the business. The truth was, he had no clue what he was doing. He was just trying to come up with a plan that could help get Malfoy Association & Trust out of the red with the wizarding world.

Draco sighed inwardly. At least he had his looks to get him by.

"Granger," he said, turning her about to face him. "Do you like the couch?"

In the background, Blaise could be heard exclaiming, "Oh, Merlin, I absolutely adore this table!"

She pouted. "Well, yes, but it's not my home. It's yours."

"I didn't ask whose home it was, swot. I asked, do you like the damn couch?"

"Draco!" Blaise practically screamed. "You have to come look at this dragon end table!"

Granger sighed. "I mean, I suppose I do. It's soft and comfortable. I just think the price is exorbitant."

Draco lifted his head and looked to the flabbergasted clerk. "We'll take the entire living room set."

Blaise twirled on his feet and fell back against a bed stuffed with hippogriff feathers. "This. is. Heaven."

The clerk choked. "You mean . . . Even the coffee table and lamp?"

"I wasn't aware that I had stuttered."

"Y-Yes, Mr. Malfoy. Right away!" The clerk scurried off to where the owner of the store was speaking to other customers. He looked ecstatic to hear he was making a huge sale, which was exactly the thing Draco loved to see. It didn't matter who his father was or whether or not he was a Death Eater when galleons were involved.

"Honestly, Malfoy," Granger hissed, wrenching herself out from under his grip on her shoulder. "The whole set? That's ridiculous! You can buy things little by little, not purchase an entire store just because you can!"

Blaise slung an arm around Malfoy's neck and ruffled his carefully managed hair, irking not only Draco but also his wolf. "Draco never does anything by halves. If you don't watch out, he might just do it."

"Do what?" Granger asked, still appearing quite brassed off.

"Buy the whole store."

Granger scowled and turned away as the clerk came back with a few elves. The elves began snapping their fingers to send the furniture to the Manor. The owner walked over to discuss the purchase with Draco, who asked him if he'd mind decorating the main rooms of the Manor that afternoon. The owner was hard-pressed to decline when Draco held out a Gringotts chest of galleons to him that Blaise had been carrying for him.

"That settles that," Draco said, returning with Blaise to stand by Granger. "He says he'll take care of the rest of the decorations, and he promises we'll return home happy. Shall we head to Muggle London?"

Granger scowled again. "You just spent over 3,000 galleons in ten minutes, and you want to go shopping?"

"Of course."

"I'd rather not," Granger suddenly spat, and then the two boys watched in astonishment as she shoved her way past them and stormed out into Diagon Alley. Dozens of camera lights began flashing as Draco and Blaise tailed her, and she let out a frustrated cry.

"Granger," Draco drawled as they strode away and ducked into an alleyway together. He tried not to remember how his imagination had told him to pin her in an alleyway similar to this very one, and focused his gaze down at her. "You're obviously upset."

"Oh, obviously," she scowled again, keeping her arms folded tightly. She glared at the ground.

"What's happened, then?" Blaise asked, putting his hands on his hips.

"Is it the money?" Draco added. "I don't know how you . . . Spend yours, but this is quite normal for my family. I also received permission from my mother to do this."

She was silent for a long time and then Draco knew he had to figure out some way of resolving this. Every time she got angry, his wolf growled. When she got that sad, faraway look in her eyes, his magic keened. He was starting to get overwhelmed.

Draco took a step forward and leaned down so that he could catch her gaze with his.

"Granger," he said softly. "What's the matter?"

"It's not the money," she said bitterly, finally, and he saw a tear glittering in one of her eyes. He tried not to panic. "It's me."

"What about you?" Draco asked.

"It's not the money because . . . Well, I'm wearing this and you two are wearing suits, and we've been photographed. And then every single clerk in all five stores we've been to has looked at me like I don't belong from the moment I walked in. I'm not usually this insecure, but I can't help but feel so . . . Muggle-born." She sighed, her shoulders sagging, and leaned back against the brick wall.

"That's a load of tosh," Blaise said. "Blood's got nothing to do with it. Plenty of Muggle-borns have money and shop at those stores."

Draco clenched his teeth, warring with himself over what to do. He partially felt like her emotions and the way she was feeling was attributed to his treatment of her when they were younger. And he saw now that if anyone's blood was impure, it was his own. Everything she did, she did for the good of others. Everything she'd ever done for him had been out of a sheer desire to help him. Now she was standing here, on the verge of tears, because his teasing had caused her to be insecure around Pureblood wealth.

"Then why are they looking at me like I'm lower than dirt?" she mumbled.

"Because they're disgusting," Draco spat, his fists clenching in his pockets. Blaise looked at him, surprised at his vehemence, but Draco didn't return the gaze. He kept his attention on Granger, on building her up. "You have more class, dignity, and honor in your nose than all of the Pureblood witches I know."

Granger's cheeks reddened and her eyes darted up to his. "Really?"

Draco looked down the alleyway, where passersby still hadn't noticed the three of them. Then, he looked to Blaise, who nodded in understanding. Blaise withdrew his wand, cast a charm to hide them from prying eyes, and then turned his back to them so he could watch the entrance. Then, Draco placed his hands on Granger's shoulders.

"Look at me, Granger," he said, speaking more gently than he'd ever spoken, even to his own mother. When she didn't readily look up, he used the knuckle of his forefinger to lift her chin. "It doesn't matter who stares at you. They can stare all they want. But none of them - none of them - can stand there, say they fought Voldemort's army, and won."

She stared at him for a long moment, and there was a glint in her eyes that made him swallow harder than normal. His gaze listed down to her lips, then bounced back to her eyes.

"Thank you," she whispered, twisting her hands in the hem of her jumper.

"If you're really worried about your outfit, I'll simply buy you a new one. And I won't take no for an answer. Now, come."

He took in her astonished expression for a moment before walking over to Blaise. He pulled out his wand, cast finite, and Granger soon joined them. Draco was pleased to see that there was now a smile on her face.

"Took you long enough," Blaise teased, ruffling Granger's hair. "All right?"

"Much better," she said. "Shall we go shopping, then?"

"We shall," Blaise said, "And then: dancing."

Draco looked at him, alarmed. "I don't dance."

"I don't mind it," Granger said, perking up. "I quite enjoy it, actually. Where did you have in mind?"

"I don't much care," Blaise said, grinning. "I'm partial to a good nightclub. Flashing lights, grinding bodies, pounding bass. It does things to me."

Granger rolled her eyes, but she was smiling still. "I say it sounds fun. I've been to a few nightclubs myself."

Draco watched this entire exchange in muted horror. Not only was he not a wizard who danced, but he was also incredibly irritated at the idea that Granger had been to nightclubs before.

Of course, he was logical. He knew she was a Muggle-born witch, and she'd had a life before he'd become unnaturally interested in her and spent the entire school year watching her like a Seeker watches a Snitch. That didn't mean he wanted to watch her act that life out in front of him.

"No," he said.

"What?" Granger said. "Why?"

"Because," was all he could say. He wasn't going to simply blurt out in an alleyway that the thought of her dancing with some random greasy Muggle made him want to vomit.

"That's not an answer," Blaise accused, hands going to his hips. "There's no logical reason why we can't. You have no meetings until tomorrow. You've bought your furniture and hired the personal decorator. You can buy Granger an outfit. We can go to a high-end club so you don't have to fret about undesirables soiling your 200 galleon suit. Shall I keep going?"

"300," Draco said, adjusting his cufflinks.

"What?"

"You said 200. It's 300. This suit is a 300 galleon Burbity Armand suit. From Spain."

Blaise held up his fist. "I'm going to punch you directly in the center of your mouth, Draco. There will be blood all over that Fuckity Armand suit. Would you like that?"

Granger hid a smile, and waved both of her hands. "Oh, honestly, you two are mental. It's just semantics. Malfoy, there's no real reason we can't go to the nightclub tonight. It's only 4:00pm. We can go after supper."

Does feeling like tearing out the throats of anyone who touches you count as a real reason? Draco thought, gritting his teeth.

"Fine," he finally bit out. "But I'm not wearing a 300 galleon suit to a nightclub."

Together, the three unlikely friends Disapparated to London.

Draco was livid.

It was already shaping up to be the worst night of his life, having to cope with the fact that he was going to have to watch Granger dance all night with Merlin-knows-who. He knew for a fact that he wasn't dancing, that was certain, and he knew he'd be drinking Muggle liquor until it no longer bothered him that she'd be shaking things that belonged to his eyes only. But he wasn't about to tell her she couldn't go dancing, not if it was something she truly wanted to do.

Shopping had gone as well as could be expected. For Granger, at least. They'd wandered up and down expensive storefronts, even though she attempted to go for less expensive ones, and she'd been unable to choose between a massive amount of things that were either designed to send him to Hell for his thoughts, or designed to give him an early coronary.

He'd bought himself something Muggle to wear, at the insistence of Blaise who swore he'd hex Draco's hair off in his sleep if he dared to shame him and wear a jumper to "the club." Granger had laughed so hard at that, that she'd needed to leave the store they were in for a moment to breathe. Draco had chosen an outfit that technically Blaise chose, and then they headed to another store.

It was at that store, that Granger's eyes nearly fell out of her head. It was a rather large department store full to the brim with anything and everything under the sun for wardrobes, and Granger made a beeline for the dress she'd seen in the window.

"She sure warmed up to that money, didn't she?" Blaise had joked as Granger pulled the burgundy-colored dress off the rack.

Draco's reply was to tell him he'd buy her the entire department if that's what she wanted, and Blaise's response to that was to laugh.

It was an elegant number, better suited for a gala or ball, but she'd been so in love with it that he bought it for her for a special occasion. He'd tossed his Muggle credit card onto the counter with a bit of a yawn, earning himself an impressed look from the clerk who swiped it on her machine, and the smile that lit Granger's face came from within her.

Draco didn't much like shopping in Muggle London. He knew he was attractive, and he wasn't conceited, but it seemed like Muggle women lacked a certain . . . Tact. Everywhere he went, he received stares and whispers, and if it weren't for his enhanced hearing as a werewolf, he would never have heard just how many of them discussed what his body might look like underneath his expensive suit. Even worse were the nasty things those same women would say about Granger, which he supposed was why he felt like he wanted to buy her any clothes she wanted. It wasn't that he was trying to impress her, he just wanted her to feel better about herself.

And perhaps he wanted to impress her a tad.

The worst was probably when they went to a store that laid on the higher end of the high end. Granger hadn't wanted to touch anything for fear of soiling it, but Draco insisted and while Blaise went to the men's section, Draco trailed behind Granger everywhere she went. While she sifted through a series of tops that looked more like someone had forgotten to finish the bottom halves of them, he found his mind and ears wandering. He knew he'd never see a witch wearing a top like that out in the light of day in a wizarding town, but he knew the Muggle world was different, so he kept his mouth tightly sewn shut about the appearance of them.

Granger had lifted a black satin top from the table, holding it up to look at the draping short sleeves and criss-cross back, and she asked him what he thought. It was so normal to hear her ask his opinion on clothing, so far off from the opinions he used to hold for her in their younger years, that he'd been caught off guard. And he supposed he'd never been asked his opinion so frankly, except for by his mother, so he felt a bit of pressure to say the right thing.

Then, while he was opening his mouth to figure out how to reword his thought "I'd rip that off of you so quickly" into something morally appropriate, he heard a group of voices wafting into his ears from nearby. They were too far for Granger to hear, but he heard the things they were saying quite clearly. It was a group of girls who were living their lives with the newly-formed sentiments that Granger possessed a ghastly mane of ratty hair, that Draco was the "hottest guy" they'd ever laid eyes on, and that Granger must have the "cunt of a Queen" to have "landed a lush bloke like that."

He didn't know if it was the comment about her hair, or the insinuation that Granger was no better than a common harlot, but he felt a ferocious possessiveness and anger burst forth from both his wolf and his magic. He had been so preoccupied all afternoon that he hadn't really noticed the burning that was coursing through his veins and at the women's comments, he felt it all come forth from within him in a rush.

At that point, Draco had then slipped his left arm around her waist, dragging her against his front, where he was leaning against the display table. She'd gasped in surprise, still dangling the little black top, looking up at him with her nervousness showing plainly in her eyes. He'd merely fixed her with the most heated, smoldering look he could possibly muster - right in plain sight of the gossiping turkey-necks, mind - and smirked so devilishly, he thought Granger might faint from how hard she blushed.

"I think no matter what you purchase, Granger," he said in a voice only for her ears, his eyes pinning her in place, "I'm going to have a difficult time keeping my hands off of you."

She stammered unintelligible things and bought the top.

When they'd gotten home, they'd barely had time to admire the new decor that the owner of the furniture boutique had put up, and Draco had watched in bewilderment as Blaise and Granger practically ran to the Dining Hall. Draco appreciated the new table, but Blaise and Granger were chattering so amiably that they barely acknowledged it. He didn't know why that bothered him so much.

Dinner was odd, unfortunately. He'd eaten a rare steak while Granger and Blaise munched at the stew that Tinky had prepared for them. Tinky was a bright point in the evening, and as horrid as it was, the steak was delicious, but it was difficult to stomach the fact that raw meat was acceptable for his body to consume.

He'd dealt with his concerns quietly, however, his eyes darting back and forth between the bantering Blaise and Granger, and it wasn't until he'd bent his fork in half with one hand that he realized he was annoyed. Neither of them noticed, fortunately, so he'd simply straightened the silver back out and pushed his half-eaten steak away. He'd propped his chin on his hand in his seat, merely listening to Blaise and Granger regale stories of times they'd gone to "the club" before. Draco was used to Blaise spending secret time in the Muggle world; he'd been doing it for years just to brass his father off. But with Granger, though she was Muggle-born, he felt like it was strange to think of her as the type of witch to dance.

What type of dancing was this going to be, anyway? He had a feeling it was no Yule Ball waltz.

It seemed Granger had spent the Summer of that year by herself in her cottage, but she'd gone to a nightclub twice in the city nearest her to dance off some steam. She'd experienced some right tossers bothering her and while the tales were humorous, all Draco could do was worry about the upcoming night. What if Muggle men put their hands all over her? He didn't know how he would be able to keep himself from falling prey to his wolf or his magic.

And why, oh fucking why did it feel like he was being ignored?

Later, when Draco was waiting at the foot of the stairs in thin jean trousers - "skinny jeans," Granger and Blaise had told him - a loose-fitting black V-neck, and a leather jacket with a grey hood. Blaise came trotting down in a pair of trousers that were tight at the ankles and loose fitting everywhere else, and grey shirt that had a deeper neckline than any he'd ever seen.

"Mate, you look knackered," Blaise laughed, slowing his pace as he caught sight of Draco.

"I'm so confused," Draco muttered, crossing his arms over his chest. "I don't understand these clothes. I don't even understand where we're going or what we're doing."

"Don't stress so much. You can just sit in the booth and drink. I'll keep my eye on our little lioness."

Draco sneered. "I hate everything about what you just said, Zabini."

Blaise looked him up and down, and then shoved at his shoulder. Then, his eyes lowered to Draco's trousers and he sighed. "Mate, you can't bring your wand."

"What?!" Draco practically shouted. "I'm not going into Muggle London at night without a wand! Are you fucking mental?!"

"You'll look like you've gone mental," Blaise insisted. "Wandless magic should be enough. To Muggles, you're just carrying a twig in your back pocket. A phallic twig."

Draco clenched his teeth and took a deep breath to try and calm his wolf's anger. "I don't know what a phallic twig is, and I hate you. Tinky!"

Tinky popped into existence beside them and after a short conversation, she took Draco's much-loved wand somewhere else. After Pothead had disarmed him and taken his wand during Seventh Year, it had taken him ages to find a wand in Ollivanders that didn't despise his Dark Mark. When he finally found one, he'd honestly almost cried in relief.

"Are you boys ready to go?"

Granger's voice at the top of the stairs drew Draco's attention away from his playful glaring match with his best mate and at the sight of her, Draco sucked in a sharp breath. If any Pureblood wizard saw a witch in the Malfoy home who was not only a Muggle-born, but dressed like that, they'd likely burn the Manor down. She could wear anything she wanted, of course, but it made him nervous.

If anyone saw her, he might be so jealous that he plucked their eyes out with his claws.

She'd worn the top. The little black top from the boutique. His eyes zoned in on the sleeves, gauzy slips of fabric that draped off her shoulders, the bodice with a straight neckline, revealing her shoulders and collarbones in a way that had Draco positively salivating. The hem of the shirt stopped just above her belly button, and she wore a pair of tight denim trousers with a high waistband. The high-heeled shoes had modest platforms, and when she came to a stop in front of Draco and Blaise, she gave Draco a strange look.

"All right, Malfoy?" she asked, as if she wasn't wearing clothing that made him want to fuck her right there on the stairs.

Oh, for fuck's sake, Draco thought as his magic swelled to life and attacked him from all sides, screaming at him to drag her right back up the stairs and lock himself in with her all evening. He placed a hand on the banister, leaning on it for support as he fought with himself.

"Compliment the woman, Draco!" Blaise said, nudging his ribs.

"Fuuuck," was all Draco could manage to say.

Blaise burst out laughing, walking away a few feet to compose himself, leaving Draco to ogle Granger like a smarmy goblin.

"Honestly, Malfoy," Granger said, but her voice shook. "You act as if you've never seen a girl wear a crop top before."

"I haven't." His eyes were wide.

"Oh. Well, this is what Muggles wear when they go dancing."

"Won't you be cold? It's the end of November."

"At first," she said, "but a warming charm or two should help until we get there, and then I'll dance."

Draco clenched his teeth. He wanted to tell them both that he really, really didn't want to go, but Granger just seemed so excited. He owed her this one chance to feel that and to have a good time, what with her single-handedly keeping him alive.

At the thought of blood, he felt another wave of his magic assail him, and he struggled to push it back. He would feed later.

"Let's get going," Blaise said. "It's almost 8:00."

Draco didn't understand how nightclubs worked, nor why there was such a long line around the side of a hideous brick building. Blaise led the way down the sidewalk as Granger and Draco followed him, and somehow, Granger's outfit got them in past the entire line. It happened so quickly, Draco could hardly understand it, but by the way Granger was beaming, it must have been flattering.

Inside, there were so many people that Draco almost felt claustrophobic. Strange music that pounded and pulsed echoed all around him where they stood. The center of the large building was a massive dance floor, and booths with red cushioned seats lined the sides of the walls. There were flashing lights everywhere and if it weren't for Blaise slinging an arm around Draco's neck, he feared he would have stumbled in his temporary blindness.

"Let's take that booth," Blaise suggested, pointing to the booth nearest them.

The trio headed over and slid into it, Blaise and Granger chattering excitedly above the noise. Draco stared at the crowd, wondering how anyone could even find space to move their bodies in a place so crowded.

A bizarre song with a fast, bumping tune and that opened with the word "bitch" began to play. Granger enthusiastically claimed the song was her favorite and darted off into the crowd. It was all so nightmarish, Granger liking songs that started with the word "bitch," and men letting her into a club because she was showing skin and not seeming fazed by it, and Draco hated every second of it.

Blaise hung back for a moment to give him a sympathetic look.

"Are you sure you don't want to dance?"

"I'm sure." He glared daggers at his best mate.

Blaise shrugged, heading off after Granger, and Draco watched as he immediately found a bird to dance with. A server wandered by, and Draco signaled to him. He ordered a bottle of their strongest liquor, tossed him his black card, and began to search the crowd for where Granger had gotten off to.

He spotted her, his eyes zeroing in on her slim frame amongst the throng of twisting bodies. She was dancing like she hadn't a care in the world, her hands thrown up into the air, her curly hair flying about, hips shaking to and fro. She turned around, lost in her own world, and began doing the absolute strangest dance move he'd ever seen in his life. Her hips moved back and forth, almost as if they weren't attached to her body, swirling and gyrating, her arse looking positively off limits.

Hermione Granger. H-e-r-m-i-o-n-e was dancing that way. She was dancing like she was shagging the air, and he couldn't do anything about it because he didn't know how to fucking dance.

He barely acknowledged when the server returned with his credit card, a small glass, and a large bottle of Muggle alcohol - vodka. The server uncorked it and left him with a wine glass. Draco kept his eyes on Granger as he took a swig directly out of the bottle.

"Merlin, fuck," he muttered under his breath, the words inaubidle over the sound of the loud music.

The song changed to something faster and less bumpy. Granger stopped doing the tortuous movements and started swaying and dancing to the beat of the new tune. Her head fell back and arms stayed in the air, and the smile on her face almost made this nightmare worth it.

He tangled his fingers in his hair, fighting against his desires with everything he had in him. Why did she have to dance that way? Since when did people move like that? Since when did Granger move like that?

Blaise slid into the booth, panting for breath, watching Draco drink liquor directly out of the bottle for a long moment.

"You . . . All right, mate?" he asked, laughing slightly.

"I'm in Hell," Draco said hoarsely, his eyes completely and utterly glued to his witch and her sinful hips.

"She's fit, yeah? That's why you fancy her. And don't bother denying it. You're practically melting the dancefloor with that glare."

The song shifted again, this time to another song, this time starting with the words "Say you want me anyway, do ya,' and Granger went right back to the minxy, saucy dancing that had Draco drinking out of the bottle. Blaise and Draco both sat there, watching her for a good two minutes. She looked so unlike herself - completely carefree and smiling so much that if he were less of a Slytherin, it might seem infectious.

"Who writes these bloody songs?" Draco eventually asked, leaning back in his seat with his gaze roving over Granger's body. "They're awful."

"This song? Some American. As for Granger's dancing? They've got a name for it."

"Visual art," Draco said before he took another long swig. "Blaise, if I knew how to dance . . ."

"It's not difficult," Blaise said. "At least blokes don't have to know how to twerk. All we've got to do is grab her hips and move to the beat."

"Know how to what?" Draco gave him a bizarre look.

"What Granger's doing. Mighty excellent at it, too."

"Which part? Her dancing or her arse?"

"Both. But you didn't hear me say that."

Draco glared at him. "You're right. I didn't."

Blaise winked and sauntered off, finding yet another random girl to dance with.

As time went on, Draco marveled at how much energy Granger seemed to have. She never stopped moving, just kept spinning and jumping and - what did Blaise call it? - twerking like her life depended on it. He drank half the bottle while watching her, his wolf snarling and snapping its jaws inside his mind.

He drummed his fingers against the tabletop, glowering at the air around Granger and willing it to let anyone near his witch while she was enjoying herself.

Draco tensed. Some bloke with arms that were way too big and hair that was way too short found his way to her backside, and Draco felt his sanity snap. He took one last gulp of his vodka, and slid out of the booth.

When he got there, he was fully inebriated. He stopped in front of Granger, whose eyes were closed as she danced and he grabbed her hips, pulling her back against him. She stared up at him in surprise, her hand coming up to caress his cheek, and she pushed herself up to press a light kiss to the line of his jaw. He barely reacted, fixing his glare on the muscular bloke who'd just had his meaty hands on Draco's witch's body, and debated whether or not to listen to his wolf and kill him in front of every single Muggle in the building.

Apparently, the man saw the fires of Hell burning in Draco's eyes, so he melted away into the crowd.

Possessively, Draco wrapped his arms around Granger's waist before she could turn around, feeling the alcohol and the lust pulsing through his veins. The music was loud, a bit sensitive to his wolf's ears, but he heard her voice clearly.

"Dance with me."

An innocent plea, a small request for something he'd been adamant about not doing. And even though he was drunk - because he was drunk - he wanted to do it for her. Even if he embarrassed himself. So he remembered what Blaise said, glanced around at some of the other blokes around to study them, and then he did it.

Draco Malfoy danced.

The dance was a bit of a blur. Draco was on edge, lust battling with rage and jealousy, and Granger didn't seem to care that the way she was dancing in front of him was anything but innocent. He remembered his head falling back, becoming lost in the music in a way he'd never quite done with anything other than Quidditch. He remembered feeling her hands in his hair, her body moving with his. He remembered seeing her flipping her long hair back, gyrating her hips against him, moving so sinfully that he felt like he was in a desperately good Hell. Her eyes looking up into his, his hands traveling up her sides, their mouths nearly touching.

A look seemed to pass between them, a silent understanding, and at the start of the second chorus of the song, she pushed her hair aside, and he heard her gasp as she used her fingernail to break the skin of her neck. So drunk he was on literal alcohol and the intoxication of dancing with her that he didn't even question it. He just dipped his head down and fed from her before anyone saw her blood begin to fall.

The music, her body, the vodka, his magic, his wolf . . . Draco relished in all of it.

When the song ended, he pulled his mouth away and wiped the small bead of blood away from the tiny wound. Then, he grabbed her hand and pulled her back over to the booth. When they fell into the seat, both gasping for breath, they looked at each other. She giggled a bit.

"That was fun," she said. "I thought you didn't know how to dance?"

"I don't," he said, his gaze on her intensifying. He could still taste her blood, and he felt like he could feel the moonlight through the thick brick walls. He wanted more.

"Well, you did quite well," she said, running her fingers through her thick curls.

His eyes followed her every movement, lingering on the spot on her neck that called to him. Her smile faltered a bit, her expression becoming a bit more serious.

"Did you want to . . . Go back home?" she asked. "I'm sure you're still hungry. And I'm rather knackered."

Wordlessly, eyes trained on hers, Draco nodded. He could hear her blood moving through her veins, giving her life, waiting to be tasted. He knew he needed to calm down, to settle his bloodlust, but he didn't think he could.

Blaise caught sight of Granger waving to him and came jogging over, a girl with bright eyes and an excited expression on her face following behind him.

"You trying to leave?" he asked.

"Yes," Draco said. His eyes darted to the Muggle.

"She wants to, you know, come back with me," Blaise said. "Ace?"

Draco sighed. "Obliviate her tomorrow."

"Brilliant."

And with that, after Granger gave the Muggle a sickeningly-sweet greeting, they all headed out to the street. Blaise handled his Muggle ahead of them, Disapparating with her before they had quite gotten around the corner.

"Blaise," Grange said, shaking her head and chuckling. "He's so -"

She cut herself off when Draco suddenly stumbled and fell sideways against the wall, catching himself with a hand braced against the brick. He blinked down at her worried face.

"You'll have to Disapparate us," he said groggily. "I need a Sober-up Potion."

"Draco Malfoy sozzled," she said, wrapping her arm through his and leaning up to press a chaste kiss to his cheek. "I never thought I'd see the day."

He felt her lips on his skin as if she'd branded him. "And you'll never see it again, witch. Let's go."

With a pop, he felt the familiar pull of apparition behind his belly button, and then they were in the hallway outside his and her bedrooms. Draco shoved his door open, leaving it wide as he practically fell into his bedroom. He stumbled past silken green sheets and black furniture, and fell to his knees in his large bathroom, right in front of the loo. He heaved up the contents of his stomach and then promptly passed out.

When Draco awoke, the analog clock on the bedside table read 11:00pm. He sat up, his hair a tousled mess about his head, and glanced around his dark room. Granger sat in a transfigured chair by his bed, her eyes skimming one of the books he had on a shelf within it, and upon his waking, she barely looked up at him.

"Feeling better?" she asked.

"Much," he said, but his voice was a bit hoarse.

Draco opened his mouth to call for Tinky, but Granger snapped her fingers. While turning the page in the hovering book, she used her other hand to point at the glass of water on the table on the other side of the bed. Eagerly, he gulped it down, panting.

"Blaise came out of his room while you were unconscious and told me you drank half of a bottle of vodka," she said, and he realized her tone was a little short. "Why?"

"I don't know," he mumbled, leaning over to pull a Sober-Up potion out of the drawer of his table. He drank it quickly. "It's not a big deal."

"It is," she said, and then she slammed the book shut. "I happen to be aware of your proclivity for substance imbibement, Malfoy."

He gave her a confused, angry look. "What are you on about? Deswottify your words; I've a hangover coming on."

She was fuming, he could feel the waves of anger coming from her. "Seventh Year? Pixie Dust? Firewhiskey?"

"How did you . . .?" He scowled. "Fucking Blaise."

"Fucking Blaise is right. Why would you drink so much?"

"Now? Or then? Because I feel just as shit about myself now as I did then, so there's no difference in the answers."

Granger blinked, looking taken aback. Draco regretted sharing the words the moment they'd left his lips. He didn't like to talk about Seventh Year, let alone think about it. He'd seen things that could never be erased or forgotten, even though he'd compartmentalized and tucked them away. Pixie Dust and firewhiskey had been his escape. Pixie Dust gave him purpose; firewhiskey offered him reprieve. He didn't want to relive it, and he didn't want to talk about it. He didn't want to give Granger more reasons want to fix him.

He just wasn't good for her, and he wasn't sure he'd ever be.

"Let's walk," Granger finally said, voice soft. "You can show me the rest of the Manor."

He glared at her for a long second, his head pounding, and then begrudgingly nodded. He stood up, seeing that he was still clad in his Muggle clothes, and he scowled. Granger, he noticed, wore her regular long-sleeved shirt and pyjama bottoms. He was a bit dismayed. He'd so wanted to be the one to take that little black shirt off of her.

"Bloody things," he muttered in reference to himself. He went to his wardrobe and tore out a tee shirt and black satin pyjama pants. He had just finished pulling off the V-neck tee he'd worn when he looked behind him and saw that Tinky must have put his wand on the bedside table nearest Granger. Trousers hanging low on his hips, he walked over to grab it, turning to look down at her.

She stared up at him, her eyes sweeping the length of his torso, causing a fire to light beneath his skin. Twirling his wand, his gave her a single, intense look, and then went back to finish changing.

Once Draco was in his pyjamas, he cast a warming charm on his feet, and then they began to meander through the dimly-lit Manor. As they went, Draco noticed Granger looking around with faint interest at the unmoving paintings on the walls. She halted at a particularly large empty spot.

"Which portrait was here?" she asked.

"Abraxas Malfoy," Draco said a bit sadly. "He would have liked you. Once he got past the Muggle."

"You don't say? Well, if he was anything like you are, I'm sure I would have liked him just fine."

Her words shot to the core of him, and his eyes followed her body as she continued down the hallway. It felt eerily quiet without the portraits of his family members lining the West Wing walls, and Draco found the memory of the Aurors tearing down every last one of them more sobering than the potion he'd taken. His home was his, but it didn't feel familiar what with the lack of noise and all-new decor.

It felt like someone else's house.

They wandered down the stairs quietly, and Granger went to one of the windows, pressing her palms against the cool glass. She looked out at the gardens.

"Does your mother know you've brought me along?"

Draco perched on the windowsill, his leg brushing her hip. "She's fond of you, if that's what you're really asking. She asks after you in her letters to me."

"She does?" Then, she gave him a curious look. "Does that mean . . . You write to her about me?"

Draco didn't know if it was the full moon leering in the sky behind him or lingering alcohol in his veins, but he told her the truth. He couldn't omit, not when she was gazing at him with that almost-hopeful look in her eyes.

Her eyes, which looked exquisite under the moonlight.

"I do."

She smiled at him, softly, hands still on the window pane. "That's incredibly . . . Well, it's sweet, Malfoy."

He flushed and pushed himself to his feet. "I'd have liked to show you the Library, but . . ."

"The Aurors," she said, sighing. "They must be the reason why you needed new furnishing?"

He nodded, leading her down the center hallway. He looked back and saw her glancing up the stairs to the East Wing.

"What's over there?"

Draco refused to look at it. "That's the side where Voldemort and the Death Eaters used to stay. I don't want to go over there."

"Oh, goodness," she said, and then she sped up to walk beside him. "So since I've seen the Dining Hall, that leaves . . ."

They stopped in front of a set of double doors that led floor to ceiling. Draco, who still held his wand, pointed it at the door. He hesitated, second-guessing himself. He knew that behind this door . . . Was the beginning. Where everything began for them. The room where he'd heard her scream like a witch, and not like the subhuman species he'd always been taught to believe Muggle-borns were. It was the night where he'd unwillingly had the walls around his heart ripped open. The night where he'd plucked Granger out of his past and tucked her inside for the future, to wait for him to get to this point. This point where he opened his fucking eyes and saw her for who she was.

He could see her now.

He didn't want to open that door.

"The Drawing Room," he said, and then he looked down at her. "Do you want to go in?"

"Has it been . . . Changed?" She didn't look nervous, just resigned.

"Today," he murmured, and she looked up at him.

"Today?"

"I didn't know if you'd want to come in, but I figured if you did, I didn't want it to be a reminder."

Her eyes lingered on his wand, and then she took a deep breath.

"Let's see it."

Draco turned to the doors and said, "Alohomora."

The lock clicked.

Slowly, with a hand that he realized was trembling, Draco pushed open the door. It creaked as it swung inward, and the air that rushed out to greet them was chillingly cold. It was dark, too dark, and Draco realized that the decorator must have installed drapes over the windows. He stepped inside, his werewolf abilities enabling him to see all the new things that lay within, and Granger stumbled into his back.

Draco felt like now, now that she was here, it smelled like death.

"I can't see," she whispered.

He whirled around in the darkness, hearing her breathing hitch as his hands went to her shoulders. He paused for a second, his thumbs massaging the skin beneath her collarbones. The last time he'd been in this room was the day he found out his father would never return, and the day he discovered at the Ministry that Granger had done something out of the goodness of her heart for someone who didn't deserve anything good at all.

The day she'd done something for Draco.

"We can leave," he whispered. "If you'd like. We can leave. We don't have to stay here. We can leave the Manor. I'll rent you an entire hotel suite. An entire hotel. A house. I don't fucking care. Whatever you want."

She sucked in her breath, surprise causing her jaw to drop. He saw her looking up where she thought him to be, blinking rapidly, and he knew that she was trying to make sense of his words. He knew because he was trying to make sense of them, the way they rushed out in a discordant jumble, almost as though they were a hasty confession.

Which they sort-of were.

"No," she said after a moment. "I want to stay here."

"Are you sure?" He wasn't.

"I'm absolutely sure," Granger said, her hands clenched into fists. And then, slowly, she reached for his face in the dark. He felt it pressing against his cheek, her fingers cold, and he panicked. He panicked because he worried that even though it was dark, she could see him anyway. He closed his eyes and leaned into her touch for a moment.

"I just want to . . ." He choked on his words. It felt like he'd ripped his chest open. "I just want to protect you."

"From what? It's a room."

"From everything."

She was quiet, and then her hand threaded its way through his hair. She squeezed, an affectionate move, and then she exhaled.

"Put the lights on."

"I . . ."

"Draco," she said firmly, her use of his first name alerting him. "Put the lights on."

". . . If you wish." He pulled his wand back out of his pyjama bottoms pocket. "Whatever you wish."

Draco whispered a spell that he knew would fill the room with light, and then he sent a fire spell towards the Floo. It filled with flames, casting the room in an ambient golden glow. He turned to look at the way it'd been decorated, at the black and mahogany furniture, the velvet maroon drapes that blocked the full moon from view, and the extravagant carpet that had been laid out, covering almost the entire floor. The couch set she'd chosen, with the gold lamps and the table inlaid with equally gold filigree on top of it. The piano in the corner, mostly for show, but just in case she wanted music. The portraits on the walls, full of moving things like clouds over the moon, rain on a stormy ocean, snow on a mountaintop. Everything for her.

Anything for her.

She walked past him, silent as her eyes scanned the room. He knew she could see that it was beautiful, that everything had to be to her liking, but when she stopped on the plush carpet behind the couch she'd liked that day and looked down, her smile faltered.

He worried. Was it too much? He'd never thought for a second that anything he'd ever do would be too much. He'd spent his whole life never doing enough, scraping by and trying to skate to the finish line. He'd been a coward. But now . . . Now he'd done something brave. He'd put himself out there. And he didn't even know why.

"It was right here," she said softly, and when she looked over at him, he was suddenly stricken by how domestic it looked to see her standing in such an elegant, illustriously-decorated room wearing striped pyjama bottoms.

Draco took a step forward, and he set his wand atop a short, black Grecian pillar. "They siphoned the blood out of the stone, the Aurors. It was difficult because the spell used was a dark curse, but . . . There shouldn't be a trace of it left."

"There will always be a trace of it."

His heart clenched and he turned his face to look into the crackling magical fire.

Granger wandered over to the piano, and he watched in surprise as she stood beside it and played more than a few notes. He started towards her, arms crossed.

"You play the piano?"

She nodded, her fingers sliding off the keys. Her hands glided along the mahogany surface of the back. "I sing as well. As a hobby."

Draco felt his skin prickle, the beginnings of his lust resurfacing. A mental image of his witch in a luxurious floor-length gown, her back on display as he sat on the couch while she sang for him, spread through his mind. His eyes flickered over to the drapes, where knew the full moon lay hidden behind, and he swallowed nervously.

He stayed on the other side of the couch.

"So . . ." He ran his hand through his hair. "What is your opinion?"

"Of the room?"

He nodded, not fully understanding how badly he needed her answer. "And of the Manor as a whole."

She leaned against the back of the piano, placing her hands beside her and lifting herself to sit atop it. "Dark corridors, dark rooms, dark halls . . . I feel like it's got about half as many secrets as you do."

A tension seemed to have materialized between the two of them, and Draco wasn't sure if it was coming from him or her. He held her gaze from across the room, feeling goosebumps raising along his arms. Inside, his magic was beginning to heat up.

"And what may be my secrets?" he asked, studying her face, her posture, and the downward curve of her lips.

"I'm not sure," she said. "Perhaps . . . About the way you feel."

"How do I feel?" His heart began to beat faster.

"I'm unsure," she said again. "How do you feel?"

Draco felt something of a challenge flickering between her eyes, and he kept his face impassive, hard as he answered her. "That's a secret."

She gazed at him for a long moment, and then she lowered her eyes. She looked disappointed, that much Draco could tell, but he didn't know what to say to her. He knew how he felt about her, but he didn't think he deserved to feel it. He didn't think he deserved to feel it and ruin her life when he was standing there thinking about tearing her throat open and consuming every last drop of her blood, just to keep anyone else from having her. It was wrong.

"I need to talk to you about something," she said after a moment, swinging her legs where they dangled off the edge of the piano. She tossed some of her wild curls backward over her shoulder and averted her eyes from him. "I need to go to the Ministry."

"All right. I'm going there tomorrow. Which Department?"

She gazed down at the floor, hesitating. "The Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures."

He narrowed his eyes. "Why do I feel like you think I'll say no?"

She sighed and threw her hands up. "Because what I'm planning on doing is illegal."

Draco frowned. "I'm not exactly the poster-wizard for following the rules, Granger. What are you doing, and what does it involve?"

She bit her lower lip, drawing his eyes to her mouth. "Have you . . . Have you any knowledge of the things that have been printed in the Prophet? Fenrir Greyback was awarded Death Eater estates, the ones belonging to those who are imprisoned."

"Yes, I . . . Heard," Draco said, remembering the conversation Blaise and Granger had engaged in that morning. He was starting to feel a bit on edge, fearing the pathway of her words.

"Well, have you also read about the missing magical creatures? The ones that were found -"

"Dead, yes. And what of it, Granger?"

She huffed, as though she were struggling to explain herself. She sat up higher, scooting back a bit farther on the piano so her legs didn't swing so much. Draco was starting to feel uneasy.

"The bodies that were found, their funerals, the investigation . . . Greyback paid for it all. His philanthropy is . . . Disconcerting. He's got custody of Death Eater estates, which means he controls not just their money, but their affairs, their assets, their children . . . In one night, he was given more power than anyone other than Minister Shacklebolt. A werewolf. Against the law."

"And so you're going to the department . . . Why?"

"He purchased a Muggle laboratory, Malfoy, and who knows what it could be for. He's got plenty of power now to do whatever he wants. He's got the minds, pockets, and hearts of all sorts of witches and wizards, and I'm starting to think he's got an agenda. That he's more intelligent than he appears to be." She pushed her hair behind her ears.

Draco gritted his teeth to calm himself. "And so you are going to the department . . . Why?"

She scowled, as if giving up. "Luna Lovegood's father Xenophilius works in the records room, and he's told her of a suspicious amount of registrations being turned in with the species classification listed as 'Other.' I want to go there and see them. They're privileged, therefore what he is doing is illegal, and what I will be doing is just as illegal. I'm essentially infiltrating to possibly discover a corruption that was never meant to be discovered."

Draco stared at her for a long time, debating whether to yell or storm off. The amount of risk she was taking on was exorbitant. If she was caught, the Aurors would attack her and she could be thrown into Azkaban. Not to mention, where Fenrir Greyback was involved, it wasn't safe for her. She couldn't be anywhere near Greyback, not without him. Even with him. Greyback couldn't know of the nature of his situation with Granger. It would not only be dangerous for her, but it would spell disaster for Malfoy Association & Trust and Draco's plans to sever ties with the followers of Voldemort.

"No. Not happening."

"Malfoy," she protested, her brows meeting. "You don't understand. What he's doing - it's wrong. He could be the person who killed all those poor creatures, for all we know, to fit into some awful plan that none of us know about!"

"And that's exactly why you're not going to do it," he said. No - ordered.

"You're such a Slytherin," she spat, crossing her arms over her bosom. "Always putting yourself first. I can't just sit by when I have the means and the ability to do something to stop whatever he's got planned before it ever happens."

"It's a shame you didn't know what House I was in before you decided to pursue me with your swotty research and opinions on me," Draco hissed. "You're not going to get involved with anything that has Greyback's paws on it, Granger."

"Prat," she seethed, and then she hopped down to the carpet. "I'm going to do whatever I can to help whoever I can. And there's nothing you can do or say about it."

Draco felt his wolf howling within his mind and before she could blink, he was in front of her, having moved with unseen speed. "You're reckless. You're reckless, and the only reason why you defeated Voldemort was because you were recklessly fortunate. It had nothing to do with your bloody Gryffindor courage, or that poncy brain of yours. You just. Got. Lucky. "

Granger's eyes flashed and she jabbed her finger against his chest. "The reason why we defeated Voldemort was because I am a Gryffindor. Because I, unlike you, was brave enough to take a stand. I've always been brave enough to take stands for what I believe in, and that's why I knew from the beginning that Voldemort didn't stand a chance. And you -" she poked him again, and he felt his rage radiating outward from the spot - "- are a coward, and that's why your side lost."

The words smashed into him like the crashing waves of an enraged, violent sea and he snapped. He shoved her hand to the side and wrapped his hands around her upper arms, the same way he had that first time they were partnered together in Advanced Potions. He lifted her slightly, leering at her.

"Don't ever call me a fucking coward, Granger," he snarled down into her equally-angry face. She had no idea what awaited him the following night. No idea how hard he fought against the magic running in his veins just to keep her safe. No idea the risk he was putting her and himself in by parading her around wizarding London, buying furniture and letting themselves be photographed.

Granger lost her own senses. She shoved him away, arms flailing a bit as she smashed her fists against his chest once. Then, twice. He grabbed her wrists to stop her, and they glared at each other for a long moment, each one attempting to catch their breaths. As Draco looked at her, he felt his heart shattering.

She was right. He was a coward. And she was going to the Ministry whether he liked it or not. Because he didn't own her. As much as he wanted to believe and act like she was his, she was a lioness. She belonged to no one. He let go of her wrists.

"Granger. I -"

"No!" She cut him off. "If you want to be with me, Draco, then you have to accept me. You have to accept me, reckless choices and all!"

The silence seemed to ring like a bell, on and on, Draco's ears feeling as though they were going to bleed. Her words weighed heavily on his shoulders, on his heart, and he stared at her in astonishment. Because what she was saying . . . What she was saying meant that she knew how he felt about her when she'd asked how he felt. She already knew. And it meant that she felt the same.

She felt the same.

Granger's hands flew to her mouth in shock, just like they had the day she'd slapped him in the alcove. Without a word, she fled from the Drawing Room, her feet carrying her all the way back to her room. His enhanced hearing picked up the sound of the door slamming shut, and he flinched.

Draco stood there for what felt like hours, even though it was merely seconds. He gazed at the piano, at the place where she'd just sat, and tried to make sense of the words she'd just said. Tried to make sense of how he felt about it. Because it wasn't as simple as fancying one another, not where he was concerned. She was the Golden Girl. He was the son of Voldemort's second-in-command. Her friends would rather see her lonely and miserable than on the arm of an ex-Death Eater who'd terrorized them for six years at school.

She was perfect, from her grades to her body to her mind, she was flawless to him. He didn't care if she was reckless. And he truly was a coward. He was a coward who stood in this very room and watched his own aunt torture her mercilessly. She'd skived off her Seventh Year, sacrificing her life and freedom simply because she wanted to ensure that everyone else had a safe, fear-free life from Voldemort. And what did he do? He just stood by.

Claim her. His wolf was growling. His magic was chanting. The full moon was above the Manor, shining its pearlescent glow on the witch and wizards inside. Claim her. She is yours. She's yours because the only wizard who could ever understand her, who could ever give her the entirety of their being . . . Is you.

Never again. He would never again stand by and watch her be hurt, even if it was by him.

With a loud crack, he Apparated into her room.

She shrieked when she saw him in the mirror as she stood in front of her vanity, and she whirled around with one hand behind her on the table and one on her chest. Her window was open, the moonlight spilling into the dark room and illuminating her body where she stood. He could hear her heart beating, more rapidly than his, and he locked eyes with her across the room.

He took a step towards her.

"You said . . . If I wanted to be with you."

He took two more steps forward. Then three more. And then he was in front of her, so close that if she took a deep breath, the fabric of their shirts would brush against one another. She looked like a wild deer, and he felt lost in her eyes.

He wet his lips and one hand slowly came up to push her hair behind her ear. It trailed down her jawline, holding her chin.

"Do I want to be with you, Granger?"

"I don't . . . Know . . ."

The tension was thick, so unbelievably thick, and Draco thought that if he didn't touch her, his body might melt into the ground from how warm it was in the room. Granger wasn't saying anything, her breathing coming in short, fast pants, and from the way her eyelids began to flutter, he had a feeling no words would come from her lips that weren't coming out as moans.

Draco felt his stomach clenching and unclenching with desire as he put his hands on her waist and lifted her slowly on to the vanity. Her hands automatically grasped the chest of his shirt as he stepped closer, and her thighs rested against either of his hips.

Words were long forgotten as Draco ran his fingers through her hair and dragged her head back, exposing her throat. He kissed her there, the way he knew she liked, until she was whimpering. His magic drove him forward, moving his lips down, down, down, until they were kissing her breasts outside of her shirt. She arched her back into his mouth, her fingers twisting in the hair at the back of his head, and moaned just the way he liked. His heart jumped and his fingers played with the hem of her shirt.

"Off," came the strangled plea from above him. "Off."

Draco stood up straight and pulled the shirt off over her head, barely noticing that she wasn't wearing a brassiere. He dove back to her, his hands stroking up the length of her spine as he kissed the peak of her left breast. Her skin tasted slightly of sweat from dancing all night, but he didn't care. Her thighs squeezed him, holding his head in place with her hands. He parted his lips and pressed his tongue to her.

It was everything.

He lavished attention to her chest, until his witch was moaning and near tears. Her hips rocked against his abdomen with each stroke of his tongue against her, and he felt his own body responding in kind. His hands gripped her hips and slipped beneath the waist of her bottoms, fingers smoothing along the soft flesh of her rear. He wanted to kiss her. Why hadn't he kissed her yet?

Claim her, the magic was whispering. Take her.

He wanted to. He was going to. He felt the lust rising up, intensifying, and then he was moving his hands around to her abdomen, touching the drawstrings of her bottoms. Her body leaned into his, her lips kissing his neck and his jaw, and he felt his skin shivering.

Why hadn't he kissed her yet?

Draco placed his hand on the center of her chest, pinning her back against the mirror with his full strength. He gazed at his hand between her bare breasts for a moment, hunger rising within him. She was so beautiful, and she didn't seem to realize it.

Granger tried to push back forward, but he barely noticed it as he pulled one drawstring outward. The strings came apart, and he saw her gasp with anticipation as he slipped his hand into the front of them. He toyed with the band on her knickers. Her legs began to tremble, her hips jerked forward, and he pulled his hand back a bit.

"Don't move," he ordered, voice gentle.

"Please," she whispered, gazing at him from under half-closed eyes. Her hands were on her breasts, her fingertips brushing against where his hand was on her sternum. Her toes curled in an almost desperate move. "Please. I need it. I need you."

Draco groaned, resisting the urge to tear into her. He felt overwhelmed. He hadn't kissed her yet. He needed to think.

"I need you to be good," he whispered carefully. "Can you be good?"

"Yes," she whispered back, and her felt her hips moving, striving to get closer to his hand. His wolf could smell her arousal as fragrant as the freesia scent she wore each day. "Yes, I can be good."

"Then be still," he purred, feeling almost drunk on lust and power.

She took a deep breath and rested her forehead against his shoulder. He felt her body tremble and shudder from the force of holding herself back from moving toward him.

He wanted her so badly.

Claim her. Claim her. Claim her.

The chanting had been going on nonstop, on and on, and it wasn't until a stray cloud shadowed the moon that Draco realized what was occurring, what he was doing. This was just like last month. He was swept up in emotions he couldn't control, putting her in a position where she wasn't safe. Where he was hurting her. Because she would regret being with him if she woke up one day and realized it was just his influence over her. If her desire for him was just a symptom of him feeding off of her. She would wake up and regret it. He tensed, his fingers stilling against the outside of her knickers. She let out a whimper, her brow furrowing.

"I can't do this," he said, sounding broken. His hands recoiled from her body. "Granger, this isn't right. I'm not . . . This is because of the moon."

"The moon?" She looked confused as she held an arm over her bare chest. "What do you mean the moon? How is this not right?"

"I just . . ." He gazed down at her. He wanted to tell her. Right there, he wanted to tell her he was a werewolf. She would find out tomorrow, so why couldn't he just say it?

"This feels right," she said sadly, and then he saw her shoulders sag before she slid down off the vanity. He tried to catch her gaze, but she kept it on the floor. She picked up her shirt and pulled it back on.

Draco felt a spike of concern shoot through his body. Had he made a mistake?

He hunched down and wrapped his arms around her waist, lifting her up so that she was looking down at him. She looked surprised, but there was still a tinge of sadness in her eyes.

Tomorrow, his wolf hissed. Tomorrow, she'll find out.

Draco set her on the bed and she sunk to her knees. He cupped her face between his hands and leaned down toward her, feeling her hands come up to cradle the backs of his palms. He kissed her on the forehead.

"You're reckless," he murmured, "but that's what makes you Hermione."

Her eyes snapped up to meet his. "So you've become amenable to it?"

"Not amenable. But I will help."

"You will?" She looked awed, hopeful, and most importantly: not sad anymore.

"I will," he repeated, his thumbs stroking her cheeks once before he stepped back away from her. "Be ready for the Floo at 9:45, yeah?"

He left before he could change his mind, surrender to the moon, and climb into her bed with her.



 

 

Invisible


Tag, You're It by Melanie Martinez, Seven Devils by Florence & the Machine, The Unwinding Cable Car by Anberlin, and Heading for the Sun by Alexisonfire

Hermione POV

"You said you would help me, but now you're being a prat."

Hermione stood in the hallway with her hands on her hips, the Invisibility Cloak thrown over her shoulder, and her hair tossed up into a band. Before her, Malfoy was in the process of tying his tie, his body looking smart in another one of his expensive black suits, his hair slicked back professionally. Blaise had gone out for the day with the girl from the nightclub, promising to obliviate her later, so aside from Tinky, it was only Malfoy and Hermione in the Manor.

"I am going to help you," he said, his eyes snapping to hers as he adjusted one cufflink. "But I refuse to be happy about it."

"You're never happy about anything," she shot back. "You're Draco Malfoy."

"Say my name again, love. Better yet, scream it. That's what makes me happy."

Hermione fumed. "Say your name? All right, I will. Prat."

Malfoy stared at her for a moment, and she felt the tension building up between them. She didn't know what his issue was today, but he'd definitely been in a bad mood since the moment she'd stepped out of her room and spotted him. Now, he was continuing to be exactly what she'd called him: a prat. He was making it clear that he didn't approve of what she was doing, but he wasn't stopping her. He wanted her to feel guilty, she could tell. The problem she had was that she didn't know why.

Didn't he understand how important it was to ensure that the Ministry wasn't compromised? Didn't he, in his current condition, understand how directly the laws for magical creatures affected him? If anyone found out that he was becoming some creature, those laws would fall down upon him like a heavy anvil. And if Greyback was doing something sinister, infiltrating the Ministry and the wizarding world to stage some sort of strange coup, that could spell disaster. She didn't know what kind of disaster, but knowing Greyback, it couldn't be good.

"Don't challenge me, Granger," he warned, his chilled voice snapping her out of her worried thoughts. He took a step forward, one of those threatening ones where he used intimidation to get her to cower and eventually balk.

It wasn't going to work this time. Hermione had been growing steadily more and more frustrated with him over the passing weeks, she'd realized, and last night's events had only served to agitate her further. She wasn't a hussy, she didn't think of herself as one, but he made her feel like one. There wasn't a give-and-take dynamic with him, and it seemed like he found a strange, almost sadistic enjoyment in playing her body like a fiddle, his fingers and lips awakening fires in the notes he strummed. He left her wanting more, and he never, never kissed her. How was it that he could do that to her, set her body on fire, and then never take that step?

A tiny, tiny nagging thought had begun to occur to her, one that she knew would turn into a wormhole of insecurity if she mulled it over too often and too deeply.

What if he simply didn't fancy her? What if it was just a side effect of his condition, and he knew that, and that was why he hadn't kissed her? And she was just offering her blood like it was free sweets, when he had no intention of caring for her like she was more than a Knockturn Alley witch of the night.

"Or else what?" Hermione countered in response to his vitriol, spitting fire like a volcanic crater. "You'll pin me to a wall and tease me until I melt, tell me you want to fuck me, only to deny me moments later?"

She blinked once, saw his eyes flash, and then he lunged. He flashed forward, and her back hit the wall, his hands slamming flat against it so hard that the stone cracked. Surprised at having forgotten how strong he was now, Hermione gasped and cowered back, her stomach twisting as his body leaned flush against hers, and she felt his lips against her earlobe.

"The only reason why you don't always get to come, is because I don't let you do so," he hissed. "And would you like to know why? Would you like to know why I won't let my witch have what she wants when she's bad?"

Hermione's eyelids were fluttering, every single word he spoke shooting spikes of desire straight to her nether regions. She didn't know why she'd said it, why she'd gone that route in her anger.

She'd never been a wanton girl, but with Malfoy, she felt like he completely and utterly owned her body.

"Wh-Why?" she whimpered, crying out when his tongue curved along the shell of her ear.

"Because I want you to beg me for it," he whispered, and then his eyes burned into hers. She felt the blush of timidity filling her face from her chest to her face. He was smirking, and he leaned down until their lips were mere inches apart. "I want you to want it so badly that you're positively sobbing for it, and then, after you've begged me to give it to you, I will make your body tremble so violently that you see stars."

The mental images that his word produced alone made her heart pound and a moan issued forth from her throat. He moved to kiss her neck, and her hand automatically came up to twist her fingers in his hair, holding his face there. She knew they only had a few minutes before they needed to leave, but her mind was reeling. She wanted it, wanted him so badly that it was everything she could do not to touch herself at night. She felt ashamed of herself, mortified for being unable to control her feelings. Embarrassed to feel this way for Malfoy. Horrified at the thought of anyone ever finding out that she was burning so hotly.

"Would you like me to make you see stars, little witch?" he said against the curve of her throat, and she heard the rock of the wall crumble a bit more, as though he were gouging his nails into it. "Would you like me to punish you that way?"

"Please," she gasped, tugging at his hair. His words, his body, his power . . . Being at his mercy like this was like dangling off the edge of a cliff by her pinky finger.

"Remember where we are, sweet one," Malfoy murmured against her ear. "Please, what?"

"Please, sir," she said in a high-pitched, breathy tone. She was going mental. She'd gone mental. He wasn't even touching her, and she felt like she was going to lose her faculties. "Please let me -"

"Hush," he said, and then his hands slid from the wall. He pulled back and smirked down at her. "We need to leave, or I'm going to be late for my meeting."

Dazed, Hermione nodded, feeling like she would much rather turn around and hide in her room. He hadn't even touched her, save for a couple kisses to her neck, and he'd made her entire body start quivering.

Hermione was starting to suspect that she was being used, and she didn't like it. After everything she'd been through - everything he'd done with Theo and Crabbe and standing up for her in front of his friends - was she just a means to an end for him? Something to keep him alive, keep him fed and sated? That was why she was on this trip, wasn't she?

It was hard to reconcile this person, this seemingly selfish person, with the wizard she'd seen smiling at Tinky and lavishing the House Elf with affections. Hermione hadn't expected Malfoy to treat his House Elves so kindly, and she had expected there to be an overabundance of them. She'd always operated under the assumption that he was similar to his father in that regard, seeing House Elves as less than the same way that he'd always seen Muggle-borns as so. So when she'd seen Malfoy turn to Tinky, smiling a smile she'd never seen on his face before and embracing her, she had been awestruck.

Yesterday, it had made her fancy him more. But today, that was forgotten. Today, she wondered whether he truly had changed like she'd hoped, or if it was all an act. She was tempted to deny him the next time he needed blood, to watch him grow paler and weaker because the only thing he seemed able to give her was the three things she'd asked for: consent, safety, and security. She was tempted to do the Slytherin thing and make him see the hard way that he couldn't just use her like a human blood bag.

But whenever she thought about it, imagined the exhaustion that had hovered around his body for weeks before she sliced her skin open for him, it made her feel a worry so acute that she felt nauseous. Because she was Hermione, and she never liked to see anyone hurting or miserable, and could she really do that to him? Could she really go against her own morals and knowingly cause the suffering of a magical creature?

Sometimes, she didn't like being a Gryffindor. She didn't want to martyr herself all the time, especially not for a wizard who might not care about anything other than her blood. She didn't want to stress over this anymore, and she wanted answers. The night before, when she'd accidentally admitted in a roundabout way that she wanted to be with him, she'd felt humiliated. And then, when he'd Apparated into her room, she'd felt her heart leap into her throat with joy. She'd thought he was actually coming to her, coming towards her, to confess that he felt the same as her. That he, too, felt his heart open like the petals of a flower whenever she was near. His hands had been gentle, and she'd thought she'd seen a fervor in his eyes that she hadn't seen before - something more. Something deeper. She'd thought he was going to kiss her.

But he hadn't. He'd stopped, expressed sentiments of regret, and left. And she'd laid awake for hours, crying, wondering if the regret was because she was still just an ugly, filthy Mudblood to him.

After this trip, Hermione would make her decision. She would decide just how much she was willing to sacrifice, and if it was worth it.

Hermione hurried to follow Draco downstairs to the Drawing Room, where the Floo was. She was glad, grateful, that he'd gone to such lengths to redecorate and make things comfortable for her. She'd remembered, at the time, thinking that it was the most romantic thing he could have possibly done for her. But now, she was starting to second-guess everything. To second-guess him. She was starting to think he'd done it as a method of assuaging his own guilt, of settling his nightmares.

"So this cloak makes you disappear?" he asked as they entered the Drawing Room.

Hermione gazed a bit sadly at the maroon-and-gold decor, thinking of how he'd done the same to her room, and wished that she could believe that he'd done it for her. She'd been so honored, so flattered, and now. Now, she just didn't know.

"Yes. It's . . ." She hesitated. Before, she thought she could trust him. But the night before, after feeling the sting of blatant rejection as he left her confused with a kiss to the forehead, she didn't think she could trust him anymore. She didn't want to tell him whose it was, or what exactly it was. "Yes."

He gave her a strange look, as if he knew her thoughts, and for a moment, Hermione braced herself for a Legilimency attack. When none came, and he simply adjusted the lapels of his suit jacket, she felt relief flooding her body. And then she noticed something.

"Malfoy, do you not use your Occlumency any longer?"

He paused, and she saw his eyes flash a bit coldly, as though he didn't want to be reminded. "I can't. I've tried, but it became more difficult as I got more . . . Unwell. I can't use Legilimency or Occlumency anymore."

Hermione frowned. If he were a Veela, his magic would be exponentially more powerful, not less powerful. "That's odd. Is it something you can feel in your brain?"

He sneered at her. "Why? Are you wishing you could use Legilimency on me? Maybe see what's going on up here? I hope it's a fortunate search, since your Legilimency attempt on me in Potions class was weak, at best."

Hermione flinched. Why was he being so cruel today? Perhaps he really did see no value in her other than sustenance. Perhaps everything she'd felt yesterday, everything they'd done - the shopping, the little touches, the dancing, the caresses in her room - meant nothing.

Perhaps she'd never be more than muddy to him.

"I'm only thinking that perhaps, if you're a Veela, there is something sentient to the magic that blocks the ability to use magic of the mind."

"I can do wandless magic just fine," he said, glowering down his nose at her.

"No, I mean, specifically magic that alters the mind. Legilimency, Occlumency, obliviation . . ."

Suddenly, he leaned down closer to her, and she felt the cold look in his eyes chill her to her bone. "I can always try to obliviate the last three years from your memories, just to test your theory."

Hermione frowned up at him. "That would be quite mean, Malfoy."

His eyes scanned hers for a moment, something unreadable passing through them, and then he finally straightened his back. "I'm not exactly known for my acts of kindness, Granger."

"Then what are you known for?" she asked, wanting answers. She wanted to see if she could see the truth in his eyes, hear it in his words. That she was nothing to him. That he was using her.

The look he gave her froze her to the spot with a chill that ran straight to the center of her body.

"Let's hope you don't find out."

Hermione balled her hand into a fist. What did he mean by that? She'd never gone far enough to ask him what he'd done during Seventh Year, the year he'd been a Death Eater. She knew nothing beyond his substance abuse issues, and even that was through secondhand information. What had Malfoy done that he hadn't told her?

What didn't she know?

Malfoy stepped up to the mantle and scooped some Floo powder out of the ornate silver bowl that rested in the center of it. He tossed it inside, and the Floo roared to life, emerald-green flames rising to the top of the fireplace.

"Remember," he said, his back to her as he stepped up to the Floo. "Don't get caught. If anyone sees you and you end up apprehended, I can't help you."

"I won't get caught," Hermione said bitterly as she shook the Cloak out and prepared to wrap it around her body.

"I mean it, Granger," he said, and he whirled around to face her. His eyes were different - serious and dangerous, all at once. It unsettled her, and she shrank away from him. "I can't out myself by trying to save you from a situation you can't handle. If anyone - especially someone at the Ministry - finds out what I am . . . Everything my parents worked for, the company . . . It'll be destroyed."

"That implies you actually wanting to save me," Hermione said darkly, unable to keep the distrust and hurt from weaving its way into her voice.

An expression of puzzlement came across his face and he said, "Of course I'd want to save you. What are you even saying?"

Lie. Hermione shook her head and gestured to the Floo. "We should go."

His gaze lingered on her for a moment, and then just like that, the mask was back in place. His eyes froze over, and his face melted into an impassive regality that reminded her of Lucius Malfoy. When he stood tall and drew his shoulders back, he looked every part the powerful Pureblood wizard, and it made her feel a bit lightheaded. Here was a wizard who could make her feel the way she did, so angry and so breathless and so wanting. Here was a wizard who could have her cutting her own throat at his mere insistence, spilling her blood for him to consume, just because she didn't want him to die before he had the chance at a better life.

Here was a wizard who terrified her.

She wrapped the Cloak around herself, told him she was right behind him, and allowed her blush of shame to fill her cheeks the moment she'd disappeared from view. Together, they stepped into the Floo, and Malfoy said, "British Ministry of Magic."

And they were off.

Hermione felt nerves tickling her stomach as she walked quickly and silently behind Malfoy across the first floor of the Ministry. There were no reporters, thankfully, but many of the bustling Ministry employees who were milling about gawked at him. Hermione had to admit, he struck an impressive sight, his leather shoes snapping against the stone floor with purpose, his chin tipped up with the arrogance that he'd possessed ever since First Year. He didn't look behind him once, apparently trusting that she was close, and stopped at the Lifts.

What if someone bumped into her? What if she accidentally stumbled and the Cloak was removed in the open? She was sure at first glance, it wouldn't be that surprising to see the Golden Girl in the Ministry, but if she was caught inside the records room in Xenophilius's department, the fact that she was even laying eyes on the registration forms was grounds for a full Wizengamot trial.

"Ah, Mr. Malfoy." The lift opened and a man wearing a sharp tweed suit stepped out. He was on the shorter side, with slicked-backed brown hair and a youthful glint to his blue eyes. "I had heard you would be in today. How are you?"

"Enicto Carrow," Malfoy said, a strange warmth to his voice, and Hermione felt her heart still for a moment. A Carrow. This could be one of the wizards that Malfoy warned her about, a secret remaining follower of Voldemort. "I'm quite well. And you, how goes the potion making business?"

"Excellent, Malfoy, thanks to your father's company. If it weren't for him, I'd never have raised the capital I needed to start the trust to fund the initial entry to the market," Enicto said. "Greyback and I have been working on something quite fantastic, if I may say so myself."

Hermione sucked in her breath quietly. What type of potion could Greyback need? Perhaps Wolfsbane?

"Indeed?" Malfoy slipped his hands into his pockets. "I am intrigued. What potion is that you are brewing?"

Enicto smiled, a small twitch of his thin lips, and then he leaned in slightly. "Let's just say, the Ministry doesn't have control of everything on the market."

What did that mean?

Malfoy nodded slowly and then held out his hand. "Well, Enicto, I must be off. I have a meeting that I'm about one minute late for."

Enicto took his hand and shook it firmly. "Don't let me keep you; I'm sure the prominent heir to the Malfoy empire has many important things to do. Perhaps I will drop by this weekend for tea, if you're amenable?"

Hermione, who was standing inches from Malfoy's back, sensed the tension rolling off of his body in waves.

"I would, were I not set to go to my father's company tomorrow," Malfoy said, slipping his hands back into his pockets. His voice was as smooth as silk. "When I return for Winter holiday, I do plan to throw a gala. I shall send you an invitation in the post?

"Then perhaps tonight." Enicto smiled again, his eyes focused directly on Malfoy's in a way that Hermione felt wasn't exactly sincere. She'd seen that look in Lucius's eyes many times. He was telling Malfoy he didn't have a choice. He was testing him. Challenging him. "I have much to speak with you about regarding my account. I had seen the announcement in the Prophet about the transfer of the Malfoy estate. You must be ecstatic to come into such power, and so young."

Hermione looked up at Malfoy, clutching the fabric of the Cloak tightly.

Malfoy was quick as lightning to the draw. "Perhaps tonight. I will send you an owl if the time becomes available."

"Brilliant!" Enicto said, holding his arms wide and beaming. "Greyback had told me you were a bit of a social wizard, and I must admit, I wasn't sure. Your father is so stoic, he is."

Hermione felt fear eclipse her and she resisted the urge to grab Malfoy's jacket sleeve.

"Greyback spoke to you of me, did he?" She could hear the strain in Malfoy's voice, but when she glanced up at his face, it remained calm, void of deep emotion. She couldn't tell what he thought.

"He's told us many tales of your revelry during the war," Enicto said, and in his eyes, Hermione saw triumph. The challenge hadn't been to see if Malfoy would agree to meeting with him; it had been to see if the old Malfoy remained. "I hope to pick your brain, to see what things you enjoyed most."

Revelry. Voldemort's Revels. Enicto Carrow was one of them.

"Is that so?" Malfoy chuckled, and it sounded derisive. "If I recall, Greyback was present at every one of the Dark Lord's Revels. Perhaps he has some stories of his own to tell."

"Perhaps, perhaps," Enicto said, still grinning. "I'll let you depart, then. I'll be looking for your owl."

Malfoy waved goodbye, a polite raise of his hand, and then he pressed the button for the lift. He stepped inside and Hermione hurried after him, and they both looked at the attendant standing by the door. Malfoy told him to head to the Magical Law Department, and then he raised one hand to hold onto the strap above him. Hermione realized she couldn't raise her own arm up due to the way the Cloak was wrapped around her, and she would need to grab onto Malfoy. Even though she was experiencing a lot of doubt in regards to him that day, she gripped the fabric at the back of his blazer and held on as the lift began its descent to the second level.

Hermione, knowing Malfoy had enhanced hearing abilities, began to whisper under her breath frantically.

"That man . . . He's one of them, isn't he?" Her hands trembled. "Enicto is a Death Eater?"

Malfoy didn't answer; he couldn't with the attendant standing there, eyeing him warily. But Hermione knew. She knew, and she really, really hoped Malfoy didn't send Enicto any owls. And with the addition of his words regarding Greyback, Hermione felt even more uneasy. The fact that Greyback was talking to other wizards about Malfoy meant that he had him in his sights directly. That meant that he likely knew Malfoy was taking over his father's company, rather than Lucius's estate being given to Greyback like the others by whoever was sanctioning the releases, and that meant he was probably watching Malfoy.

Hermione bit her lower lip, chewing anxiously at it. She thought about their shopping trip in Diagon Alley the day before, when they'd been looking for furniture. She hadn't seen the Prophet that day, but she was sure she, Blaise, and Malfoy were featured somewhere in it.

What did Greyback think about Hermione?

She gathered her nerves for the umpteenth time that morning, reminding herself that risking her freedom like this was necessary. She needed to see those registration records. She didn't know what she was looking for or what she was going to find, but she knew that she was going to sneak off find out.

As if reading her mind, when they stepped off the lift and into the large department waiting area, Malfoy murmured to her out of the corner of his mouth.

"Do not leave without me. Follow me into the room, and stay until I'm done with my meeting," he ordered, and there was that same undercurrent to his tone he'd used with Enicto. It wasn't threatening, per se, just . . . Aware. Like Malfoy knew what the other person was thinking before they were thinking it, and like he wanted them to fear what he would do as a reaction.

Hermione wasn't sure how she felt.

She wanted to protest because Xenophilius was expecting her in minutes, but somehow she knew that she needed to obey, especially with possible Death Eaters lurking around the Ministry floors and halls. It was safer to do what he said. They were already late for his meeting, so she was assuredly going to be late for Xenophilius. She'd have to apologize when she got there, and hope Luna's father could still make things work.

Hermione padded softly after Malfoy as he checked in at the front, eyes darting around at all the witches and wizards who wandered about on their way to offices, rooms, and meetings. Many of them glared at Malfoy openly, but Hermione felt suspicious of the ones who didn't. Were they all secret Death Eaters, too?

She stood beside Malfoy, feeling a slight pang of jealousy ring out within her as he shamelessly flirted with the blushing, stammering witch at the front desk. At first, she'd been confused as to why he was taking his false persona to such lengths, but when she looked at the witch's nametag and saw that her surname was Karkaroff, Hermione understood. She was glad that she was safely hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, where she could blush and glare without fear of being seen.

"And how is your uncle?" Malfoy asked, leaning on his elbows over the counter, smiling a dazzling smile that Hermione had never before seen him use. She wished he'd turn that smile on her once in a while. His teeth were perfect.

"He's well, thank you for asking," the witch cooed, fluttering lashes that had to be false up at him. "His cell is beside your father's, I'm sure you were aware."

"I wasn't, but that is fortunate," Malfoy said in the voice he usually used when he was fluttering kisses against the swell of Hermione's throat, telling her how sweet she was. "Perhaps they can keep each other company, and speak to each other through the walls."

The witch giggled in a way that Hermione never would, and leaned forward towards him, the position of her arms pushing her breasts together and up. "I should like to think so. I find that I prefer to have company on the long, cold nights, too."

Hermione felt her heart sink as she watched Malfoy drop a deliberate gaze to the swell of her chest, and she remembered the feeling of his eyes scouring her bare chest the night before. She clenched her fists at her sides. What was the purpose of him doing this?

"Hmm," Malfoy hummed, and then his eyes flicked back up to meet the witch's. "I should like to think I'd prefer to have your company any night."

The witch giggled again, but it ended in something akin to a gasp. "Oh, Draco Malfoy, you are wicked. Perhaps I'll show up in your Floo tonight."

Hermione's jealousy was rapidly dissolving, reforming into sadness. Insecurity. How could she have been so dumb as to think Draco Malfoy would want her in his life for anything other than a blood source? The witch here was not only a Pureblood, but she was gorgeous. Whether her eyelashes were false or not, they looked real enough, and Hermione couldn't figure out Muggle mascara to save her life. At Hogwarts, it felt so small, so closed off. Hermione hadn't questioned anything Malfoy did or said. When he called her perfect, she'd believed him. Now, she felt like a bloody fool.

She unconsciously shifted away from Malfoy's side, tears pricking at her eyes as she debated between watching the scene unfold before her so she could try to start hating him, or looking away so she didn't have to feel like a rejected Third Year on Valentine's Day.

"Perhaps you will," Malfoy said to the Karkaroff witch, his finger trailing horizontally along the counter. "But there's something I need you to do for me first. Can you do that for me, pet?"

Hermione clenched her fists tighter. Just hearing him use that voice made her knees weak, made her want to press herself against him. Made her want to do whatever he asked, just to hear him praise her. That was his "you're a good girl, aren't you?" voice. It felt like it was hers. But perhaps it never had been. Maybe it was the voice he used on every girl. Maybe he treated every witch he was shagging that way, with sugar-sweet words and a domineering, controlling hand.

She flushed. He wasn't shagging Hermione, of course, but they'd certainly engaged in enough heated moments to be on that path. There was a clear dynamic between them that Hermione couldn't ignore. He was in control, and all it took was a specific tone of voice to make her want to fall to her knees before him and do exactly what he'd posited that morning: beg.

"Anything," the witch at the desk said, and Hermione looked down at the ground.

"I need you to tell me if you've seen Fenrir Greyback here," he said. "You know who that is, don't you?"

"Yes," the witch said, leaning forward a bit more. "And when? He's here often, for many different things. What specifically are you interested in knowing?"

"I'd love it if you could tell me what business dealings he's done here regarding my father's company. Do you know, darling?"

Darling. Hermione felt a tiny tear slip down her cheek and she wiped it quickly. She knew he was trying to get information, but after their argument that morning and the previous night, she wasn't handling this well at all.

"I'm not sure exactly," the witch said with a pout. "But I do know that he was here with your father himself months ago, before the war ended. When the Dark Lord was still in power. Was that helpful?"

Malfoy's eyes caught hers. "That was excellent, pet. You're such a good girl. Thank you."

Hermione bit her tongue in the hopes that the pain would distract from the mixed feelings of envy, dejectedness, and need that swirled through her body. That's mine. He only says that to me. Why did he say that her? I'm good. Me. It's mine. She swayed on her feet. Why was he doing this?

"So . . . I'll see you tonight?" The witch ran her tongue over her top lip, twirling her hair.

Malfoy leaned closer, sending a couple exaggerated glances around to ensure no one was looking, and then took her chin in his hand. Hermione sucked in her breath, another tear falling from the confines of her lashes. Was he going to kiss her? Even just for show, that was cruel, when she longed for Malfoy to press his lips to hers, just one time.

"Obliviate." The words hissed out from between his parted lips, his startling silver eyes trained directly on the witch's as the wandless spell passed across her face. Hermione hastily wiped her eyes, stunned that he'd been able to do that spell wandlessly when he'd mentioned having trouble with Occlumency and Legilimency at the Manor. She thought back to the previous night, when Malfoy had mentioned the moon being the cause of his lust. Could that mean that his magic was somehow more powerful or accurate during the full moon cycle?

Or did the moon have some sort of other effect on him?

The witch settled back with a dreamy expression, blinked a couple of times, and then gazed up at Malfoy with a curious look.

"Are you here to check in?"

"Why, yes," Malfoy said, and the cold voice Hermione had heard him use with Enicto had returned. "I believe I have a meeting with Gareth Greengrass. I am late, but he is expecting me."

"Go ahead and take a seat on one of our lounge chaises, and I'll notify him immediately." She still sounded like she was intrigued by Malfoy, but the flirtiness from before the obliviation was gone.

When they got to the chaises, Hermione saw that they were all full save for one spot. Most of the people there were wizards in suits, but there were a couple of witches with their ankles crossed, too. She had no choice but so sink to her knees on the floor, the edge of the Cloak brushing against the leg of his trousers. Almost as soon as he sat, an Auror came out of one of the offices and called for three of the wizards. They got up and walked away, but Hermione was too nervous to get up and take one of their seats. She didn't want anyone to sense or feel her presence.

Then, Malfoy's fingers surreptitiously brushed across the back of her neck, fingers mingling with her ponytail, his arm resting on the arm of the chaise behind her. Her skin prickled in a way that made her eyelids flutter and even though she didn't want to, even though she wasn't sure what her place in Malfoy's life was, she leaned back against the touch. Her mind tilted sadly, however, showing her images of the front desk witch atop the vanity in Hermione's room at the Manor, Malfoy's hands touching her. It made her throat ache and her eyes sting. But still, Hermione did not move away from Malfoy.

She felt ashamed and controllable.

Hermione grimaced. From where she sat on the floor, she could see the front page of the paper that the wizard across from them read.

'Domestic Bliss for Trio's Golden Girl? War heroine Hermione Granger shops in Diagon Alley with ex-Death Eater Draco Malfoy.'

Hermione felt her palms go clammy. Harry was going to expulso himself.

"Draco, my boy!" came a boisterous voice from across the room, and Hermione looked up through tear-filled eyes. An older man in his fifties with pure white hair pulled back into a carefully-arrange coiff and an equally white goatee came striding towards Malfoy with purpose, holding his arms wide.

"Gareth Greengrass!" Malfoy greeted, and Hermione scrambled to her feet a split-second after he did.

Hermione side-stepped the two of them as they embraced warmly, Gareth's hand firmly patting Malfoy's upper back. She watched the exchange with a bit of interest, wondering who this man was to Draco. She knew Daphne was Malfoy's friend, though she hadn't seen him interact with her in weeks.

"I'm so happy that you could make it," Gareth said, keeping his hand on Malfoy's back as they headed towards an open office door. "Your mother expressed concerns that you might not be ready, but your father and I knew you were. And here you are!"

Hermione followed as closely as she could without notifying anyone to her presence, not wanting to miss her chance to slip inside the office. If she waited outside of it, she knew she'd be tempted to sneak off and go to see Xenophilius without Malfoy. As wonderful as it sounded to get a bit of revenge on him for that exchange with the witch at the front desk, Hermione didn't want another reason for him to be in a bad mood like he was that morning.

"Forgive my lateness, Gareth," Malfoy said, and she heard a warm edge to his voice that spoke of years of familiarity. Hermione wasn't sure if that meant he was a mere Pureblood family friend, an ex-Death Eater, or a secret Death Eater. "I had meant to arrive on time, but -"

"Not to worry, not to worry," Gareth said, pausing a yard or so from his office door. He shot a knowing smile towards the front desk witch. "I've gotten caught flirting myself from time to time. Don't tell my wife."

"Your secret is safe with me, Gareth," Malfoy said, clapping Gareth on the back. "I simply can't resist a pretty Pureblood witch when I see one."

"Oh, I recall," Gareth said, voice and smile teasing. "The Dark Lord's Revels were nothing if not your hunting grounds, hm?"

Hermione felt her head spinning again, her lungs having a difficult time taking air. She stared hard, up at Malfoy's face, but he was smiling fondly at Gareth, successfully pretending that Hermione wasn't present and invisible. What had Gareth meant by that? Hunting grounds? Who or what was he hunting?

What exactly had Malfoy done at these Revels?

"Come, Fenrir is waiting," Gareth said, and Hermione nearly stumbled against Malfoy's back.

Fenrir was what, now?

"Oh?" Malfoy held his composure well, so Hermione couldn't tell if this was something he'd already known or not. He knew she was terrified of Greyback, didn't he?

Fenrir. Fenrir Greyback. One yard away, Greyback was in Gareth's office. Why? What for? Why?

She didn't want to go in.

If it weren't for the need to stay hidden, Hermione was sure she would have devolved rapidly into hyperventilation. Her heart began to race, hard enough to fill her ears with the resounding thump, thump, thump of her terror as icy-cold dread froze its way through her veins. Every step felt jerky, like she'd been curled up into a ball for centuries and unable to stretch her legs out.

She slipped into the office just before Gareth took his seat at a small round cedarwood table in the corner of his rather large, extravagant office. Hermione stood by the door, leaning her back against the wall and fixed her eyes upon who was sitting at one of the seats in the table.

Fenrir Greyback looked much different than he used to. Where once he was lanky and covered in layers of hair, he now appeared quite human, with his ash brown hair cropped close to his head, an obviously expensive suit adorning a thick frame, his biceps almost tearing at the seams of the blazer's grey sleeves. His slate blue eyes were set deep into his head, beneath a low, almost menacing brow, and when he smiled to greet Malfoy, Hermione saw with astonishment that his teeth were pristine and flat-tipped. The mouth full of canines that she'd seen him possess was gone.

Hermione looked at Malfoy, looking for any signs of the terror that was currently coursing through her veins, but she saw nothing. Nothing save for the cold, shallow mask he'd been wearing since they Flooed in. It was starting to unsettle her.

Was this his Death Eater mask?

"Draco Malfoy, it has been a while, hasn't it?"

Greyback stood in one fluid motion, and Hermione took a step back. He was at least seven feet tall. It was a wonder he had fit through the doorway. Her mind filled with memories of that night at the Manor, when Bellatrix's cruciatus curse was turning her insides to boiling acid and Greyback was promising to tear her apart from her "cunt to her pretty little Mudblood face" and she felt tears beginning to form in her eyes.

In front of her, Malfoy hesitated for the briefest of moments, long enough for Hermione to see that he was intimidated, and then he stepped forward to the table. He shook Greyback's hand over the top of the round table. His hand, already slender and long, seemed much smaller than Greyback's by comparison. Curiously, Hermione watched as Malfoy's eyes seemed to struggle to remain on Greyback's face. They continued to lower, as though he were embarrassed.

"A while, it has," Malfoy said, voice unemotional. "What brings you here today? Pardon me, but my mother had implied that this meeting would be a private one."

"Yes, well," Gareth said, clearing his throat. "Your mother is unaware of the ins and outs of business, bless her heart. You see, Greyback here is -"

"A majority shareholder in Malfoy Association & Trust," Greyback cut in with a small smile playing about his lips. He seemed much more threatening like this - quiet and gentlemanly - whereas during the war, he'd been about carnage and brutality. Hermione didn't know why, but she was more terrified of this new, refined Greyback than the previous version.

"You're . . ." Malfoy lost control of his mask for a moment, and from her view of his profile, she could see him appearing surprised. Then, the mask slid easily back into place. "I'll be frank, I am shocked. The laws . . . You were able to circumvent them?"

"I am able to circumvent any law," was all Greyback said, and Hermione clenched her fists to control her fear.

Malfoy was careful not to slip again. "I assume you have connections my father required, then."

"You assume correct," Greyback said, and he gestured to the table. "Let us all sit."

Three chairs were pulled out, and Hermione watched as the two wizards and one werewolf each sat down. Gareth spread papers all over the table and began to speak, Hermione unable to keep up with the law jargon as well as she wished. From what she could tell, Greyback owned 50% of the company, as a partnership with Lucius Malfoy. When Malfoy asked what the nature of the partnership was, Greyback's response was to say, "We share a common goal." Greyback also had his own trust set up with the company, which was being held for "such a time as when our common goals are ready to come to fruition." And when Malfoy asked what specific goals those were, Greyback answered him with a question.

"I am surprised, Draco. Were you always this inquisitive during the war?"

Hermione knew then, without a doubt, that in whatever Greyback was involved with, he was the leader.

Malfoy pored over each page meticulously, sometimes even causing a painful silence to creep by as his eyes scanned the words. Hermione had always known he was clever, and it was common for people to skim contracts and sign without absorbing. Malfoy was being careful. He was absorbing. When he came to something he didn't trust or understand, he pointed and asked for clarification. When something looked inaccurate, he simply took Gareth's own quill and corrected it himself with ink. Hermione felt like all their answers were guarded, thinly-veiled lies. At one point, he frowned so deeply that Gareth asked him what was the matter.

"This is from Appendix F, subsection III," Malfoy said. "The yearly budget and profit portfolio is missing 1.7% of its expenditure. Where is that 1.7%?"

Gareth smiled, and Hermione felt like it was fake. "It's normal for 3% or less of the yearly spending to go unaccounted for each year."

Hermione frowned. That wasn't normal in any business at all. Did they think Malfoy was dense?

"No," Malfoy said slowly, his frosty gaze snapping from Gareth to Greyback. "That's not normal at all. 100% needs to be accounted for. Where is the 1.7%?"

"Likely to things such as company parties, luncheons with account holders and prospects, accommodations when employees are traveling out of the country," Gareth said, and his smile tightened. "Etcetera."

Hermione watched Greyback carefully, whose hands were laced together on the table top. He looked calm, too calm, but she could see a blazing in his eyes. He didn't like Malfoy's line of questioning. The tension in the room was thick, and when Malfoy locked eyes with Greyback for a split second and held it, Hermione realized she couldn't tell who it was coming from.

"Unacceptable," Malfoy said simply, tossing the page onto the table. "You may own half of the company, Greyback, but you can't expect me to sit idly by while portions of the expenditure go unmentioned. 1.7% of a multimillion-galleon company is a large amount of money. And I don't know why you think I'm green behind the ears, but I want to remind you who it is you're speaking to."

"And who might that be?" Greyback asked, staring Malfoy down like it were a silent battle of wills.

Malfoy held his gaze, and it seemed like forever before, to Hermione's surprise, Malfoy lowered his eyes again.

"I am my father's son," Malfoy said, reaching again for the paper. "And I hardly believe my father would allow this discrepancy to go unnoticed. What is the 1.7% being used for?"

Gareth looked to Greyback, almost as though seeking permission or knowledge, but Greyback only had eyes for Malfoy. Amusement danced in his irises, and Hermione worried that this small discrepancy was exactly what they'd wanted him to focus on.

It was covering something else up.

"Very well," Greyback said in a light tone, as though he were bored. "If you must know, the 1.7% is continuously being placed into an emergency fund. It has been since the Dark Lord came into power."

"And what is that fund for?" Malfoy asked flatly.

"It was set up in case we lost. In case the Dark Lord passed. A sort of reserve, to help care for those left behind," Gareth said quickly. "Your father could not publicize it, you see, because there are many who would have seen to stop that fund from being used or accessed if we were to lose. But that is the truth; that is what the 1.7% is being used for."

More philanthropy, Hermione thought, suspicion narrowing her eyes. What is the 1.7% really going to?

Malfoy studied Gareth's face for a moment and then nodded curtly. He went through the rest of the pages, and Hermione half-wondered if he was going to find something else that alarmed him, but nothing of note seemed to crop up. He signed everything he was told to sign, didn't seem too fazed by the knowledge that he co-owned the company that was his father's legacy with the most ruthless, sadistic werewolf in Britain, and passed the papers back to them with Gareth's quill.

"Now, co-owning this company with you, while not ideal, I would enjoy being able to work together amicably for as long as possible." Malfoy folded his hands on the table, mirroring Greyback's posture. "What are the rules that you and my father exist by?"

Greyback smiled. "As we had common goals, there was no need for rules. He wanted what I wanted."

"Then perhaps we can share our goals, and see if they line up on the Pitch." Malfoy flicked his gaze to Gareth, then right back to Greyback.

Greyback smirked, and it was quite Slytherin. Hermione wondered what his House was. "My only goal - what my goal has always been - has been to ensure that magical creatures are in their rightful places. Your father wanted to ensure that Purebloods were in their rightful places. He assured me that you operated under the same sentiments?"

Hermione could feel her heart speeding up again.

Malfoy said, "We do."

Greyback didn't move, sitting as still as a statue. "And what of your opinions about Mudbloods?"

Oh, Merlin. Hermione felt dizzy.

"I think they're scars upon wizarding society," Malfoy said, with so much vehemence that she wasn't sure if it was a lie or not. "I think they belong beneath the soles of our feet."

Greyback arched one eyebrow. "And what of Hermione Granger? It seems, the Prophet would say, that you are fostering some sort of . . . Relationship with her. Now, I haven't been to see your father since his sentencing, but I would assume that the Prophet's assumptions since then have some basis in truth, no?"

Malfoy didn't flinch. "She is mine."

Hermione felt a blush rise to her cheeks. When he said that, claimed her as his . . . It made her feel like she was flying. But under this connotation? She wasn't sure.

"Yours?"

His silver eyes flashed. "Mine."

Gareth suddenly spoke up, and there was a hint of something in his eyes that Hermione didn't like. "Do you mean . . . What the Dark Lord promised us? Is she your . . . Property?"

"She is," Malfoy said, his words falling out in a snakelike hiss as he looked down his nose at Gareth.

Greyback's face split into a grin. "You don't say?"

"You mean to say . . . You bought one of the heroes of the war, and she is now your Mudblood slave?" Gareth looked astonished.

"Everyone has a price," Malfoy said, and Hermione knew then that she was scared of this version of him. He didn't sound like the Malfoy she knew. It sounded like the Malfoy she used to think he was becoming, back in Sixth Year.

Hermione did not have a price. She would never even for a second allow Malfoy to purchase her, or anyone else for that matter. The thought of being owned in body by any Death Eater, any follower of Voldemort, made her feel physically sick. Made her think of Theo and the horrid thing he hadn't accomplished. But she knew this was exactly the sort of thing Malfoy had told her about in the Prefect's Bathroom - exactly the sort of thing she was told to be prepared for.

"I would love to hold a Revel at the Malfoy Manor, for old time's sake," Greyback said thoughtfully, the baritone of his voice dripping with power and leadership. It was a voice that demanded obedience. "I should like to see exactly what the nature of your ownership of her is."

Hermione felt herself panicking. A Revel? A Revel specifically with her in mind? What did that mean? What was going to happen? She tried to calm herself. Malfoy would protect her. He wouldn't let any harm come to her; he'd promised. She had to hold onto that.

Gareth gasped and clapped his hands. "Brilliant! Absolutely brilliant! A Revel, in memory of the Dark Lord, and in celebration of Draco's ascension to the throne of the Malfoy empire. Draco, what do you think?"

Malfoy held up a hand. "I must decline, I'm afraid. I don't like to sh -"

"Nonsense," Greyback interrupted. "She is naught but a Mudblood whore, and Lord Voldemort would have suffered serious affront had you told him no. Tonight, dinner at your home, and I expect her to be present."

They stared at each other for a long time. So long, in fact, that Hermione began to feel uncomfortable. Hermione held her breath, hoping and wishing and praying that Malfoy would come up with another excuse, that he'd find them a way out of it. But a small part of her knew that there was something off about Greyback. He spoke as if he was the leader of something, something that eclipsed anything she could imagine.

He spoke as though he knew Malfoy couldn't say no.

Much to Hermione's dismay, Malfoy averted his eyes. She saw his lips part as he panted a little bit, as though it had taken great effort, and then he spoke.

"Very well. You may come to the Manor tonight at 8:00."

"Delightful," Greyback said, and it was a purr. "I'd love to see what she looks like when she bleeds."

"As would I, and many others," Gareth supplied, beaming as though he were being invited to an extravagant ball. "I'll invite a few companions, and we'll bring some entertainment of our own. We'll have a good, old-fashioned Revel, and we'll see just how far our little Golden Girl can be pushed before she breaks."

At his words, Hermione saw Malfoy's leg bounce a few times under the table. Aside from that, he made no outward showing of emotion at Greyback's words. On his face, she saw a sneer form, his eyes dark and stormy with feigned hatred.

"She is weak, much too weak to have defeated the Dark Lord on her own. Without her precious Potter and Weasel, she is nothing. A worthless, filthy animal."

"Careful, Malfoy," Greyback smirked. "We're both a couple of animals ourselves."

Hermione's stomach flipped. What was that supposed to mean? Was he talking about Greengrass? Or Malfoy? Did that mean that the Malfoy she didn't know, the one from Seventh Year who supposedly revelled all year, was just as sadistic as Greyback? Or did it mean something else entirely?

Did Greyback know what Malfoy was?

Malfoy went on to continue to speak, his voice lifeless and frigid. "She breaks so easily, so do not expect a very drawn-out experience."

That's how he's going to help me. Whatever happens, he'll make it short, and I'll have to make it seem worse than it is. I can do that. I can do this.

"Beautiful. We'll save her for the main course." Greyback stood up from the table. "Well, gentleman, I do have other business to attend to post-haste if I'm going to be on time to our little celebration tonight. Gareth, please be sure to owl me later about my proposal for the Werewolf Asset Control reform. And Malfoy?"

"Yes, Greyback?" Malfoy stood, adjusted his tie.

"Tell me so I have something to look forward to . . . Does she cry when you fuck her?"

Malfoy paused. A beat went by. Then:

"Like a baby."

Hermione squeezed her eyes shut against the onslaught of foul imagery. Malfoy wouldn't do that. He would never. He cares about me. He would never. She kept repeating the mantra over and over, and she knew she would need to continue to repeat it until the end of the night if she was going to survive this. Even though she'd spent the entire morning worrying and doubting if Malfoy was using her or not, for this one thing, she needed to believe he wasn't.

Greyback shook hands with both Gareth and Malfoy, and Hermione wondered for a brief, horrifying moment if Greyback was going to try to rape her that night.

No, no, no. Malfoy wouldn't let that happen. He's not going to.

Is he?

Hermione's brain was whirring, mind reeling as she struggled to process everything she'd just heard. Greyback had connections that helped him to traverse the wizarding world without following the law - this meant the Ministry was compromised to some degree. Malfoy's company was compromised as well.

Hermione doubted Greyback could be bought off. Just how many accounts under Malfoy Association's roof belonged to him? How many did he gain a direct profit or service from? And the way Malfoy seemed to be unable to look him in the eyes, almost like a smaller dog before a larger one, what did this mean?

Was the Malfoy she heard saying those things, those horrible things, the real Malfoy?

Greyback paused at the doorway, and Hermione felt her body shivering as his arm nearly brushed the edge of the Cloak. She dared not move, even though she knew he couldn't see her, and she held her breath.

He inhaled deeply, his eyes closing, and then slowly turned his head to look down at Hermione. She saw his slate blue eyes focusing on her, as if he could see her beneath the Cloak, and his pupils dilated with the same hungry look she'd seen in them all those months ago. She nearly fainted.

"Mmm," Greyback said. "Freesia."

He could smell her.

And then he left, and Gareth followed, mentioning something about a possible new scent being circulated through the department vents, and then Hermione lurched out of the room in front of Malfoy. She darted to the side as he stood in front of the werewolf and the wizard, and they finished their conversation.

"Very glad to see that our goals align, Malfoy," Greyback said, his hands clasped behind his back. "Especially in regards to . . . Undesirables."

"Agreed," Malfoy said flippantly, his hands in his trousers' pockets.

"I'll admit, I did worry that you weren't ready for this, Draco," Gareth said, and he put his hand on Malfoy's shoulders. "Even when you were chosen by the Dark Lord to kill that old bastard, many of us amongst the ranks asked ourselves if the Dark Lord was choosing wrong. But tonight, I believe you'll finally, sufficiently prove to us that you've chosen the right side."

Hermione hated Greengrass. How dare he reduce Dumbledore as such?

Malfoy smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. "Gareth, Greyback, you both speak as if the war isn't over."

"It's not," Greyback said, and his face was devoid of emotion. "And it won't be, until the Dark Lord's vision becomes reality."

Gareth nodded. "Long live the Dark Lord. Wouldn't you say?"

Malfoy said, "Long live the Dark Lord, and his memory."

Greyback bowed his head a bit. "I'll see you both this evening. Formal attire, please. Malfoy, do try to ensure that your Mudblood is aware of the consequences should she choose to get . . . Feisty."

Malfoy nodded, and then the men said their good-byes. Gareth gave Malfoy one last quick embrace, the embrace of a father figure that Hermione was certain that he never wanted, and then Malfoy stood alone with the still invisible Hermione. Without looking to see if she was there, even though he couldn't possibly know, he headed for the Lifts.

When they got onto one, there was no attendant. Malfoy pressed the button for the fourth level.

"How bad do I need to worry?" she whispered to the air, barely a puff of noise.

"I'll keep you safe, Granger," was all he said, but there was no conviction or emotion in his tone. It was like he were speaking to a stranger. When she chanced a glance up at him, she saw that he was pale in the face, and the mask he'd been wearing all day had fallen. It now revealed a man filled with unbridled rage. His eyes stared resolutely forward, burning with Fiendfyre, and Hermione's heart fell.

She supposed she needed to worry very, very badly.

When they got to the department, it was surprisingly empty. The front desk had no one behind it, and all of the doors were shut tightly. It almost appeared closed, but Hermione kept the Cloak on just in case. As they walked down past the doors, reading the labels on the walls, Hermione tried to converse with him.

"He's dangerous, Malfoy," she said quietly. "He's dangerous, and everything he told you about the budget was a lie. The fact that he directly admitted he has Ministry officials in his pockets is proof. I don't know what he's planning, but it's bad. I promise you that it's bad."

"What, so you've got it in your mind that he's planning a war resurgence, then? Some strange revenge on humanity for corrupt werewolf laws?"

"You said it, not I," Hermione said indignantly. "But yes, that's exactly what I think. I think everything he's done has been planned. I'm not sure how far in advance, if that supposed secret trust fund is of any indication, but he's had this goal in mind."

"You heard his goal. He wants everyone in their rightful place."

"And did you notice how he didn't say exactly where those places are? For all we know, he could think magical creatures belong above witches and wizards."

Malfoy was silent, and Hermione held the Cloak tighter around her. Then, he said, "You do have to worry."

"What?"

"Tonight. You do have to worry. Here it is." They stopped in front of the door that said Records and Registration on it in faded gold letters. He lifted his fist and rapped his knuckles against it thrice.

Hermione felt a bit queasy. Why did he have to say it like that?

The door cracked open, and none other than the white-blond head of Xenophilius Lovegood jammed its way out into the hall. His eyes gazed around shiftily, finally landing on Malfoy. He looked surprised.

"For Granger," Malfoy said.

"You're late, then," Xenophilius whispered. "My superior is returning from a meeting any moment. I don't know if I can . . . I don't know if . . ."

Quick and clever as always, Malfoy said, "I'll take care of it. What's your superior's name, and what does he do?"

Xenophilius hesitated, no doubt finding it odd to see the son of the family that had terrorized him and kidnapped his daughter standing outside his office door. "His name is Willus Rowle. He oversees the entire department, but his main role is as liaison to the Wizengamot regarding magical creature statistics."

Malfoy nodded, confident. "I'll keep him busy. Be quick."

Hermione tore the Cloak off of her head, ignoring her disastrous ponytail, and smiled up at Xenophilius.

"Thank you so much," she gushed. She started forward, but he stopped her with a look.

"You must promise me one thing," he said.

"What is it?"

"Luna. You can't involve her anymore after this. Whatever's going on, whatever's brewing . . . I don't want her caught in the storm. Do you understand?" His eyes were watery in the way that the elderly's usually were, his receding hairline only adding to his overall wearied appearance. He looked desperate. He'd survived two wars; he likely couldn't survive another if Luna wasn't there.

"I swear it," she whispered fiercely.

"All right, come in! Quickly, now."

Hermione followed Xenophilius into what she had not expected to be a very large room. And large was an understatement. Behind his desk, it seemed that shelves upon shelves of files stretched as far back as she could see, and Hermione felt a little daunted. She grimaced and turned to Xenophilius, but to her surprise, he pointed to a large stack of manila file folders on his desk.

"I took the liberty of pulling them all out. Every one of these registration forms were turned in with the Classification of 'Other.'"

"Luna explained it to me," Hermione said as she began to scour through the folders. She passed name after name, form after form, looking for something - anything - out of the ordinary. Something that she could see that no one else could.

Vincent Crabbe.

Hermione gasped and practically tore the paper from the file. She supposed it made sense, but she didn't know exactly what he was because he was just listed as Other. Her eyes scanned the paper, taking in all of the information. Age 18. . . Address listed in Wales . . . legal guardian listed as Fenrir Greyback - not a surprise, and not every registration form listened Greyback as guardian . . . Primary Care Healer named Cecilia Yaxley . . . Trait listed as Rage . . . . Classification: Other . . .

"Why do they need a legal guardian?" she asked.

"All magical creatures require a legal guardian of some sort." His eyes flicked nervously to the door.

"Can that legal guardian also be a magical creature?"

"Not usually. That's technically illegal."

Hermione narrowed her eyes. "I'm guessing Fenrir Greyback is an exception?"

Xenophilius looked away, wringing his hands. Then, he nodded as though guilty of something.

Hermione scowled and set Crabbe's file down. She kept going through the papers, trying to go as fast as possible, her brain chugging along like a subway train. She needed to figure this out . . .

"What are Traits?"

"Magical creatures that are not Ethereal or Born all have a cemented Trait that comes from their past species," he explained. "For example, love or happiness. And that Trait is intensified when they change. In the Other category, it was curious to me that they all had a Trait listed, even though it doesn't say what type of creature they are, nor how they transformed."

Hermione bit her lip, scanning someone's form. "This one lists their Trait as Envy. What does that mean?"

"That means when they were their birth species, at the time of infection, they were struggling with envying someone or something. After their transformation, they now suffer from an extreme form of that emotion."

Hermione frowned. The Ministry considered magical creatures to be illnesses. Ailments. Blemishes. To think of Remus being a type of infection made her feel like screaming.

She kept searching the papers, looking for any other similarities. Traits were interesting, but they seemed like they couldn't provide any real pattern.

Richard Buxley. Guardian: Amy Buxley. Address: Scotland. Healer: Cecilia Yaxley. Trait: Joy. Classification: Other.

Mary Fargo. Guardian: William & Marietta Fargo. Address: Lithuania. Healer: Cecilia Yaxley. Trait: Rage. Classification: Other.

Anwe Jibwo. Guardian: Jibwo Estate. Address: London. Healer: Cecilia Yaxley. Trait: Anxiety. Classification: Other.

She paused at one, shocked to see the name. Pansy Parkinson. Guardian: Parkinson estate. Address: Brixton. Healer: Cecilia Yaxley. Trait: Envy. Classification: Other.

Something dawned on her. And it dawned in a large way.

Frantically, Hermione began ripping back through the pages.

Healer: Cecilia Yaxley.

She'd found the pattern.

"These creatures all have the same Primary Care Healer!" she cried, holding clumps of the pages up to him. "Every single one. Cecilia Yaxley. Cecilia Yaxley. All of them!"

Xenophilius waved his wand and the files slammed shut, sorted themselves, and flew back to the shelves. "Yaxleys were -"

"Death Eaters, I know," Hermione said quickly."Who approved these forms?"

"My superior. Willus. He told me it's not my concern, when I asked him about it."

Hermione gritted her teeth. Another possible enemy. "Can you owl me copies of any of the files?"

Xenophilius shook his head frantically. "No. I can't . . . No, I'm sorry. I've already risked too much. I -"

A small bell began to go off, and Xenophilius waved his wand to stop it.

"What's that?" Hermione asked.

"They're coming this way. Willus and the Malfoy boy. You must get beneath the Hallow."

Hermione grabbed the cloak from the chair she'd tossed it onto and wrapped it around herself. She whispered a quick word of thanks before turning to figure out her escape, or to wait for Malfoy to enter.

"Wait!" Xenophilius said.

"Yes?"

He thrust a small pouch into the space she occupied, and Hermione grabbed it. "For Luna."

"What is it?"

Wild-eyed, he said, "It's a special powder. It will help with the cravings."

Bewildered, Hermione said, "The cravings?"

Without a word, Xenophilius waved his wand and a single form came soaring out of the stacks and into his waiting hand. He held it to his chest, and then slowly, held it up for Hermione to view. Her eyes went wide and her jaw fell in a gasp.

Luna Lovegood. Guardian: Xenophilius Lovegood. Address: Ottery St. Catchpole. Healer: Wendy Wainscott. Trait: Tranquility. Classification: Vampire.

"Luna is a -"

"Shh. Don't say it. Give her the powder. Watch over her." The paper zoomed back to its filing space.

Before Hermione could ask more, Malfoy walked in. He looked at Xenophilius, then down towards where Xenophilius pointed at Hermione.

"Did you find what you were looking for?" he asked the empty space she hid within, and it was refreshing - so refreshing - to see that metaphorical Death Eater mask gone for a moment. His eyes weren't dead. They were alive. For now, they were alive.

"Yes," she said breathlessly, rushing past him. "Let's go."

Malfoy turned and looked to Xenophilius, who just stared at him. He opened his mouth to speak, rubbing the back of his neck. There didn't seem to be any words. Hermione supposed there couldn't be any. Malfoy was going to be spending a lot of time being speechless with guilt in front of a lot of people.

"Take care of Luna, no matter what happens," Xenophilius said in a pointed tone. "Whatever Fenrir Greyback is doing . . . Keep her out of it."

Malfoy nodded once, and then he walked out with Hermione behind him. Hermione saw him waving to Willus, a portly man with a thick beard and a bald head, and then they were on the Lift. Thankfully, there was no attendant again.

"How'd you keep him busy?" Hermione asked into the quiet.

He shot her a quick look. "He's one of them. I invited him to dinner."

Hermione swallowed the rise of anger. "Why?"

"I can handle him," he insisted. "I can handle them all."

"And what if I can't? What if I can't handle any of it?"

He was silent, and Hermione saw him scrub at his face with his hands. "I don't know, Granger. I don't fucking know. He might not even show up. I'm just trying to figure this out as we go, all right?"

He finally pressed the button for the first floor.

"What did you find?" he asked, facing forward. He sounded tired.

"They all have the same Healer. All the creatures that are classified as Others. Cecilia Yaxley."

She saw him clench his teeth. "What?"

"I said they -"

"Cecilia Yaxley is foul," he spat. "More than foul. She's pure evil. And you mean to tell me, they all have her as their Healer?"

"Yes. And there's more. Crabbe and Pansy -"

The Lift opened on the third level and a group of witches stepped in. They were joined by some more people, and Hermione was forced to tuck herself behind Malfoy against his back. He stepped back, until Hermione's back hit the corner, and all she could smell was his cologne. She closed her eyes, suddenly feeling bone-tired. Her mind was weary with trepidation, heavy with revelation. She rested her forehead on his back.

She wished, in all of her years of reading and drinking in words like water, that she'd had the wherewithal to study Voldemort in-depth. She wished she had researched what a Revel was, what happened at them, and how the people were hurt. She wished she knew what was going to happen to her. She wished her body stopped trembling, and her teeth stopped chattering, and her mind stopped wandering, and she hoped they didn't touch her like Theo had, and -

"Keep me safe," she breathed, so only he could hear her. "Please."

He leaned back, and that was his answer. The only one she knew he could give. I'll try.

There was no doubt about it. Fenrir was the leader. He was the one to fear, to obey. If he had the Ministry in his pocket already, he'd already accomplished more than Voldemort had in years. He had the Ministry, he had the funding, he had the public heart. He had the power that Voldemort had had to kill for, and he'd hardly lifted a finger.

It was going to get worse, she knew it. Another fight. Another war. There would be more death. More pain. And it was all on her shoulders. All up to Hermione Granger.

She wept brokenly for a moment, her hands gripping Malfoy's blazer tightly, the silent sobs wracking her body underneath the Invisibility Cloak. Slowly, she felt Malfoy sneak his hand behind him, and for just a moment's time, she stopped caring about whether or not he was using her. She stopped caring and she used him. She wrapped her fingers around his tightly, holding on as if the gesture could stop the inevitable flow of war from sweeping her away.

She had to be strong.

She would be strong.



 

 

Invisible


Disillusioned by A Perfect Circle, Madness by Ruelle, Love & War by Fleurie, Night by Anavae, and Dirt by Anavae

Hermione POV

When they exited the Floo and entered the Drawing Room, Hermione could feel the rage emanating from Malfoy like he was a walking furnace. The drapes were closed, leaving the room dim from sunlight trying to filter in from around the edges of them. Malfoy walked over to one wall, where a shelf held trinkets and small statuettes, and he placed his hands on it and leaned over. Hermione could see his body trembling, though with emotion or anger, she couldn't discern.

Hermione stood there in front of the couch, wringing her hands and biting her lower lip as a way to try and manage the anxiety pulsing through her own body. She felt her stomach twisting and churning, not knowing exactly how to process what would be happening that night. Her imagination was rife with horrors, images of her being torn apart by claws and wolves and teeth and curses. She didn't know what was going to happen, and it was because she didn't know if Malfoy could protect her.

She wondered if there was a way for her to keep her wand, just in case something happened that made her too distressed to do magic. Perhaps she could cast a charm on herself that wouldn't allow anyone to touch her.

But what if that made things worse? There were plenty of things that could be done to her that didn't involve touching her. Plenty of things that could distress her so much that wandless spells failed.

She averted her eyes to the floor. What if they forced her to . . . Do things to them? She could hardly think about it. Just the thought of it caused bile to rise to her throat in a panic. No. Malfoy wouldn't let it happen. There was no way in Merlin's hut he'd let that happen.

"FUCK!" Malfoy suddenly roared, and then with a great sweep of his arm, he knocked every statuette off of the shelf and sent them crashing to the stone ground where the carpet didn't cover with a loud shattering noise. Hermione didn't flinch, partially because she'd expected him to explode, and squeezed her eyes shut, clasping her hands to her chest.

"Malfoy," she said meekly, not knowing what else to say.

"You should just go," he said, voice hushed. "I don't care what they do to me if you're not here. You should just Apparate to London, get on the next train. Go back to Hogwarts."

"McGonagall said she's not sending one until Monday morning . . ." Hermione took a step towards him, around the side of the black loveseat and sofa set he'd bought because of her. Possibly for her. "And besides, I'm not leaving you here with them. With . . . With Greyback. I can do this."

"Can you?" He put his hands on his hips, and his facial expression was raw with agitation and burning ire. "You don't . . . You're naive to this side of it, Granger. You don't know what . . . You don't understand . . ."

"So help me to understand," she said. Then, she took a deep breath and closed her eyes for a moment. She thought of what she knew, thought of all the things she knew for absolute certain. She knew that Thestrals could only be seen by those who'd seen death. She knew that Harry had a crush on Ginny all through Sixth Year, and that Romilda Vane tried to give Harry Amortentia that same year. She knew that Dumbledore loved lemon sherbets, Ron wasn't the best at Quidditch, and Luna was hiding a huge secret. She knew that Malfoy was full of desire yesterday, and now he was full of anger, and she knew that she was terrified. She also knew that the only way she was going to be able to be strong was if she knew for certain, too, what a Revel was, and what she could expect.

"What?"

"Prepare me."

"You want me to prepare you?" Malfoy's voice came out in a growl, and Hermione couldn't tell if he was angry with her, or with the situation. Or maybe himself.

She hoped she wasn't making a mistake.

"Yes. The only way I can be ready for whatever happens tonight, is for me to understand. I want -"

Without letting her finish her sentence, Draco's eyes darkened and his face contorted into an animalistic snarl. He flashed forward and before she could stop him, he whirled her around and shoved her over the arm of the loveseat. All of the breath was expelled from her lungs as he grabbed her ponytail with vicious hands and yanked her head up hard enough to make it hurt. She cried out as he began wrestling with her trousers, and even though she knew she'd asked for this, even though she knew what he was doing, seven years of past rushed up to meet her and she felt a whimpering sob bubble up from the depths of her throat.

"Does she cry when you fuck her?"

This is Draco. This is Draco. She tried to remind herself as his hand wrenched her head to the side and he began kissing her neck roughly. But that was the problem. The problem was it was Draco Malfoy, the Mudblood hater, the bully - and here on this couch, she couldn't for the life of her remember how she came to be in the Malfoy Manor of her own accord because this was a fucking mistake.

Hermione's hands pushed at the couch, trying to lift herself up, and she screamed. She felt his hand stop tugging at her jeans and then all-of-the-sudden, he shoved it up underneath her jumper and before she could stop herself, she was sobbing.

"Like a baby."

"Please, please, Draco!" she wailed, kicking her legs, scraping her feet against the ground. It came out as a mantra, a word for every time he pulled at her hair, for every nip of his teeth at her shoulder. Rushed past her lips like water over rocks in a stream, hurtling towards a river of fear and she was screaming it. "PleasestoppleaseI'msorry."

His hand ripped out of her jumper and wrapped around her throat. He squeezed, not too hard, but hard enough to fill her lungs with panicked air and - was this what he'd done to other people? - she just couldn't stop begging him.

"I'm sorry, please. Please. I'll be good. I swear." Crying and crying and crying.

"This is why you need to understand that there's no preparing you for this, Granger," he hissed into her ear, and she felt his fingers squeezing. Her screams faded into whimpers of I understand and I'm sorry. He continued, "You may have traipsed all over the countryside looking for Horcruxes, and then fought in one battle. And you may have fought hard. But the real battles are the ones the women fight in the confines of walls that imprison. There's no preparing you for this. You can do everything you can, and you'll never be prepared for war. You'll never be prepared for a Revel."

He let her go and she crumpled, deflated. She scrambled backwards on the carpet until her back hit the front of the sofa. Her tears were neverending, her body curling as tight as it would go, and she was sobbing. It was a mistake. It was a mistake. She never should have asked him. I shouldn't have asked him.

"I'm sorry," she continued to weep, hugging her knees to her chest and trying to forget how acutely the arm of the loveseat bruised her diaphragm. "I'll be . . . G-Good, I won't . . . I'm sorry . . ."

Malfoy sank down beside her, his hand reaching for her to wipe her tears. His face was twisted, distorted by her blurry vision and pain etched into the silver of his irises. She flinched away from his touch, then she leaned into it, and then she moved away again. Finally. she fell against his chest in a way she never had before, and his hands cupped her face. He kissed her cheeks, where the tears were, her forehead, her neck, little apologies because he was Draco and he never could seem to articulate how much he hated himself in those two words.

"You are good," he whispered, his eyes searching hers between kisses to her tear tracks. "You are."

She buried her face in his neck, felt him wrap his arms around her fully, and she burrowed into him. Yes, it was a mistake and yes, she should be repulsed by being in his arms and yes, she wanted to know what he'd done at past Revels, but right now, she didn't care. She needed him, and she just didn't care.

"You should go back to Hogwarts," he said again, his hand pulling out her pony and massaging soothing circles into her scalp. His eyes looked red, but he didn't have any tears on his face. "I never should have brought you here. I don't know what the fuck I was thinking. I don't care. I don't fucking care. He can have my father's company. I don't want it."

Hermione pushed away from him, furiously wiping her eyes. It was horrible, but it was Malfoy, and he'd done what she asked him to do. Fenrir was sinister, a malevolent force to be reckoned with, but she and Malfoy were the only ones who knew that something bad was going to happen. Malfoy letting them believe he was on their side was the best chance they had at getting ahead of the werewolf, and if that meant she had to play her part to keep him alive, she'd do it. She was a Gryffindor, she was bloody brave, and she was going to keep it together.

"No. I'm not leaving you here to deal with him. Not on the full moon. Malfoy, you heard him. He made it clear that I needed to be here."

"Granger, I don't know if I can protect you. I'm not as . . . Strong as him. I tried, but he's . . . My head wasn't . . . I couldn't do it." He looked panicked, panicked like the moment when his parents called him back to their side, before Harry sprung back to life in Hagrid's arms.

"You're strong, Malfoy," she said fiercely, not fully understanding what he meant. "You faced Voldemort directly and came out alive. You are strong."

He gave her a scowl and turned his face away from her. "You're saying that, but all I can hear is you apologizing to me just to get me to stop hurting you. Bloody Hell."

Hermione lowered her eyes. She didn't know what to say. She did know that even though her skin crawled with his touch right then, it was nothing compared to the way her skin would crawl after the Revel if it was anything like what she'd just experienced. "I asked you to prepare me. You did what I asked. I wasn't ready. Now, I am."

"Don't ever say my first name like that again." His eyes burned into hers. "I never want to hear you screaming like that under me, having to use my name just to get me to stop."

"That sounds like a message for yourself." She hugged herself tighter.

"It is," and his voice sounded raw. "It fucking is."

Her red-rimmed gaze was calm, a simmering storm brewing for the evening. "Then don't hurt me."

His brows shot up, a challenge. "And if they make me?"

"Find a way around it."

"If I can't?"

Hermione placed her hand against his cheek. "You will."

They sat there for a long time. Malfoy sat with one leg outstretched and one pulled up, his elbow slung over it. Hermione sat sideways with her legs tucked under her, and her arms and head resting on the seat of the couch behind them. He stared at the far wall and she stared at him and they rested in the calm.

Malfoy, to Hermione, looked like a castle on a cliff, beautiful and majestic, but perched on the precipice of disaster. One wrong shake of the Earth, and he would come crashing down into the sea, and the whole way down, he'd believe it was his fault for letting the Earth quake. Feeling the fear of him - true, real fear - had sobered her up, had opened her eyes to realities that she had never felt the need to come to terms with before.

They were living in a fantasy world. She'd thought that just because Voldemort was gone, it was over. She'd thought everyone deserved a happy ending, even Malfoy. She'd gotten herself involved with someone who may or may not have been a monster long before he turned into one. She'd allowed herself to become so entangled in his psyche that she felt like she knew him when she didn't really know him at all. And yet even with not knowing him, even with being terrified of him, she didn't want to leave their little world. Their tiny little world of intimate touches, spilling blood into his mouth, and whispers of how sweet she was. Their castle on the cliff.

Let the Earth shake, she thought, her eyes sweeping over the broken masculinity of his face, the horrors of the past war flashing through his eyes as he prepared for the possibility of a new one. One they'd be fighting on their own. Because Malfoy had a direct in with Greyback, and because Hermione didn't want her friends who had lost so much in the war to have to experience that loss again.

Hermione wanted to stop it before it even began.

"Before we left the Lift," he said. "You mentioned Crabbe and Pansy? What were you going to say?"

With a muted tone, she said, "Crabbe and Pansy both had registration forms. They both are classified as Other, and both have the same primary care healer. Cecilia Yaxley."

"Do you think that's why McGonagall couldn't expel Crabbe? Because Fenrir Greyback's got the Ministry in his pocket?"

Hermione shrugged. "It's a definite possibility."

"And Pansy . . . I thought it was bizarre that she was spending so much time with Crabbe all-of-the-sudden. They're the same species, whatever it is."

They were quiet for a long time, and then Malfoy said, "When I was speaking with Willus Rowle, he told me something you might not fancy hearing."

Hermione lifted her head from the seat, her head still feeling tender. "What is it?"

"Minister Shacklebolt. He's the one who created the Other category. It wasn't there a month ago, and then he just . . . Sent an official order to Rowle, told him to add the category. He did, and then all the registrations started showing up on Xenophilius Lovegood's desk with Shacklebolt's signatures already applied. They're supposed to go through a Wizengamot official first. The only person who can override a registration form like that is -"

"The Minister of Magic." Hermione didn't want to believe it. She sat up fully. "Xenophilius told me when he asked Willus about it, he told him not to worry about it. Just to approve them."

Malfoy sighed. "Then that settles it. If Greyback's got Shacklebolt, we're fucked."

"No," Hermione said, shaking her head. "Not Kingsley. He was extremely loyal to Dumbledore. If anything . . . He may be under the imperius curse."

"Is that's the case, then we're seeking the Snitch blind, Granger," he said, using the arm that was slung over his knee to tangle his hand in his hair. "And we don't know what the fuck we're doing."

"Then we fly blind. We just keep going. We make it through this . . . Revel. We make it through, and then we go back to Hogwarts and start figuring things out."

"And are you prepared for the worst?"

She tried not to flinch at the word "prepare."

"What is the worst?"

"A war where your side loses."

"Our side," she corrected him. "And honestly? No. I'm not. But I'm a Gryffindor. I would never stop fighting battles until there was nothing left but to surrender, and even then."

"Even then?"

"Even then."

He was quiet, hand still combing its way through his own hair. He glanced at her sidelong, and she saw his chest rise and fall rapidly with the force of his heartbeat.

"I would never stop fighting for you," he said softly, and then he slowly turned to look at her fully. "Do you believe that?"

"Yes." Hermione's cheeks flushed.

"Because I need you to believe that. No matter what happens tonight, everything I do, it will be because I'm fighting for you. Whether I'm a fucking Veela, too and you're my mate, or I just see you as mine, I'm not letting anyone fucking touch you if I can help it."

Too? What did he mean by "Veela, too?"

Hermione lowered her head and tucked a loose curl behind her ear. It was difficult to hear him say these things. Because they weren't situationship words. They weren't something words. They were I fancy you words and I care about you words and I'll do anything for you words and - Hermione looked over at him and wanted, in that moment, to kiss him. But she wouldn't. Not until she knew for sure.

Maybe when they woke up from their nightmare tomorrow.

"It's only 2:00," he said. "I need to go to Gringotts and sign some papers. You should . . ."

"I'll stay here," Hermione said quickly. At the prospect of being alone for hours, she felt the tears building in her chest. She wanted the time by herself, so she could cry it out and process what happened. So she could close her eyes and see that rare smile of Malfoy's in her imagination, instead of the way his face twisted with rage as he crossed the room to show her exactly what to expect from a Revel.

"All right," he said, and then he stood up, smoothing out the jacket and trousers of his suit. He reached for Hermione, but she ignored the offered hand and used the seat of the couch to pull herself upright.

They stood there and stared at each other for a long time. Hermione had no idea what he saw when he looked at her, but she knew what she saw when she looked at him. She saw that castle, beautiful and majestic, with outer walls that hid the shattered, decrepit inner walls of empty rooms that he wanted to fill but was too scared to.

"I want to fill you up," Hermione whispered, not really knowing that she was saying it aloud. "I want to fill you up with good things, until you stop trying to hide the fact that you're falling apart."

He looked away, and he pushed his hair back again. He turned to go.

"Let's see if you still want that after tonight."

He walked away, passing by Blaise, who had just walked into the Drawing Room. His smile faded and he shot Hermione a troubled expression.

"What happened?" he asked.

Hermione turned away from him and sank down onto the couch.

"He let me in."

Hermione jolted awake, realizing with aching clarity to her bent neck that she'd dozed off on the black sofa in the Drawing Room. It was dark, so she knew it was late, and she took a moment to gather her wits before she finally sat up. She saw that even though it was dark in the Drawing Room, down the hallway, lights were on. For a moment, she wondered if the guests were already here and a blind panic seized her.

Why were they just letting her sleep in here? Why hadn't someone woken her? Were they tricking her in some way, or giving her a false sense of security? She'd never studied much about war or prisoners or slaves or anything of the sort, so she hadn't the slightest clue how she should act in front of them. What should she wear? Was she supposed to merely behave like a servant or maid? Or was it more menacing than that, and was she supposed to crawl? After all, Greyback had specifically stated Mudbloods belonged on the ground. It was overwhelming to think about herself on her hands and knees, crawling in a room full of leery Pureblood wizards while Malfoy led her about like a pet. But was that what she was going to have to do?

The thoughts ran past her mind at a million miles per hour, only to stop when Blaise appeared in the doorway.

"I was just coming to check on you," he said in a tone more gentle than he'd used with her before, and he had a crystal goblet of liquid. "A Pepper-up potion, with a dash of Calming Draught. Just in case."

Gingerly, Hermione took the glass from him, still blinking sleep-cracked eyes, and sipped the sweet potion. Instantly, she felt small bursts of energy release from her body, and relaxation settled into her bones. She let out a sigh of relief, having not realized her anxiety was causing her to tense up.

Blaise sat down beside her, the front of him cast in shadows and his body backlit by the hallway. "I'm glad you're awake. Fancy a chat?"

"Of course, Blaise," Hermione said before she took another sip. Her hands shook a bit. She had a feeling she knew what he wanted to discuss.

"Draco's told me what's . . . Well, we're having guests for dinner, he says. And I wanted to see if you . . . If you knew what a Revel really was. I don't think he realized," he shot her a look, and it seemed a bit sad, "that you didn't have any idea what happened at one. No one's fault, of course, because it was the darkest part of Voldemort's regime."

Hermione felt her nerves spring up again, despite the potion. "I have an idea. Now." She lowered her eyes to the dark floor, feeling the tender bruise on her lower abdomen from the arm of the loveseat as Malfoy slammed her down onto it. Fear gripped her, cold and icy in its embrace, and she wished she was proficient in Occlumency so she could block out the memories of his hands up her jumper, and the feeling of struggling against him. Even as she sat there, she could feel the spot where he'd grabbed her ponytail, and it hurt.

Blaise lifted his hand and then he held it out to her. "Hermione."

The sudden use of her first name caused her eyes to snap to his. She looked at his hand, and then when she placed her hand on his, he gripped it tightly. She didn't know if she was gripping it to pour her strength out into his hold, or if she was using it to anchor herself amidst the tornado of emotions that were destroying her right then.

"This is going to be awful, isn't it?" she whispered.

"I sincerely don't want you to be blindsided. I know this seems . . . Odd that Draco agreed to host this, but -"

"I insisted he include me, that he follow Greyback's orders to bring me," Hermione said quickly, interrupting him. "Greyback's up to something, and now is our chance to get an in. If we can convince Greyback that Malfoy's still a follower of Voldemort, then right from the start, we have someone playing both sides. I want to stop a third war before it begins, if that's what he's got in mind."

"He told me what you found, what he discovered," Blaise said. "And as much as I think that's quite pressing, I think you need to focus on this evening. They will be here within the next ninety minutes, and in those ninety minutes, you need to be aware of what's to come."

"What's expected of me," Hermione said, a bit bitterly. There was no doubt it would be undignified, at the very least and traumatizing, at the worst. She knew that she would likely be changed by what happened this evening, even more so than when she'd been cursed in the stairs at the owlery, more than Theo's attack. Theo's attack was small compared to what was coming, she was certain of it.

"Revels are . . ." He squeezed her hand again. "Well, they're not for the faint of heart. I myself was only able to attend one, and I swore I would never again. I was never a Death Eater, myself. I was just following my parents, and one day, we came to a Revel here at the Manor."

"What was it like?"

"Things were different back then, so it was exactly as bad as you imagine. I don't want you to panic, but -"

"Speak frankly," Hermione said, drawing her shoulders back. "I want to be fully aware of what might happen."

Blaise stared at her for a second, and then he smirked. "Gryffindors. Ever the brave ones. But don't say I didn't warn you."

Hermione's lips twitched.

Blaise said, "Revels are nothing more than an excuse for dark wizards to do dark things. It's not pleasant. There will be no moments of reprieve. To them, you're not even worthy to breathe their air. To them, your bloody is muddy and therefore your existence is a blemish. Revels are their chance to take their hatred out on people like you. Now that Voldemort is gone, the Death Eaters and Voldemort's other followers are likely shaking. They've got no outlet. And with the Prophet reporting what you did for Lucius, they probably see you as a prime target. 'Muggle-born steps in to help the darkness, only to have her light snuffed out.' That's what they see."

"Will I be raped?" she asked, voice firm and flat.

Blaise turned his face away, still holding Hermione's hand. "I don't think Draco would let that happen. Honestly, Hermione, I think he'd rather avada everyone in that room than let them destroy you that way. I've heard how he talks about you. And it's not like I've got any strong ties to them. I'll be there, and I've got nothing to lose by not throwing in my lot."

Hermione took a deep breath. "Has Malfoy . . . Participated in any of the Revels?"

"Granger, you need to understand that Draco . . . When he was a Death Eater, he did things out of fear. He did things he would never have done otherwise. With Draco taking over his father's company, the spotlight is on him. He's going to -"

"Blaise Zabini," Hermione said fiercely. "Did Malfoy rape anyone? I need to know. I need to know."

"No," Blaise said, tone grave. "No. He could never. He would never. Anything he did for the Dark Lord, he did to keep his family safe, but there are lines. Lines that he would never cross."

"Why?" Hermione leveled her gaze with Blaise's and withdrew her hand from his. She needed to know the full truth. Because it was difficult for her to see how his father's bloody company was worth putting her in that position. And Blaise . . . Blaise was speaking circles around the truth.

She just wanted to know that what Malfoy had showed her that afternoon, with his hand twisting her hair as she fought and screamed, was not going to happen to her that night, even though she knew it probably would.

"What d'you mean, why?" Blaise asked, his brow furrowing.

"I mean what I've said," Hermione said. "I want to know why. Why are there lines that Malfoy would never cross? Why, when he spent so many years trying to prove he was just as wicked as his father, trying to prove himself for Voldemort, would I believe that he manifested morals overnight? Why has he suddenly changed so much that back then, he could stand there and watch me be tortured, but now, you think he'd kill an entire room of dark wizards to keep me safe?"

Hermione just wanted to know once and for all: who was Draco Malfoy?

Blaise jumped to his feet, looking offended. "Is it so hard to believe there's good in him? Is it because he's a Slytherin, you can't imagine he's got a heart?"

Hermione rose, too, her arms crossed over her chest. She wanted to yell back, but she couldn't think of anything to say. Because Blaise was partially right. She did find it hard to imagine that he had a heart. That Draco Malfoy was capable of feeling things on a real, visceral level. But it wasn't because he was a Slytherin. It was because he was Malfoy.

And she was realizing that she didn't trust him as well as she thought.

"I'm just frightened, Blaise." Hermione sat back down. "I'm frightened. I'm starting to think this isn't worth it."

"It's not." He sat down.

"That I should just go back to Hogwarts."

"You should."

"But I can't. Greyback told him I had to be here. If I'm not here when he gets here, playing my part perfectly, I don't want to know what would happen to Malfoy. Yes, we could both just leave, but if we leave, we lose our chance to infiltrate before anything begins. We didn't have this chance with Voldemort - we need to take it now. If that means I have to act like a Muggle-born . . . Slave, then I'm going to do it to protect my friends. To protect everyone. No one wants another war."

"Because you're a bloody Gryffindor." He sighed. "Truth is, Hermione. I don't know what to tell you to expect. Voldemort's regime was Voldemort's regime. If Greyback is the one we've got to watch out for, then we're all experiencing this together. Why are you doing this?"

"To avoid war," Hermione said.

"How is it that you know there's a war to avoid?"

"I don't. It's just a bad feeling I have, just an inkling. It's the same inkling Harry had. The same one I had when he came back with Cedric. War is on its way, and if I do this tonight - if Malfoy makes it known that Greyback can trust him - then we'll already be in a position to stop him."

"But, Granger . . . There are other ways -"

"No," Hermione said, wringing her hands in her lap. "It's too late. Greyback will know if I'm not there. Malfoy made it fairly clear that I was his . . . That I belonged to him. Greyback all but ordered him to have me attend tonight. It's not just about Malfoy saving his father's company."

"Are you sure?" Blaise arched an eyebrow. "You couldn't answer me when I asked you if you felt he was heartless. What makes you so sure he's not just using you for his own gain?"

Hermione felt her heart wrench in her chest. It was exactly what she'd been fearing all day. That she meant nothing to Malfoy. That he was a Slytherin, through and through, and that she was property to him. A blood source, a plaything, someone he could control, and now someone he could use for financial gain. It was all terrifying, and the more she thought about it, the easier it was to disregard all of the positive things she'd learned about him.

Because there were positive things. No matter how hard her fears tried to make her forget them, there were positive things. He had compassion, and she felt it in the ways he'd massaged her hands just to keep the pain from bringing her to tears. She saw his intelligence and drive in the way he'd taken it upon himself to try and find out who cursed her in the owlery, even though he hadn't solved it yet. She saw kindness in the way he'd watched over her after Theo's attack. She saw boldness in the way he'd sat beside her in front of everyone at the Eighth Year table. She saw care in the way he always, always made sure he had her consent for everything.

But were those things all real?

"I'm not sure," Hermione said quietly, gazing at the floor. "I'm not sure, and that's why I don't know if I can trust him. But I do know that in the end, I'm still going through with this tonight. Whether he's using me or not, I need to be there and hear what is discussed around that table. Whether he's on my side or not, I need to do this."

Blaise stared at her, his eyes narrowing. "Do you care for him? More than just a passing fancy. Do you care what happens to him?"

"Yes," she answered without hesitation, because she wasn't going to deny it any longer. "I just can't decide if it's a mistake to do so."

They sat in silence for a long time. Hermione felt a small nagging guilt in her heart. She did care for Malfoy. She cared for the boy who'd laid his head against her abdomen, seeking comfort. She cared for the boy who'd dueled his childhood friend in front of everyone in the common room. The boy who'd stood up for her to her friends when they misunderstood her. The boy who danced with her even though he didn't enjoy dancing, who decorated his entire Drawing Room in Gryffindor colors because he wanted her to feel comfortable inside of it.

It was just unfortunate that she was so terrified of his Death Eater mask and the things Blaise alluded to him having done while under Voldemort's power, that she wasn't sure who she was martyring herself for.

And she supposed she was martyring herself. Because she could run to the Floo, leave and go back home to her cottage until it was time to catch the Hogwarts Express, and leave the possibility of war to someone else to deal with. But she couldn't. Not when her friends had already suffered so much. Not when the wizarding world was still reeling and mourning from the last war.

Because she was a Gryffindor, and that meant that she was going to fight until her last breath for what was right and good, even if that meant she offered herself up as a lamb to the slaughter.

"I suppose you should go get ready, seeing as there's only one more hour until it begins," Blaise said, casting a glance over his shoulder. "I'll go wake Draco up. He was napping, supposedly."

"Oh . . . What should I wear?" Hermione asked a bit awkwardly. Blaise hadn't been clear about what would happen, what she could look forward to, and so far, her only idea involved what Malfoy had shown her on the loveseat. That was less than promising.

"Formal attire," Blaise said, and the two of them started down the hallway.

They walked around the corner, where Hermione could see the double doors to the Dining Hall were open. When she peeked inside, she was astounded to see what looked like 20 House Elves bustling about, readying the hall with lights, dark flowers, and what looked like magical twinkling stars that occasionally rained from the ceiling to disappear into nothingness before they hit the table. If it had been for a mere normal dinner, Hermione would have thought it looked beautiful.

"Oh, my," she said, lingering to drink in the sight. "And there's so many House Elves."

"They're from my parents' estate," Blaise said, waiting a few steps ahead of her. "The Malfoys used to have more House Elves, but after the Aurors came . . . They were all sent to other places."

Hermione frowned. Before this trip, she would have thought that was a good thing. But now that she knew the Malfoys freed their elves - or at least, Malfoy did - she was beginning to think the Manor was the best place for those elves to be.

The two continued on through the house, which hustled and bustled with more House Elves putting up lights that reminded Hermione of Christmas, and she found herself getting more and more nervous as she went. She wished Slytherins were more blunt, like Ravenclaws. They'd had a thirty-minute long conversation, and she had no more information now than she did before it began. She was, as Malfoy had said that day, seeking the Snitch blind.

Whatever happened, happened.

Blaise went into Malfoy's room, and Hermione rushed into hers before she caught a glimpse inside. She shut her door, swallowing hard as she went to the chiffarobe and opened the wooden doors. She reached for the only formal dress she had: the maroon sequined gown that Malfoy had purchased for her in Muggle London the day before. She fingered the satin material, closing her eyes. Hermione wasn't the type to dress up, and the last time she had was for the Yule Ball in Fourth Year. Dressing up was supposed to be a positive affair.

This was a Revel. Contrary to the meaning of the word that was its namesake, it was going to be anything but positive.

Tinky appeared in front of the door inside the room, smiling.

"Master sent me to help you get ready, since Mr. Zabini's elves are preparing everything else."

"Thank you, Tinky," Hermione said, smiling as though Tinky were a small child that she didn't want to worry. "That's very kind of you."

Tinky assisted Hermione with getting undressed from her trousers and jumper, but when Hermione went to step into the satin gown, Tinky shook her head.

"Master says . . . No undergarments," she said, giving Hermione a sheepish look.

Hermione felt a spike of anger ricochet through her body. No undergarments? Who was he to make

things unnecessarily worse? "I would absolutely not be comfortable with that, Tinky. You'll have to tell him that I politely decline."

When Hermione again reached for the gown, Tinky snapped her fingers and it disappeared.

"Master says you'd say that, and he told me to tell you that it's the rules. It's always the rules. That's what he said."

Hermione clenched her hands into fists by her sides. She failed to see how wearing no knickers was going to factor in with keeping her safe. She already wasn't able to wear a brassiere with the way the top of the dress was arranged.

"Tinky . . ." Hermione trailed off. "I'm not comfortable with that. I won't go if I can't wear my undergarments."

Tinky opened her mouth to reply, but then she sighed. She looked away from Hermione and snapped her fingers again. The dress reappeared in Hermione's hand.

"Master will be angry."

"He won't be angry at you," Hermione said, feeling much safer with her knickers on than without. What was Malfoy thinking? The goal was to keep her safe, not prime her body for the taking. Was he being cheeky? Why would he act so childish at a time like this?

Huffing angrily to herself, she turned to face the vanity as she pulled the red gown up over her hips and torso, ensuring the thin straps were secure on her shoulders without being too tight. Tinky snapped her fingers and a stool appeared behind Hermione, where the elf climbed up and began to adjust the corset lacing in the low backline.

Hermione flushed when she saw just how low the neckline of the dress plunged. It revealed her entire sternum, and if her breasts were any larger, the dress would be way too inappropriate to wear. The bodice of the dress clung to her curves, accentuated by the corseting in the back, and the sequins sparkled like rubies. The skirt of the floor-length dress split in two places at the front, so when she walked, her legs were completely revealed up to the thighs and, for all intents and purposes, it looked like she was on her way to a fancy, romantic date.

If only.

"Very beautiful, Miss Granger," Tinky said when she was done lacing the corset. "Here are some shoes."

Tinky snapped and instantly, a pair of silver heeled shoes with multiple straps and a small platform appeared upon her feet. They weren't modest, but they were respectable enough for her to walk in without tripping or stumbling.

Hermione sighed. She wished she didn't feel so beautiful. She didn't want any of the Death Eaters or whoever they were to have any reason to look at her.

"Sit here," Tinky said, snapping her fingers and causing a chair to materialize in front of the vanity. "Let's make your hair look as pretty as you, miss."

Hermione sat down and gazed at herself in the mirror. She wouldn't wear any make-up. That, and keeping her undergarments on: those would be her two defiances.

"Tinky," Hermione said as the elf's wrinkled hands moved deftly through her curls. "If you're a free elf, why is it that you call Malf - Draco 'Master'?"

"Because Master will always be my Master," Tinky said happily. "He freed me, and I will always love him for that. He is my family, and I am his, and he will always be my Master."

Hermione felt her heart thaw a bit. "Malfoy is kind to you?"

"Oh, yes. He's promised that one day, he'll find a way to free my sisters from the Goyle estate. Then, he says we can all live here in the Manor together."

Hermione's heart thawed a little bit more.

When the elf was done, Hermione felt like she couldn't recognize herself. Her normally wild, thick curls had been charmed into loose, flowing waves that rippled like liquid chocolate down to her lower back. A diamond pin swept one side back, accentuating the cheekbones Hermione hadn't even realized she had. She sighed, taking in her entire appearance: from the hair to the shoes to the dress.

"Gorgeous, miss," Tinky beamed, hopping down from her stool. "Don't you think so?"

"That's the problem," Hermione murmured, and then stood. "Let's get this Revel over with."

Tinky froze and her eyes rounded so wide they looked like teacup saucers. Tears filled her eyes and began to drip down her face "This is a . . . A R-Revel?"

"Yes, Tinky," Hermione said, a bit nervous.

"A Revel? No . . . Not again . . . No . . ." She sobbed and sobbed, tears the size of small crystals rolling down her cheeks.

Hermione placed a shaking hand over her midriff before she leaned down to Tinky, trying to keep her stomach settled. Why was Tinky so upset? This couldn't be good . . .

Tinky was wailing, blubbering like a small child, each tear causing Hermione to fill up fuller and fuller with fear. Hermione was grateful for the slits in the fabric of her skirt as she easily crouched down and embraced Tinky, trying her best to calm her down. She didn't notice her door opening.

"Tinky!" Malfoy was at her side, kneeling down and placing his hand on Tinky's back. "What's the matter?"

"Not again, Master," Tinky pleaded. "Not a Revel . . ."

"It's all right, Tinky," Malfoy said in a gentle tone, so gentle that it took Hermione aback to hear it. She watched as Malfoy caressed Tinky's face. "Everything's going to be all right."

"Why, Master? Why?" Tinky wailed.

Malfoy didn't answer her question, he merely said, "Tinky, tonight is going to be unsafe for you. I want you to stay in your room up here, and under no circumstances are you to come downstairs. I will send for you in the morning."

Tinky started to protest, but Malfoy shook his head. With another loud sob, she disappeared with a pop, and Malfoy and Hermione were alone.

Trembling, Hermione fussed with her carefully-waved hair. "Malfoy, why was she so upset?"

Malfoy stood from his crouch, and held out a hand to her. She took it, feeling the warmth of his skin beneath her own, and she gripped it tightly before he could take it back. He looked down at her, and she nearly recoiled. His eyes were deep, deeper than she'd ever seen them, and so, so silver. She gazed up into them, hoping she could hold onto the look within them for as long as she could, before the Death Eater mask came back up.

"Tell me why she was so upset," Hermione asked again, insistent.

He curled his fingers around her hand and lowered his eyes to the floor. "She was present for the ones Voldemort held here at the Manor. It was . . . Traumatic for her."

Hermione tore her hand out of his grasp and walked to the bed, holding a hand to her forehead as she sank to the end of the mattress. Her heart pounded with fear, her veins turned to ice, and she felt emotion stabbing at her throat.

Malfoy crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against her vanity table. Hermione's eyes swept his form. He wore a full-black 3-piece suit, with more expensive fabric than the suits he wore to Hogwarts classes. His hair was slicked back, sharpening his already handsome features into dangerous beauty, and as his own gaze regarded her, she found she felt altogether too exposed. When she looked at him, she still felt his body pressing against hers from behind, his hand vicious in her hair.

He had been right. There was no preparing herself for this.

Before he could say anything, Hermione spoke.

"Malfoy . . . He knew I was there, in the room. During the meeting. Greyback." She closed her eyes for a moment, hand still on her forehead. "He smelled me."

"I know. That means he's going to test me. The moment he realizes that the scent he picked up was yours, he's going to test me and see exactly why I was toting my slave around the Ministry with me like that with some way of making her invisible. But if he's anything like I remember, he will relish in testing my loyalty."

"Why?" Hermione asked, unable to keep the whine out of her voice. "Why is there loyalty that needs to be tested? He's not Voldemort."

"He's not Voldemort," Malfoy confirmed. It seemed like he trailed off, like there was more to say. Hermione thought back to what he'd said earlier that day, when he'd said he'd tried to, in some way, stand up to Greyback, and how he'd said Greyback was too strong. What did that mean?

"But . . . ?"

Malfoy turned his head. "He's not Voldemort, but it's clear which seat at the table is his."

Hermione hung her head. She was terrified. Absolutely terrified.

"There's only twenty minutes left," Malfoy said. "And . . . I need to . . . I don't want to ask this, but I need to be at my full strength. If I'm going to be able to protect you."

Blood. He needed to feed. Hermione wordlessly held her hand out and accioed her wand from the vanity. As overwhelmed as she was, she knew he was right. If anything happened that he needed to be able to help her with, he wouldn't be as effective if he was fatigued. She cut her forearm, focusing on the pain as a means of calming herself. She wasn't even sure if it mattered. He couldn't protect her without outing himself.

She jumped slightly when he appeared beside her on the bed, forgetting how fast he was. He gingerly cradled her arm and wrist in his hands and lowered his lips to the wound. The moment his tongue touched the wound, she felt the magic twisting its way through her body, like it usually did. She ignored it steadfastly, knowing that it was no time for her body to be controlled by anything.

Malfoy sat up, still holding her arm as she, with a blank expression, used her wand to heal and clean her skin. Then, to her horror, he held a hand out.

"Your wand."

She clutched it close to her chest. "Wh-What?"

"You have to give me your wand," he said, his eyes still filled with that deep, intense expression. "It needs to be in a place where you can't accio it. And no matter what, you can't use wandless magic tonight. They need to believe what I told them this morning."

"Malfoy, no . . ."

He said nothing, just continued to hold his hand out. Hermione hesitated, but she knew she was being foolish. It was too late to back out, not when she wouldn't even make it to the Floo before the guests started to arrive. Slowly, she placed the wand into his outstretched hand. Her eyes widened as the wand disappeared in a burst of flames, but he shook his head.

"Just a vanishing spell," he assured her, letting her arm go. "I sent it to my room. There's wards for things to go in, but not come out."

They were quiet, and Hermione felt the seconds ticking down agonizingly slowly. Then, Malfoy placed his hand on her forearm.

"Granger," he said, his tone serious, "we need to discuss what's expected, and what your limits are."

"My limits?"

He gazed back at her almost stubbornly, as though he were proving to himself he could. "How far is too far?"

Hermione's heart skipped a beat. "I . . . I don't know how to answer that."

Malfoy's eyes searched hers and then he said, "I'm going to try my best to keep you to . . . Myself. But there will be things they may ask me to do, and I need to be able to properly come up with a way around doing those things. Do you understand?"

"All right," Hermione whispered, trying to stay calm. She pushed her long hair to one side of her head, the back of her neck feeling clammy and warm. "What is my role?"

"Pet," he said easily, as though he'd put prior thought in. "It's the easiest way to put them in the mindset that you belong to me, and it increases the likelihood they'll listen to me if I tell them no to something."

"Pet," Hermione repeated, and the word felt alien on her tongue. She felt her skin crawl. "And I call you . . . ?"

"You don't speak," he said in a flat tone. "Unless I speak to you directly. If someone speaks to you, always look to me for permission. If you don't, they'll expect me to punish you. I don't . . . I don't want to have to do that. If you do have cause to speak, only address me as Master."

Hermione felt her stomach roiling, and she worried she might retch. So far, it seemed like things might be all right, provided she followed Malfoy's instructions accurately. No matter how defiant she wanted to be.

This was going to be humiliating.

"Can you do this, Granger?" he asked, rising to his feet. "Because I can see it in your eyes - you're already trying to fight. They expect you to break quickly. You have to break quickly. If not, things will go on and get worse until you do. Greyback is not Voldemort. He's worse."

Hermione felt a chill run down her spine and she found that she couldn't look up into Malfoy's eyes. She supposed it was fitting, to already feel like this. She was going to have to be in this mindset all night, following orders and keeping her eyes down. But even with her eyes down, she knew she would be able to listen just fine.

If Greyback said anything of note, she would hear it.

"I can do this."

"Look at me."

Slowly, she looked up at him, and her breath caught in her throat. There it was. The mask. His eyes were blank, grey voids. He lifted his arms and crossed them over his chest.

"On your knees," he said quietly.

Hermione's mind whirled. Was he . . . Practicing? Testing her? She felt her heart pounding and beating. She sat there, hand curled around the bedpost, staring up at him with a stricken expression.

"Get on your fucking knees, pet," he sneered, and there was no Draco anywhere in his voice. He sounded like his father. Like a Death Eater. His voice - this dark wizard's voice - sounded like the promise of pain and death and darkness, and she knew she needed to do what he said. Because this was a test, and if she didn't pass it, they were fucked.

She slid down to the floor, her bare knees slotting through the slits in her skirt and sinking into the carpet.

"Good," he murmured, and she felt her skin crawling along her back. She trained her eyes upon his shoes.

She didn't like when he called her good in this context. It felt wrong. It wasn't like the moments they'd shared. It was just . . . Wrong.

"This is how you need to be tonight," Malfoy said, his voice cold. "Subservient. Always do exactly as I say, no matter what I say. If I tell you to sit on my lap, you sit. If I tell you to sit on the floor, you sit. If I tell you to sit on the table with your legs spread, you sit."

Hermione's shoulders curled in, and she hugged herself with her upper arms. She didn't like this. This wasn't the Malfoy she knew, it was the Malfoy of the past. This was the Malfoy she'd never gotten to see - the Seventh Year Malfoy that everyone was so terrified of.

"M-My legs?" she squeaked out, and she chanced a glance up at him. Vile images spread through her mind.

For a moment, his mask slipped, and she saw his eyes flash. "Better they're spread towards me than them. I'm not letting them put their hands on you."

In spite of herself, in spite of the situation, in spite of what happened earlier that day, she felt heat rise to her cheeks and her stomach flutter. She wasn't used to this, this fierce protectiveness. She wanted to trust it. She wanted to trust him.

"You can keep your knickers on," he then said, his voice soft. The mask was completely gone when he crouched down in front of her, and she saw the corner of his mouth twitch upwards. "Because I know you already did, little witch."

Hermione couldn't help but smirk. "You know me well, prat."

"That I do," he said. His thumb stroked her jaw, and then his hand moved up into the hair at the base of her head. He gripped it firmly, tilting her head back a bit, but still the mask had not returned. "Last chance. Do you want to leave? I'll give you your wand back, and you can Apparate to the edge of the property."

Hermione opened her mouth, and she considered it. She seriously considered it.

But then she thought of what Greyback would do to Malfoy if he found out that he wasn't as much his father's son as the public believed, and she knew that the fact that he was giving her this one last chance to risk his life was the only answer the Gryffindor in her needed. Malfoy's words had stuck with her all day. The real war was the war the women fought, and it always had been. Passed around like currency, no war was without rape, pillage, and plunder. And it was Hermione, a woman, who had the power to fly under the radar. Greyback would never know that he was discussing his secrets with two enemies all evening.

"I'm staying."

Malfoy nodded, and then he let his hand sift through her waves. His eyes fluttered all over her body: from her hair to her face to her dress, and she felt another blush rising to her cheeks.

"For what it's worth, Granger," he murmured, his eyes gazing intently down into hers. "You look exquisite."

"Thank you," she whispered, because for the first time, it didn't feel like a compliment said in the throes of bloodlust. It felt like he meant it.

"It's time." Blaise appeared at the doorway, and Hermione's eyes snapped to his. He offered her a small smile as she rose to her feet beside Malfoy. "You look stunning, Granger."

Another whisper of thanks, and when she turned to look at Malfoy, he was gazing down at her with an indecipherable expression. He fussed with her hair, like he had that day in the Great Hall, using his hand to ensure that it laid just right along her shoulders and back.

"I'll greet them at the Floo," Blaise said. "Granger, don't fret. We won't let it go too far."

"Blaise," Malfoy said, and Hermione shivered as his fingers tickled at her neck on their way out of her hair. "I don't think you should make yourself seen."

"What?" both Hermione and Blaise said simultaneously.

Malfoy said, "I think it's too dangerous. Blaise, it's the full moon. He's a werewolf. And you're not a known individual. What if something happens? Having your life and hers on my conscience . . ."

"Oh, your conscience," Blaise snarled, looking angry as he gestured to Hermione. "You're perfectly fine living without a bloody conscience until now, when she needs us both."

Malfoy took a step forward. "I can't protect both of you, and you know that. He may see you as a threat - or something to be used. I don't want him to have more to use against me."

Suddenly, Malfoy whipped his wand out and hissed a spell that Hermione had never heard before. Blaise only had a moment to look enraged before he went soaring backward, across the hall, and phased into his room through the far wall. Malfoy uttered another spell, pointing it at Blaise's door from her room, and then turned to Hermione.

"It'll let him out at midnight," he said, eyes hard. "I don't want anyone else involved."

Hermione bit her lower lip. As much as she wished Blaise was there, to ensure she was safe, too, she knew that if it were Harry or Ron or Luna, she would have done the same thing. This was Hermione and Malfoy's foolish little world, their solitary little castle on a lonely cliff.

No one else needed to get hurt.

"Let's go."

Here we go, Hermione thought, hugging herself around the waist so she could feel less exposed for even just a few moments. There was no doubt her dress was gorgeous, and it made her feel every inch the woman she wanted to be, but she knew that after tonight, she would likely never wear it again. Whatever happened, she would burn it.

Hermione jumped as Malfoy's arm suddenly shot out to his side, stopping her right at the top of the grand stairway. He didn't turn to her.

"You can't walk down the stairs like that," he said.

"What, do you want me to crawl? In this dress? It's Versace, Malfoy." She fought the urge to roll her eyes, because he couldn't be making her go that far. She knew it wasn't time to joke, and that he probably didn't even understand that he'd bought her a Donatella Versace gown, but the mood felt so somber, that she had to say something to lighten the weight on her heart.

"Yes."

Hermione's stomach flipped and when she lifted her gaze to his, the deep, intense look from earlier was completely gone. Standing before her was the Death Eater Malfoy. He looked like a pillar amongst a raging storm, and there was nothing but frozen ice in his eyes. He was in-character, for lack of a better description, and all at once, she felt utterly alone.

"What?"

"I said, crawl." A hiss, a reminder. An order.

The air grew thick with tension that caused Hermione's breathing pace to quicken, and they stared each other down.

"Or do I need to punish you, pet?" A snarl.

Hermione sunk to her hands and knees quickly, grateful for the velvet carpet beneath her. Her hair fell forward to shield her blushing cheeks, fortunately, and she gazed down at the steps in front of her. The carpet continued down the stone, but the steps weren't wide. She was nervous she'd fall head over heels, and was doubly glad her dress had slits in the skirt.

"Wait until I tell you to come," Malfoy said, adjusting his suit jacket and then descending the stairs.

Hermione groaned inwardly. He was testing her. He was starting now, because she, too needed to get in-character. But Hermione was no actress - she was honest to a fault. She didn't know if she was going to be able to be the person - or animal - he wanted her to be. She felt her eyes burn, her fingernails digging into the carpet. What if she screwed everything up?

One of Blaise's House Elves awaited them at the bottom of the stairs, from what she could see, and he bowed to Malfoy from his place.

"Your guests have arrived, Master Malfoy," the elf's voice ground out. "Shall I bring them in from the Drawing Room?"

"Is dinner prepared?"

"It will be ready for consumption within the hour, Master."

"Then we shall take imbibements in the Drawing Room until then. Thank you, Krandy."

The elf bowed, and then disappeared with a crack.

Malfoy stood at the foot of the stairs, and turned to look up at Hermione. It was like she was looking down into the eyes of a demon.

"You may come." He slipped his hands into his pockets and watched her intently.

Humiliating.

That was the only way to describe it. It was humiliating and absurd, Hermione Granger crawling awkwardly down the stairs of the Malfoy Manor towards Draco Malfoy, who was treating her like his pet for the night just so they could trick a werewolf into thinking he was on their side. She would simply shrivel up and die if any of her friends saw this, as if it already wasn't going to be difficult to look Malfoy in the eyes after this evening.

When she finally made it to the landing, she debated standing, thinking with apprehension about how far the Drawing Room was from the entryway in this huge Manor. She debated asking him, looking up and seeing if she could catch even the tiniest glimmer of normalcy in his eyes. Something from him that offered a brief reprieve.

"Come," he said, and then he started towards the hall. "And keep your eyes on the floor."

There would be no reprieve. It had begun.

No, Hermione thought miserably as she began the slow, long crawl. The carpet wasn't helping anymore, the stone beneath it feeling hard and unforgiving. She could feel the bruises on her knees already forming, and each movement she made caused her to wince. But still, Malfoy continued on. His pace was moderate, causing Hermione to instinctually try and crawl faster, the train of her expensive gown shifting along the floor behind her.

This was overwhelming. In all of her years alive, she never thought she'd be in this position. It was beyond humiliating. She almost wished she'd taken Malfoy up on his offer to Apparate away.

Be brave, Gryffindor, she thought, her mind whispering it to her over and over. She needed to be brave. This was only the beginning, and it was, in a weird way, helping to ease her into her role. This was necessary. I have to do this. We have to do this. If Greyback is plotting a war and he's got Kingsley under the Imperius curse, all we have is Minerva. And I don't want her involved, either. It's just me and Malfoy. I have to do this . . . I have to do this . . .

Hermione took a deep breath. She may not have been a great actress, but she was a fast learner. She would look at it like a problem to solve, and she would solve it. Simple.

How did one act like a pet? Hermione didn't exactly have much experience with pets, other than her familiars. Pakatugg did whatever he wanted, and certainly didn't listen to her. Half the time, he was scurrying out the windows and reappearing at strange hours of the night with chestnuts. Crookshanks definitely followed his own rules, though he did love a good cuddle every once in a while.

So she tried to draw on what she knew. She knew that Malfoy wanted her to be subservient, to do whatever he asked, and to call him Master. The latter was easy, but what of the former two? What if he asked too much? She hadn't exactly told him her limits because she didn't know what was on the scale. And subservient. What exactly did that mean?

She racked her brain. Subservient. Servant. Submissive. That implied deferrance. The way House Elves followed orders, no matter what, and bowed out of respect. All right, she could do that. She would keep her head down, her gaze lowered, and she would ensure that she did whatever he told her to do in a way that showed she wasn't defiant.

Hopefully. Hermione was no weak girl. She had no issues following rules; that was, dare she say, one of her best skills. The issue was when those rules went against her morals. She knew when to sift through the rules and pick out the ones that were flawed, and then break them. She would be able to do most of what Malfoy wanted, and say what he wanted her to say.

Her cheeks heated. She had no issue saying the things that Malfoy wanted her to say. The only issue was the only time she seemed able to do so was when they were sharing a . . . Moment. When she felt safe and secure. Right now, she didn't feel safe or secure, and she had a feeling that consent was out the window at this point.

"W-Wait," she said, feeling winded when they were halfway down the hall. The Drawing Room doors were cracked, and light spilled out from within. Hermione could hear voices and laughter coming from within, male and female.

Malfoy did not wait.

Hermione scrambled as fast as she could on her hands and knees to catch up, panting a little heavily to try and catch her breath, and then they were in front of the Drawing Room.

Krandy stepped out. "Shall I announce you, Master?"

Malfoy nodded.

The elf went back in and as Hermione sagged beside Malfoy's feet, sweat trickling down her temple, she felt his hand brush through her hair.

"Eyes down. Talk to no one. If you hit a limit, say, 'Thank you', and I'll know." He breathed it out. She looked up at him, but it was like staring at a stone face. There was nothing there. But she'd heard it - he was in there.

Thank you? Why would I . . . Realization dawned. By her thanking them for whatever it was, she would appear to be subservient, grateful to her master for allowing her to participate, and then he'd be able to stop them without it looking suspicious. Embarrassing though it would be, it was a good plan.

Malfoy, clever as always.

The Drawing Room doors opened and Malfoy strode forward into the room. Hermione hissed in pain as her aching knees and throbbing hands moved across the stone, and the multiple voices began to laugh in delight. Hermione tried not to feel sick, keeping her eyes trained on the floor as they made their way to the carpet, where she could see three pairs of male feet scattered about. She sucked in a breath of shock when she saw that there were three other sets of knees on the carpet as well, and she realized.

She wasn't the only Muggle-born in attendance.

"Ah, Draco, my boy!" Hermione heard Gareth's voice. "She. Is. Exquisite. Crawling like the filthy animal she is. I never thought I'd see the day when Voldemort's dreams of subservience came true."

"Good evening, Gareth. Evening, all." Malfoy's voice was cold, impassive. "Where is Greyback?"

"Lord Greyback," Gareth corrected smoothly. "And he is on his way; he was held up with his Healer. As you well know it's the Full Moon, and Wolfsbane Potion is not easy to brew."

So it's Lord Greyback, Hermione thought with a tiny inner cry of triumph. It renewed her resolve. Now they knew more than when they started: Greyback was the leader, and he had earned enough respect from wizards to have earned the title of "Lord." It was only a matter of time before more information started trickling out, and when Greyback himself arrived, she had a feeling that was when the rain would start to pour.

Feeling strengthened, she straightened her arms and made sure her head stayed ducked down.

"I do," Malfoy said. He sounded bored.

"May we see her?" Gareth said. "I've been promising them quite the specimen. Hardly any of them believed what I told them. I didn't invite as many as would attend a traditional Revel, but I felt that your slave was too precious of a commodity. Not everyone deserves to lay eyes upon her."

"Is that so?" Malfoy then surprised Hermione by kicking her lightly in the side of the leg with his boot. It looked worse than it felt. "Up, pet."

Shakily, her cheeks burning, Hermione rose to her feet, reminding herself that it was all for show. Her knees ached, causing her to remain slightly bent, but she didn't grab onto Malfoy in any way. She had a feeling he'd just shake her off, or worse.

Hermione lifted her head and her eyes danced around the area between the sofa and loveseat. She saw that there were indeed three other girls on the floor, and to her discomfort, she saw that they wore decidedly different gowns that hers. All three of them had some variation of gauzy negligee, one with lace and glitter, one with feathers lining the edges, and one that left nothing to the imagination. Around them, she recognized Gareth Greengrass and the man from earlier, Enicto Carrow. The other man was a bit older than her and Malfoy, with a shock of jet-black hair falling about his head, a curious set of crimson-red eyes - A vampire? - and a gaze that rivaled the gaze Malfoy gave her when he was touching her. All three wizards wore suits and dress robes, and all held a wine glass in their hands.

Every single one of them was gazing at her with a hunger that she'd never experienced before, as if they'd been starving in a desert for 10 years, and she was the first morsel they'd come across. She hugged her arms around her body, and then gasped when she suddenly felt hands twisting through her long hair, painfully so.

"Eyes on the ground, Mudblood." Malfoy's voice was vicious, full of ire.

Hermione nodded quickly and lowered her eyes, and when he let go of her, he shoved at her head a bit. She stumbled, nearly toppling over in her heels, and then steadied herself at the last minute. She was shocked, but she took a deep breath. Dinner hadn't even begun. Everything he did was necessary. He had to make it look real. She thought the words repeatedly, and kept her face down.

"She looks awfully healthy for a Mudblood slave," Enicto said. He took a step forward, and she saw his him lift his wine glass, presumably to take a sip.

The raven-haired wizard came forward and when he spoke, his voice was dark and sinister. "Not a bruise on her, Malfoy. She doesn't look broken-spirited to me."

Hermione stiffened. She wasn't stupid. That was suspicion she heard from both of them. She wracked her brain, trying to figure out what to do. She wanted to lift her eyes, to ask Malfoy what she should do, or to see if he had something in his gaze that told her what to do, but she refrained. "Do whatever I say," he'd said.

"I prefer to take care of my toys," Malfoy said nonchalantly, and out of the corner of her eye, she saw Krandy appear beside him with a glass of wine, which he accepted. "Don't you, Demetri?"

Demetri took another step towards Hermione, and she shrunk away from him. He smelled awful, like rotting meat and dirt. She felt a wave of nausea wash over her body, but she remained calm.

Eyes down, she told herself. Eyes down, Hermione.

"I wouldn't know," Demetri said, and his breath nearly made Hermione gag. "I broke all of mine."

Hermione bit down on her tongue, focusing on the pain to redirect her thoughts away from the horrid images that played in her mind. Judging by the fact that there were three other girls on the floor in front of her, to these wizards, 'toys' meant 'people', and that sickened her. How many other Death Eaters had Muggle-born slaves? How were their disappearances going unnoticed? Who were the three girls, and had their families been found, heard, or ignored?

Enicto came to stand beside Demetri, and he grabbed Hermione's chin roughly, dragging her face up. Surprised, her eyes darted up to meet his and then quickly looked down. Her heart beat wildly, and she hoped Malfoy hadn't seen. If he had, she hoped he let it go.

She could feel his eyes burning into her from her right.

"Perhaps she breaks in other ways," Enicto said, turning her face left and right. "There's more than one way to break a toy, gentleman. For example. Orchid, please come here."

Hermione saw the girl in the feathered negligee rise to her feet and drift over. She looked away from Orchid's visible breasts and pubic area, feeling grateful that she hadn't been made to wear anything similar to that. Her heart wrenched. How many other girls had been taken, just like Orchid? It was awful, to think of how vile Voldemort had been, and how malevolent his followers still were.

"Do you put yours under the Imperius curse, Malfoy?" Enicto asked, and Hermione saw him withdrawing his wand. "I've heard Granger is a feisty, disobedient little cur. I should like to think the curse would be necessary for her?"

"I . . ." Malfoy only paused for a brief second, but was quick to recover, his tone flat, lifeless. "I enjoy when she struggles. Defiance is the storm, obedience the calm afterward."

Hermione's mind flashed back to that morning and her breathing pace quickened. He doesn't mean it. He kissed my tears. He only did it because I told him to. He doesn't mean it.

"Hm," Enicto said. "I prefer to have complete control myself. Imperio."

Orchid, who had been swaying from something Hermione couldn't name, now stood rigid and firm with her arms at her sides.

Hermione lifted her head slightly, unable to fight the curiosity. She couldn't see Orchid's face, but she could imagine it: the blank, unseeing eyes, flat facial expression, and set jaw.

"Orchid," Enicto said. His glee was palpable and it slid through the air, greasy and horrid. "Break your fingers for me, will you, poppet?"

Orchid used her left hand to grab the fingers of her right and bend them backward. She kept going and going, the audible cracking noises causing Hermione to flinch and squeeze her eyes shut. There was a split second of silence, and then the girl began to scream, a steady cry of anguish. She collapsed onto her knees on the floor in Hermione's downturned line of sight. Hermione fought the urge to stagger backwards.

Four of her fingers were hanging limply backward from the sockets, the knuckles touching the backs of her violently-quivering palms. Tears streamed unchecked down her grieving face, and Hermione began to realize that the Imperius curse was a prison, and the cursed individual was simply a passenger in their own body while the dark wizard who cast it controlled their every move. Under the curse, Orchid felt everything.

"I like to wait until the very last moment to lift the curse," Enicto said casually, an audible shrug. "That way I can hear the Muggle-borns scream."

Them. Them? There were multiple people. How many people had been kidnapped, taken, and destroyed? Tortured? Killed?

Hermione felt a hand on the back of her neck, and she jolted out of her panicked reverie, trying to catch her breath. She didn't need to look up from Orchid's tear-stained face to know it was Malfoy. Hermione quickly wiped the tears of fright from her own eyes; Malfoy was giving her a warning.

"I'm sure you all have . . . Interesting pastimes," Malfoy said, gesturing towards them with his wine glass. "I have no need of magic with my Mudblood. She's not as brave as her House would suggest."

"Is that so?" Gareth asked curiously. "How do you mean?"

Hermione felt Malfoy's eyes on her, felt his hand squeeze the back of her neck a tiny bit, as if to remind her to stay focused and alert. She could tell - this was likely dangerous territory. "She fears the unknown. All I need to do is say the words, and she does what I ask. Don't you, Mudblood filth?"

His face was right by her ear, she could feel his nose brushing her hair. She took a deep breath, not knowing if she was supposed to respond or not. Not wanting to risk it, she clenched her fists and sealed her lips.

Wrong choice.

Malfoy squeezed her neck so hard that it hurt, and sent lightning bolts of agony downward through her spine. She hunched her shoulders and cried out, forcing herself not to reach up and grab at his hand. I fucked up. I should have answered. Merlin dammit.

"I asked you a question," he growled.

"Y-Yes, Master," she spluttered, her eyes fearfully glancing up at the wizards watching her. She wished she hadn't. The hunger in Demetri's eyes had intensified; Gareth was rubbing his hands together in an unsettling manner; Enicto watched her over the rim of his wine glass with a glint in his eyes. Hermione's eyes fell. Orchid was still trembling and catatonic. The other two girls had their heads down and were very still save for the twitching of one girl's pinkie finger.

Malfoy loosened his hold, but did not drop his hand from her tender neck.

"Will Lord Greyback be arriving soon?" Malfoy then asked, and Hermione wondered if it was him trying to cut things short before they got worse, or if she was just trying to believe the best of him. "I'm quite starved."

"Soon, I'm sure," Gareth said dismissively, and then Hermione heard him gulp. "Now, you say she does whatever you say?"

Hermione's heart sank. This didn't sound like it was headed in the right direction.

"Absolutely anything," Malfoy said coolly.

"So if you asked her to get down on her knees right now and wrap those pretty Mudblood lips around your cock, would she do it?" He panted quietly, but loudly enough for Hermione to hear it.

Hermione's brow furrowed and alarm bloomed in her chest amongst a bed of disgust. Gareth Greengrass was Daphne's father. Hermione was the same age as his daughter. The thought of him, of any of them for that matter, watching her do something like that . . . It was too much.

Hermione wished she'd told Malfoy her limits. This was one of them, and it would sound bizarre for her to suddenly thank him out of nowhere for nothing. Her heart beat so loudly she could hear it in her ears. He wouldn't do it. He wouldn't dare. She'd never forgive him. Never. Her palms began to sweat and as the terror increased, she was unable to stifle the whimper that cried from the depths of her throat.

"She would," Malfoy said in a casual tone.

Nononohewouldn'thewouldn't. Hermione was losing it. She knew what they'd discussed, knew that he'd promised no harm would come to her. But here, now, hearing that and being in this situation where Malfoy had to play a part she didn't understand, it was difficult to discern reality from nightmare. What Malfoy had done that afternoon, when he'd showed her his darker side simply because she'd asked, what if that had been a warning?

"P-Please, Ma-Master," she stammered, wringing her hands in front of her. She was careful to keep her eyes down. She knew she hadn't been asked a question, but he needed to know it was a limit.

Malfoy waited a moment, and she felt him start to tighten his hold on her neck. Her breathing hitched and the tears filled her eyes. Was he going to . . . ? Would it be right there, while he stood? Would he sit on the loveseat she picked out?

"See?" Malfoy finally said. "Her fear alone is enough to control her. At the mere suggestion, she's shaking in her knickers."

Relief flooded her body and she tried not to outwardly show it.

"I rather like that her skin remains unmarred," Enicto said. "Dirty blood shows up so much better against a clean canvas, don't you think, gentlemen?"

"My Mudblood bruises easily," Gareth said, gesturing to one of the girls on the floor, the one with the glittering negligee. "I find myself growing tired of her. Perhaps I will let Lord Greyback have her this evening, as an offering."

Have her? Hermione bit back a noise of terror. She remembered the things Greyback had promised her the night he and Bellatrix had terrorized her. She knew what Greyback was capable of. She didn't want anyone being given to Greyback. She bit her lower lip. How could she help this girl? Was there any way, anything she could do?

"But perhaps not," Gareth went on. "May we have a demonstration of her subservience?"

"Yes, a demonstration," Enicto said, and his wine glass lifted again. "I would like to see it firsthand. Orchid, I'd like you to watch, too. Perhaps you could learn something about true obedience."

True obedience, Hermione thought, breathing heavily. Her pulse pounded, and it was a wonder the entire room couldn't smell her anxiety.

Demtri's hand went to the remaining girl's hair and dragged her head up. Her eyes met Hermione's, and then quickly looked away. Hermione felt despair. There was nothing there. No life and no hope.

"Watch purely for the sake of enjoyment," Demetri ordered her. "But be wary. If she makes a mistake, I'll simply punish you."

Oh, Merlin. Oh, Merlin. Hermione began to panic again. She had to do whatever Malfoy said now. No matter what. Whoever that Muggle-born girl was, she didn't deserve to have that disgusting pig smelling of rot tormenting her because Hermione was too much of a coward. Whatever Malfoy asked her to do, she would do it, without hesitation. When it was her and her alone, Hermione had limits. When it involved the safety of someone else, an innocent person, she would not let them get hurt.

"Very well," Malfoy said, and then she saw him turn to face her. "Knees, Mudblood."

Hermione dropped to the floor so fast that her hair flew up off of her shoulders. She placed her hands on the floor between her kneecaps.

"Look at me." Malfoy's voice was chillingly cold, and devoid of any warmth or care whatsoever. Hermione built up her walls, hiding her fear behind it, and called up the lioness with her.

She refused to let anyone other than herself get hurt.

Malfoy held his hand out to her and curled his fingers inward, leaving his fore and middle fingers outstretched. Her eyes darted upward and she saw his face was just as cold as though she really were his slave.

"Suck."

Hermione felt her stomach twist with a mixture of nausea and mortification, and she leaned forward. She kept her eyes lowered as she placed her mouth on his fingers. She closed her lips and did as he asked, unable to keep the blush out of her cheeks. She felt the room waiting in tense silence and when her eyes lifted to Malfoy's again, there was a strange, familiar glint in his eyes.

She felt a bit angry. He had no right to derive any pleasure from this.

Her tongue wrapped around his fingers once more and she finally drew her head back, panting slightly. He wiped his hand on his trousers, as if he were disgusted by her saliva. She caught a flash of guilt in his gaze and then the mask was back.

Hermione looked up at him through her lashes, seeing the familiar sneer of Fifth Year Malfoy and the dead eyes of Malfoy at the Manor the day she'd been was good. If his eyes were dead, that meant there was something alive there in the first place. He was there, somewhere.

"I treat you well, don't I, pet?" he spat out, and she heard the pompousness of Second Year Malfoy.

"Yes, Master," she said, not taking her eyes off of him. She could hear the labored, terrified breathing of Demetri's captive.

"I reward you when you're good, yes?" The cheekiness of Fourth Year Malfoy. Malfoy slipped the hand not holding his wine glass into the pocket of his black trousers.

"Yes, always, Master," Hermione said. Her eyes darted to the side for a moment, and she saw the girl looking directly at her. Her eyes were pleading. Hermione knew she had to stay strong.

What was Malfoy leading up to?

He took a step toward her, and she lifted her chin higher to keep their eyes locked on one another. He tilted his head to the side, regarding her curiously, and she wondered: was he trying to scare her with anticipation? Or was he thinking of a way to make this easier on her?

"Touch yourself," he finally said, and then he sipped his wine.

Hermione went rigid, her hands curling into the carpet. He couldn't be serious. She felt anger rising up, feeling stuck between a rock and a hard place. If she followed orders, she'd never be able to trust Malfoy again. If she broke them, the girl being held by Demetri was going to get hurt.

Is he doing this because he said no one would touch me? Does he think it's okay as long as it's me touching myself? With all these people watching? What is he thinking?

"Touch yourself, and I might let you cum." That voice belonged to none other than Eighth Year Malfoy. Her Malfoy. The Malfoy that she'd been scared was possibly using her for his own personal gain. The Malfoy that he promised her he'd protect her tonight.

And it was her limit.

How dare he use that against me? How dare he? What is he playing at? Hermione's mind reeled. Why, of all the things he could have brought up, would he use the very thing they'd discussed that morning against her in such a way? Was he trying to push her buttons, to make it look real? Did he need genuine anger from her? Was he just in over his head? She had so many questions, and she was livid.

"Thank. You," she bit out through gritted teeth, her eyes blazing. "Master."

His eyes flashed, but otherwise, he said nothing. He merely watched her. The entire room seemed to be holding its breath as Hermione, still on her knees, lifted her hands. She moved them towards her chest, her cheeks flaring bright red, wondering why Malfoy would do this to her. Why she hadn't told him her limits. Why she'd been so stupid as to think he'd actually keep her safe.

"Stop," Malfoy suddenly said, soft and dangerous.

Relieved, Hermione let her hands fall back to her lap, but she kept her glare trained on Malfoy's face. This is too real. He went too far.

Hermione was glad he'd told her to stop, but she didn't trust him anymore. She lowered her gaze and turned her face away, seething. It would be one thing if it was a complete lie, but the fact that it was based in truth was what irked Hermione the most.

Prat, she thought, enraged. Bloody prat.

She don't know what she'd thought a Revel would be like. This was worse than what she'd expected, but less than what she'd feared, and she didn't know how to feel. What she did know was that Greyback hadn't even arrived, and she was already spent. She didn't know how much worse it was going to get.

Malfoy smirked at his house guests. "See? I can make her do anything I want. She responds to stimulants - rewards and punishments. It's really quite simple."

Gareth scoffed, but it was a mocking laugh. "You don't allow her to cum?"

"It sounds perfectly acceptable to me," Enicto huffed. "Mudbloods exist for our pleasure, not their own."

Hermione narrowed her eyes up at Malfoy. She wished she could snarl at him. Is that what I am to you? Just some animal to exist for your pleasure? What do you even get out of tormenting me? Her angry thoughts kept repeating. She wished he could use Legilimency still. She wanted him to know how much she loathed him right then.

He just stared back at her with those dead, blank eyes and sipped his bloody wine.

"I derive pleasure from pain," Demetri said, and the girl by his leg whimpered as he twisted her hair quite cruelly. "But your method has its benefits. Perhaps we shall see some more at dinner."

"Perhaps . . ." Gareth made a strange panting noise and took a step toward Hermione. "Perhaps you could share her tonight? I should like to see how she shakes when she finally comes apart . . ."

What? Hermione's head whipped to the right, to stare at him in alarm. Share?

Gareth leered towards Hermione, and she saw his hand reaching toward her out of her peripheral vision. Reflexively, her hand shot out and smacked his away, wandless yet nameless magic pouring out of her and slicing a wound into his cheek. She whirled around, landing on her bottom on the floor as she glowered up at him, baring her teeth like a cornered creature.

"Don't touch me!" Hermione snapped, a savage look in her eyes. She hadn't felt this angry in a long time. She didn't know if she'd ever felt this outraged. She didn't even care about the consequences, she'd just reacted. Because she was Hermione Granger, damn it, and she was the brightest witch of her age. And Merlin be damned, if she had her bloody wand . . .

"Bitch!" Gareth snarled, and then he glowered at Malfoy. "You allow this defiance from your slave? Against a house guest?!"

Hermione knew then that she'd made a mistake. There was no way he could get her out of this one, or lead the dark wizards into thinking she was actually being harmed.

She felt his hand wrapping around her throat and dragging her up onto her tip-toes. She automatically reached up to pry at his fingers, her eyes pleading with him to understand, her high heels scraping against the carpet. His eyes scanned her, blazing hot with intensity, and she knew. He had to do it. She'd fucked up, and he had to punish her.

"You stupid bint," he snarled, and she heard it in his voice. I have to do this now. I have to.

Hermione cried out as he tossed her down onto the ground so hard that she landed on her elbows with a reverberating pain, her hair flying out about her like a fan. What is he going to do? What can he do? Why did I mess up so poorly? Hermione tried to remain calm, lying there trembling with her face turned to the carpet as he advanced on her.

From where she lay, she could see Demetri gripping his slave's hair even tighter, and Hermione knew she'd failed not only Malfoy and herself, but she'd failed the Muggle-born girl.

"Unfortunate," Demetri said, and then he whipped out his wand and pointed it at the girl. "Crucio!"

Hermione's eyes widened in horror as the room filled with the sounds of agonized screaming. Demetri kept his hold on the girl's hair while she writhed and convulsed, his wand pointed directly at her the entire time.

Malfoy crouched down beside her, and Hermione cringed as he raised his hand with the back of it brandished at her like a club.

Please don't, she thought, breathing heavily while she waited for the blow to rain down. All Hermione could hear was the Muggle-born girl screaming and screaming, and it caused her own hands to shake with phantom pains from the times she'd been cursed.

"I should beat you," Malfoy hissed, his face pale with white-hot fury. Hermione couldn't tell if it was for show. She just knew it was her fault the Muggle-born was screaming.

But nothing came.

Malfoy stood up and whirled on Gareth, his wand aimed at the center of his chest and his half-drank wine still in hand. The man looked stunned and he held up his hands in defense.

"Never touch my things," Malfoy snarled, and Hermione felt the familiar pressure of his magic weighing down on her, almost enveloping her like a blanket. Death Eater mask or not, Malfoy's magic was speaking for him, telling her that he was still in there and he was going to protect her. "Never touch what is mine."

Hermione watched in shock as Gareth bowed his head. "Y-Yes, Draco. Malfoy. Sir Malfoy. Yes."

Gareth Greengrass was scared of an eighteen-year-old wizard.

Just who had Malfoy been during the war?

Then, without turning around, Malfoy snapped, "Get up off the floor, Mudblood. If you disrespect my guests again, I'll beat you until you can't walk."

Hermione, still shaking, lifted herself up onto her still-aching knees, and then she immediately lowered her eyes. She could still feel his magic wrapped around her, coming off of his body in waves and finally, finally she felt at least some semblance of safety.

But she knew she'd done a horrible thing, and had made a terrible mistake.

Demetri finally raised his wand from his slave, who had gone into shock. She lay crumpled at his feet, shivering and unconscious. He smirked.

"I do believe I'm having a fantastic time, Malfoy."

"Lord Greyback will be pleased," Enicto added. "Ah, here he is!"

The Floo flared to life, and Hermione didn't even need to lift her eyes from the floor to know who'd arrived.

The vicious snarling told her.

Hermione heard multiple clicking noises coming toward her from around the left side of the room. She felt her breath freeze in her chest and she couldn't stop herself: she looked up.

She screamed.

Fenrir Greyback, in his werewolf form, looked nothing like Remus had. Where Remus was thin and curled up, a pitiful, whimpering creature, Greyback had become something out of a nightmare. He was hunched over on all fours, and his claws were razor-sharp, scraping the stone as he slunk towards her. Completely covered in dark grey fur, his eyes were angry and the color of an afternoon sunset, blazing like fire. His torso was almost human, but blanketed with thick fur and smothered in corded muscles. The wolf's neck was thick, and his head was huge with a long snout teeming with deadly teeth, the sharp ears pointing straight up. He licked his chops, and Hermione realized that he looked unlike any werewolf she'd ever seen in any book in the Library.

Hermione fell onto her back as Greyback stood up on his hind feet, rearing up to his full seven-foot height. He let out a loud snarl and then his clawed, almost human hand, lashed out towards her. Hermione screamed again, throwing her hands up in front of her face, but it was no use. His hand, larger than her face, wrapped its way through her hair and dragged her up into the air. He didn't break the skin or even scratch her, but the pain on her scalp was excruciating.

She couldn't take this, this fear. It was her absolute limit. This was not a werewolf. This was a monster. Her eyes slid to the left, where Malfoy was staring with wide eyes. He looked alarmed, troubled, like he was on the verge of snapping.

"M-Malfoy, please," Hermione begged, her hands wrapped around two of Greyback's massive claws. She was terrified he was going to crush her head into a pulp.

Greyback's massive head turned to glare down at Malfoy, who quickly gathered his wits before he saw his loss of composure. Malfoy stared up at him, much like he had in Gareth's office. Greyback growled, but neither of them backed down. Hermione saw Malfoy's brow furrowing with concentration, holding Greyback's gaze for what felt like minutes.

What is going on? Is he trying to use Legilimency?

Malfoy staggered backward, grabbing onto the Grecian pillar display behind him, and Greyback gave another snarl. He turned his rage-filled eyes on Hermione, and then he let her go. Hermione fell to the ground in an unceremonious heap, looking up at Malfoy. His teeth were clenched, but his Death Eater mask was carefully in place.

"Mudblood," he hissed. "Here. Now."

Hermione scrambled over to him, cowering behind his leg. She didn't care if it was weak or if she was breaking character. Greyback was massive. She clutched the leg of Malfoy's trousers, her eyes wild and fixed on the wolf.

There was a woman standing behind Greyback, wearing an extravagant set of emerald green dress robes with an onyx-and-silver broach at the center. Her hair, black as charcoal, was piled atop her head, and her lips were red like blood. She took a few steps to the left and offered Malfoy a sweet smile.

"Hello, Draco," she purred. "You just get more and more handsome, don't you?"

"Hello, Cecilia." Malfoy's voice sounded strained.

Cecilia Yaxley, Hermione thought, and some of her fear melted away. Because this was why she was here, doing this. To get information. To learn as much as possible.

Cecilia withdrew a vial from her bag and tossed it up into the air. Greyback's jaws clamped down on the entire thing before it fell, and he chewed it up, glass and all. Hermione watched from behind Malfoy's leg as Greyback's fur began to shed, his flesh to melt. She felt her stomach flipping over with nausea as his entire snout simply fell off and landed on the floor with a loud squelching noise. Pieces of him continued to slough off, until finally, the Greyback that she'd seen in the Ministry that day stood there.

Cecilia Yaxley . . . Is Greyback's Healer, too?

Cecilia waved her wand and Greyback's skin was scourgified. Another flick, and he was clad in an impeccable blue suit, his cropped hair gelled flat.

If she'd thought Greyback was dangerous before, she'd been sorely mistaken. Not only had he turned back into a human on the night of a full moon from drinking a mere potion - likely Wolfsbane - but he was definitely not a normal werewolf. Lycanthropy was a disease. It weakened the host. Greyback looked stronger.

Hermione decided right then and there that she'd made the right decision. If she had to humiliate herself by crawling, endure Malfoy forcing her to do cruel things under the guise of being emotionless and hating her, and stare into the face of a monster, then it was worth it as long as she gained an understanding of her enemy that she'd never gained about Voldemort. If not for girls like the Muggle-born slave that were sitting at the feet of the dark wizards behind her, then for her friends who were currently at Hogwarts. She would do it for them.

"Interesting, Draco Malfoy," Greyback said as the last of his fur drifted to the ground. "She begs so beautifully. I am intrigued to see what beauty awaits us at dinner."

Malfoy's leg tensed beneath Hermione's hand.

Cecilia threw her head back and giggled. "I'm positively starved."



 

 

Invisible


Afraid by Anavae, Human by Anavae, Separate by PVRIS, and What's a Clock Without the Batteries? by Emarosa

Song that Hermione sings: River of Tears - Alessia Cara

Hermione POV

Malfoy made Hermione crawl to the Dining Hall, and she was glad for it.

Not only did it give her a moment to collect herself and prepare for the rest of the evening, but it provided her reprieve to be angry with Malfoy. Very angry. She was so angry, in fact, that she felt her magic crackling at her fingertips. If it weren't for the fact that Malfoy told her not to use wandless magic so as to not compromise their plan, she would have sent a couple of those sparks right up his arse.

She didn't understand exactly why she was so angry with him for bringing up real things about their intimacy. Yes, she knew he wasn't her boyfriend. He wasn't even her friend. She was just unnaturally obsessed with helping him through his transition in any way possible, because she cared too much for magical creatures. But even though she knew those things, Malfoy seemed to absolutely have complete control of himself in every situation they'd been in, even when he was acting out of control. Meanwhile, all it took for Hermione to fall apart was his fingers digging into her hips.

She supposed it had something to do with her rigid, rule-abiding lifestyle. She'd spent her years doing exactly what she was supposed to, whenever she was supposed to do it, and it had rewarded her with excellent marks and an open future with multiple paths she had the choice of taking.

And perhaps that was why she was angry with Malfoy. Because when he'd told the Death Eaters that he used a system of rewards and punishments to make her do what he wanted, even though she'd known it was part of the act, she felt like it was true. When she looked back on all the heated moments they'd shared, she'd grown more and more wanton, more easily controlled. Which meant that, theoretically if Malfoy's words to the Death Eaters were based in truth, Malfoy was able to make her do what he wanted her to do by merely promising her a reward, letting her taste it, and then threatening to take it away if she didn't obey.

Maybe that was why when he asked her to call him sir, she did it without hesitation. That was why her heart clenched when he told her she was good. And maybe that was why it was so easy to call him Master.

Like a familiar, Hermione though with distaste. I'm disgusting.

Hermione, as her knees ached against carpet over stone, knew she needed to be logical. Malfoy was playing a role. A role he'd made very clear before they went through with this barmy plan, and he'd given her ample opportunity to change her mind and go back to Hogwarts. So she had no one to blame but herself for saying, "Yes, Malfoy, I'll play your pet for the night."

The thought of everyone at Hogwarts seeing her like this was humiliating, and she was almost glad Malfoy locked Blaise in his room. It was degrading, in the worst sense of the word, and she wouldn't even be able to complete her Eighth Year if any of them knew. After everything she'd done, the war and the Horcruxes and just everything, her on the ground, crawling along the floor of the Malfoy Manor, was nightmarish.

So why did she feel like it was so easy for her to do?

She was playing her role too well, she knew. She'd only had one outburst of defiance, and it hadn't been against Malfoy. It had been against Gareth. Why was it so easy for her to obey Malfoy without hesitation? He was Malfoy. She wondered if something was wrong with her, or if she really was just that lonely.

The Death Eaters forced all of the Muggle-borns to crawl, actually, and Hermione felt awful for thinking so deeply about how things were going to be after the Revel when the other three girls didn't get the luxury of an after. They didn't get the freedom of being angry about anything. Two of the girls were so broken down that they were dead in the eyes; Orchid was crying inconsolably, moaning in agony as Enicto forced her to crawl on her broken fingers.

Hermione wanted to help them. As best she could, she had to. If she couldn't help them tonight, then she'd go to the Ministry. The entire Ministry of Magic couldn't be compromised by Greyback, could it? There had to be someone in the Auror department that she could trust, who could help her free these girls, and whoever else was tucked away in Pureblood estates.

The Death Eaters and their slaves entered the Dining Hall ahead of Malfoy, who snapped his fingers and gestured for her to stand.

Hermione did, noticing that they had barely a second of time alone, hidden in the hallway. He turned his head to look at her, and saw that his eyes were his again. Warm and deep. He said nothing, just looked at her and she felt her resolve strengthen just a bit. He was still himself, inside, and that was enough for her. Even through the events in the Drawing Room, he'd been in there, hiding behind the mask.

I can do this, she thought, smoothing her dress and hair out. We can do this.

Malfoy walked in ahead of her, and Hermione saw that the room looked gorgeous. It almost looked like a galaxy's garden, with the magical falling stars, lights, and dark flowers twisting up the walls and pillars. The table, which had been charmed to have just enough seats for the Death Eaters, was heaped high with food of all kinds, and House Elves were waiting alongside the walls with stoic expressions. Hermione briefly thought of Tinky, of her fear, and was glad that Malfoy had thought to protect her, too.

Greyback took a seat at one end of the table, with Cecilia Yaxley to his left and Gareth Greengrass to his right. Demetri sat beside Cecilia and Enicto by Gareth, and then Malfoy sat down at the other end of the table. Hermione watched as the three Muggle-borns each knelt down beside their masters' seats, but she didn't kneel. Her knees hurt something awful, and she decided it would feel and look better to kneel when asked.

Hermione stood beside his chair, trying to appear like this was a normal thing for them to do, her standing while he ate dinner. She thought of the Muggle movie with the people and aliens in space, and the slave girl with the chain around her neck. She tried to channel that, hoping she didn't look fake.

She hesitantly placed her arm on the top of the back of the chair, leaning her body in what she hoped was a sultry way. She relaxed her hip, allowing her leg to peek out from one of the slits in her sequined dress, and placed her other hand behind her back. Then, she leaned her head against the arm that was on the chair.

Merlin, I probably look ridiculous, she thought with a mental groan, her eyes focused on the floor beside Malfoy's chair. He sat relaxed in his seat, not eating, his chin propped in his hand and his other hand drumming an absentminded tune on the other arm of the chair. He appeared, for all to see, bored.

She was still angry with Malfoy, but damn if she didn't feel comforted by the scent of his cologne. It was like grasping onto a buoy in the sea.

Hermione tried her best not to look at Greyback, her mind still reeling at seeing him in his wolf form. She was almost certain that something was different or wrong about him. Werewolves were not supposed to be that large, she was sure of it. And Wolfsbane Potion was a preventative potion, not a curing potion. As far as she knew, werewolves changed on one night of the full moon cycle and they did not change back until the sun came out. How had Greyback been able to procure or brew a potion that could enable him to change back into his human form in the beginning of the night of the full moon?

"Do you typically allow your slave to eat at the table?" Greyback asked curiously. He also did not have a plate in front of him.

"Typically, I eat her out on the table," Malfoy answered, liquid smooth. His words made Hermione blush furiously. They'd never even kissed, and here he was, acting out his role well enough to say those things and make her think it might actually be true.

"Ah," Gareth said, an intrigued tone to his voice as he piled his plate with food. "And is that part of your . . . Dynamic?"

"Dynamic?" Greyback looked even more curious, and his lips curled up into a bit of a smirk.

"Yes, it's quite unique," Enicto said around a mouthful of food. He dropped a couple of peas to the floor, and Orchid picked them up with the trembling fingers of her good hand. "He practices orgasm denial as a form of torture and control."

"Is that so?" Cecilia spoke up, and Hermione watched with revulsion as she curled her tongue around a forkful of pasta and slurped it off of her fork. "Sometimes the sweetest tortures are the best kind, wouldn't you say, Draco?"

"Indeed I would," Malfoy said and, keeping his chin on his palm, held his other hand out to the side. "Wine, please."

A House Elf darted forward with a glass, which he took with a murmur of thanks.

"You are an interesting individual, Draco Malfoy," Gareth said. "You're almost kind to those who are less than you."

There was a bit of silence, during which Hermione felt panicked. She hurriedly lowered her eyes again, before she got caught staring and added to Malfoy's need to prove their act. Her eyes slid to the left a bit, and she saw Malfoy bounce his leg a couple of times.

"How do you mean?" Malfoy asked.

"We had expected to see a frail, broken slip of a thing," Gareth explained. "But instead, she looks just as lively as any other girl."

Malfoy stared at him, and said nothing, but Hermione could feel his magic swirling upwards towards her. Hermione wondered what he could be thinking, if he was scrambling to figure things out, or if he was angry at Gareth. She knew that she was scrambling, that was for sure. She wished they'd glamoured her to look a little less healthy, but she was glad her dress was not see-through like the other girls' dresses were. Maybe they'd think her bruises were hidden beneath the sequined fabric?

"Are you telling me that in my house, I am required to treat my property a certain way?" Malfoy's voice was chilling, a deadly wisp of poisonous smoke that drew everyone's eyes to him, even Hermione's.

"I simply mean to say that it's different from what your father would have done," Gareth went on, gnawing at a hunk of bread. "Mudbloods exist for our pleasure, yes, but they also exist to tempt us. We should not give in to that temptation simply because we enjoy their bodies."

Hermione stifled a yelp as Malfoy suddenly slid an arm around her waist and brought her forward a tad. His hand slipped into the left slit of her dress and wrapped firmly around the inside of her upper thigh, millimeters from her core. She sucked in her breath, staring so hard at the floor that her vision crossed.

What is he doing? He promised no one would touch me. What is happening? She thought frantically as her left hand shot down and tried to push his hand away. It was like iron, strong and firm, and there was nothing she could do except rise up on her tip-toes as if it could get her further from him.

"So you're telling me, that this . . . Isn't rewarding for you?" Malfoy asked, and his hand began to massage her thigh. Hermione gasped, still trying to push his hand away with both of hers. She wanted to tell him to stop, but she knew it would only break her role and force him to have to punish her in some way. Did he not realize how close his hand was to her womanhood? Was he doing this on purpose? Was Hermione just being naive? So many questions went through her mind, but she tried not to overreact. It had to be a demonstration. Just a demonstration.

"Giving pleasure to Pureblood witches, yes," Gareth said. "Mudblood pleasure is abhorrent."

"Is it?" Malfoy's voice was light, airy. Testy. His hand slipped up higher, surprising Hermione as it brushed against the center of her knickers and stilled. She cried out in a mixture of surprise, guilt, and pleasure, and watched as all the eyes in the room turned to look at her, including the House Elves and the girls who knelt on the floor. Hermione froze, feeling his hand keeping her in place, and whimpered.

Justademonstrationjustademonstration, Hermione thought in a rush, jumbled onslaught of panic as she tried to rationalize her body's reaction. It was just a touch. Nothing more. Just a touch.

But as she stood there, her mind began to whirl and her heart's disquiet increased. She found herself growing dizzy from holding her breath, and her dread was evident in the way she tried again to push his wrist down, away from her.

She couldn't help it. She broke character.

"Please," she whimpered, fingernails digging into his wrist. "Don't."

The men were all looking at her. It was too much.

Malfoy chuckled and his hand slipped out of her dress, returning to his wine glass. As though what he'd just done was nothing. As though the demonstration he'd just made wasn't traumatizing for her. Tears stung her eyes as she fixed an unwavering gaze on the stone floor.

It didn't feel like he was trying to protect her.

"Because I'd wager that there's more to gain from the stolen pleasure of filth that belongs to you," Malfoy said, "than from inflicting pain for the sake of seeing blood I already know is brown."

It was a bit disturbing how good of an actor Malfoy was. But even more disturbing? Her knickers were soaked, and she hated herself for it.

Gareth cleared his throat, his face flushed as though he were warm. "Hm. I see what you . . . What you mean."

"Perhaps it is not the act, but the slave herself," Greyback posed, folding his hands on the table before him. He was huge, and dwarfed the chair he sat in. "Perhaps you derive satisfaction from the ownership and full domination of your childhood classmate. Is that it?"

Hermione cringed. It was hard not to see parallels in what he was saying with the false life they were presenting, and the real life they had at Hogwarts. It was hard not to wonder if that's all their something was for him. Was he still upholding Voldemort's ideals, even after she'd stepped up and helped his father avoid an early death sentence? She didn't want to believe it, but . . .

Malfoy sipped his wine and then looked at Greyback. "I derive satisfaction from doing whatever I please with what's mine in the privacy of my own home."

Hermione trembled at the mine, wondering why he said that so comfortably, and then, unable to take the pressure of being on display in such a way any longer, she fell to her knees beside Malfoy's chair. The moment she was hidden by the table, she exhaled shallowly and scrubbed her face with her hands.

"And now you let her kneel as she pleases?" Enicto said. "You are an interesting man, Malfoy."

"She kneels because she enjoys pleasing me," Malfoy said, and Hermione's eyes darted up to look at Malfoy. His icy cold eyes were trained forward, likely on Enicto. "Often during mealtimes. Excuse her eagerness."

Sarcasm dripped from his tone, and Hermione felt even more relief flood through her body. Malfoy had bought her time to rest, to hide. She leaned her forehead against the arm of the wooden chair, and she felt his hand trail downward through her hair. A mixture of shame and content mingled amongst her nerves, and she felt herself growing angry with her own weaknesses. She didn't know what she was doing, to be frank.

The reason it was so easy for Malfoy to treat her like a dog is because she acted like one. It was her fault.

Malfoy tugged her hair and she saw his hand, beneath the table, point to the floor in front of his chair. She took a deep breath, knowing it was only because of what he'd just told them. She needed to look like she was pleasing him, something she'd literally only done one time for Ron when they were together. She shuffled on her knees until she was facing the chair and he spread his legs a bit. Tentatively, she turned her face and rested her head in his lap, staring at the far wall. It was warm and comforting, and strangely calming. Her fingers curled into the fabric of his trousers and he went back to moving his hand through her long waves.

Hermione relaxed.

"Cecilia, I'm quite surprised to see you," Malfoy spoke up, his head returning to relax in his palm. Hermione almost missed the feeling of his hand in her hair. "Last I heard, you'd gone to the Americas?"

"Yes," Cecilia said, her voice sounding somewhat muffled due to Hermione's position on the floor. "I had intentions of opening a Healing practice there. But with the unfortunate demise of the Dark Lord and the subsequent imprisoning of my brother, I was forced to return here and care for the estate."

"And do you practice Healing here in Britain?" Malfoy asked, sipping his wine. Hermione felt her ears perk up. She recalled what they'd learned from the registration forms. They knew Cecilia Yaxley was the Healer for every magical creature who classified as Other on record with the Ministry. They just needed confirmation.

"I do indeed," Cecilia replied. "Why, do you want me to . . . Look you over?"

"That won't be necessary," Malfoy said with a Pureblood smile. "My Mudblood serves that purpose for me quite nicely. She's proficient in Healing magic, you see."

"Oh, I see," Cecilia said with a sneer in her tone. "She's proficient in many different types of magic. The magic that helped her and the Boy-Who-Lived's disgusting vendetta towards the murder of our Dark Lord. She -"

"Ceci, soothe yourself," Greyback said, his voice a gentle coo.

Cecilia huffed. "I merely aim to make it clear that she belongs exactly where she is - kneeling on the floor, at the mercy of a Pureblood's cock. More the better that it's a Malfoy. Lucius was such a loyal, powerful wizard."

"Until the end," Demetri said. Hermione couldn't hear him eating anything either, and she wondered at that. "Now, he sings a different tune."

Hermione felt Malfoy twisting and untwisting his finger in her hair, and she realized that he was upset. He was excellent at keeping his Death Eater persona upheld, but one mention of his father, and he couldn't hold that one little movement back. Hermione, now that she thought about it, didn't exactly know how Malfoy truly felt about his father. She supposed things were complicated, what with the way things had gone after the war. But one thing she knew for certain was that Draco was not like his father.

Slowly, tentatively, she placed a hand atop Malfoy's knee and squeezed. She didn't know if it was to let him know that he was still playing a role, or to let him know that she was there. She just knew she wanted to do it.

He didn't react, but his hand stopped moving. That was enough for Hermione.

"Draco, I must say that I'm surprised, too," Cecilia suddenly said. "To stay on the topic of the Mudblood, I'm surprised that you were able to . . . How is it that you procured her?"

Hermione bit her lip and looked up at Malfoy again. They hadn't discussed that part, nor created a story for that. Hermione wasn't sure it had even crossed her mind, as the fact that she was even going to be playing this role that night was a little preoccupying.

"I had wondered that myself," Enicto said. With a quick glance over her shoulder, Hermione saw some more peas hitting the floor, and she averted her eyes out of pity as Orchid scrambled for them with her unhurt hand.

"As have I," Demetri added.

Malfoy shifted in his seat, gesturing with his hands while he spoke in a nonchalant tone. "I'm sure the story would bore. As I told Lord Greyback this morning, everyone has their price."

"So you simply . . . Asked her?" Enicto asked, sounding surprised and perplexed.

Hair twist. "In as many words."

Hermione bit her lip and wracked her brain. How could she help him get out of this? Because that was absurd - Malfoy would never be able to simply walk up to a woman and purchase her like that, let alone a witch that was considered a war hero by the wizarding public.

Greyback scoffed. "You mean to tell us that Hermione Granger, the witch who preferred torture to spilling secrets, agreed to become your Mudblood slave of her own accord?"

Of course not, that. Is. Absurd. Hermione could almost laugh from how daft these dark wizards were. The fact that they were even implying it was proof of their lack of intelligence. Sure, it seemed like Greyback was cunning, but he certainly didn't seem intelligent if he thought Hermione could be bought and sold like a cow.

"She . . . Did," Malfoy said, and though his facial expression remained the same, Hermione knew he had to be screaming internally. If Malfoy even screamed. She'd seen him duel and battle, but she'd never heard him do much more than snarl vehement words.

"How?" Gareth spluttered. "Where were you when this conversation took place? Was this . . . When was this?"

This was going to be a disaster. They'd barely found anything out about Greyback yet, and already, it was unraveling.

Hermione threw caution to the wind and lifted herself up onto her knees. Her head rose up above the top of the table where she knew they could all see the back of it.

"Master," she said, loudly enough so everyone's attention was drawn to her. She tried to make her voice sound as submissive as possible, and then she said the first thing that came to mind. "I want you."

Malfoy stared down at her, looking bewildered. She could see his mind working, trying to get on her parchment, and Hermione widened her eyes pointedly.

"Right now," she said, blushing at the words that were coming out of her mouth. "I want you right now."

Malfoy's eyes scanned her face, and she could see them flash. His mask was slipping.

Cecilia gasped. "Oh! Oh, my . . . Merlin."

"Do share with the table, Ceci," Greyback said with a sigh. "Your epiphany has shattered all of our eardrums."

"She's your sex slave, isn't she?" Cecilia asked, and then she laughed merrily. "Oh, how positively delicious."

There was a bit of consternation from Gareth, Demetri, and Enicto, a jumble of indiscernible cries of shock, and then Malfoy was gazing down at Hermione. She couldn't read his face, but when he slipped his fingers through the hair at the back of her head and pulled her up a bit higher, she supposed he'd finally understood what she was trying to do. He played along.

"I'm afraid you've discovered my secret," he said, turning his face to smirk at the table. "The Mudblood approached me and practically begged to become mine. It seems she's formed a penchant for being dominated by Pureblood wizards."

Greyback said, "Any Pureblood wizard? Or just you?"

"Well, she's mine, isn't she?" Malfoy said, and he gripped Hermione's hair tighter. "Isn't that right, pet?"

Hermione's stomach twisted, feeling a bit nauseous at the insinuation because it wasn't entirely untrue. And because even though his eyes were completely lifeless, she still felt like it was him asking the question.

So when she wet her lips and breathed out, "Yes, sir," the sir was intentional.

Malfoy's eyes narrowed a bit, glinting, and then he let her go. Embarrassed but also relieved, Hermione sunk back to the floor where none of the guests could see her and stared at the floor.

"Well, are you going to make her wait?" Cecilia asked, sounding indignant.

"Of course," Malfoy said flippantly. "Are you suggesting I stop what I'm doing whenever my Mudblood pleases, for her sake? Absolutely not."

Celia scoffed. "But -"

"I tire of this droll conversation," Greyback said, cutting Cecilia off. "Mudbloods disgust me. What you do with your property in your home is up to you, Draco. Enicto, show me something delightful. This is supposed to be a Revel."

"Very well, milord," Enicto said. "I shall merely get a new one."

Hermione, from beneath the table, didn't have time to mull over what she'd learned about herself from basically confirming to Malfoy that she wasn't exactly not enjoying some aspects of the role she was playing. She watched as Orchid was suddenly dragged kicking and screaming up from the floor by a spell, disappearing to the tabletop. Food and dishes crashed and clattered to the floor.

That was when the screaming began.

Orchid's screaming was high and whining, full of anguish. Hermione didn't know what they were doing to her, but she heard a series of loud thumping noises accompanying the screams. And as they grew in intensity and turned into choked, gasping sobs, Hermione slowly began to realize that even though she'd fought in a war and won, Malfoy had been right that morning. When he'd said the real war was fought by women, he was right.

She would never be prepared.

Blood began to drip from the edges of the table, and above the sounds of the screaming, she heard Demetri and Gareth clapping and cheering, and Cecilia laughing almost hysterically. Greyback, Malfoy, and Enicto were silent, and Hermione felt like it was so eerie to look up and see Malfoy's deadpan expression as he watched whatever atrocities were taking place against Orchid.

This was torture.

Hermione whimpered against her hand, struggling to keep herself from crying. She jolted when Malfoy's hand slowly crept downward, carding through her wavy hair and around the edge of her jaw. Stay calm. He was saying with his touch. Stay calm.

And then the screaming stopped.

Hermione turned her face away from the steadily-growing pool of blood, tearing it away from Malfoy's fingers, and squeezed her eyes shut. What had they done to Orchid? Why? What was the purpose? Her mind continued to careen around the edges of sanity, threatening to send her soaring into hysteria. She wanted to leave. She didn't want to be here anymore.

"Mudbloods always scream so loudly," Greyback grumbled. "Couldn't you have used a silencing spell?"

"Oh, tut, darling," Cecilia said. "You're hardly 35. You act as though your hearing is going."

"I did like that slave, Demetri," Enicto said, sounding sad. "But what the Lord asks, he shall receive, hm?"

"Of course," Demetri purred.

"I don't fancy the lulls in activity," Greyback suddenly said, snapping his fingers. "Malfoy, has your slave any talents?"

Malfoy paused for a moment, and Hermione knew he was trying to think of something. "She sings, I suppose."

Hermione wiped tears from her eyes quickly. The last thing she wanted to do was to showcase her secret hobby in a room full of Death Eaters, a sadistic werewolf, and Malfoy. She'd always loved to sing, but she wasn't exactly a 'sing outside of the shower' girl. She'd learned piano during her years before Hogwarts and practiced at home on the Summers, but Hogwarts wasn't exactly music-oriented. She'd never once sung in front of another person.

"Mudblood. On your feet," Greyback said.

Hermione froze and stared up at Malfoy with widened eyes. He merely nodded to her, giving her that same cold look, and she slowly stood.

"Come," Greyback said.

Hermione looked to Malfoy again, who simply nodded, and then she knew there was no way out of it. Slowly, she turned, her eyes twitching at the sight of Orchid's nearly-unrecognizable body lying sprawled out on the table. Blood was everywhere, her flesh marred with lacerations from some dark curse, and her eyes were unblinking. Hermione hurriedly lowered her gaze again, her entire body trembling as she came to a stop beside Greyback's chair.

"What can you sing?" he asked.

"M-Muggle songs," Hermione answered, the distress causing her to stutter. In her mind, she saw the wolf's sharp teeth and sunset-colored eyes.

Greyback narrowed his eyes at her. "Naturally. Sing."

Hermione blanched. "R-Right . . . Here?"

"Yes. Sing."

Hermione looked back across the carnage at the table, to Malfoy, who looked blankly back at her. She definitely did not want to sing. She didn't want to sing without background music. She didn't want to sing in front of this room.

But when she glanced behind her at Orchid's dead body lying on the table, she feared that if she didn't, the same would happen to her. She wanted to believe Malfoy would stop any violence from being taken out on her, but she wasn't sure. What if it was all an act? She was putting so much blind faith in him that it was difficult not to worry what would happen if he simply changed his mind.

"I need . . . An instrument?" Hermione said meekly.

Malfoy quickly gestured to a House Elf. "Please bring the Drawing Room piano here."

The elf snapped his fingers and the piano appeared in the corner of the Dining Hall, a little ways away from the table. Slowly, with jerky steps, Hermione went to it and sat down. She sifted through her knowledge of songs she liked on the Internet and radio back home, attempting to muster up the courage to begin.

"Now, Mudblood!" Greyback suddenly roared, startling Hermione into letting out a shriek.

Hermione began to play the piano with shaking hands, taking deep breaths and trying to remain as calm as possible. She played the wrong key, and then hit an incorrect note, terror clouding her mind when she did so. Finally, she was able to get it right. She sang quietly at first, but when Greyback growled his disagreement, she projected it louder.

She felt so embarrassed. This wasn't something she'd ever thought she'd be doing in front of anyone. She loved it, but having to do it like this, with Orchid's blood still wet on the floor? It was horrifying. And as the song went on, Hermione realized with sudden, aching despair that the only people who'd ever heard her sing was her parents, through her bedroom door.

Her parents . . . Hermione felt all at once selfish and sad. She'd started out the year with plans to help her mother and father, but she'd gotten so swept up in her own life and everything that had happened that she set it all aside to deal with Malfoy. She barely focused in her classes beyond the bare minimum needed to get good marks. She wasn't herself this year, and her parents were going to suffer for it. She should've been spending her evenings in the Library researching memory magic and memory restoration, not researching Veelas and sneaking off to alcoves with Draco Malfoy. She knew it wasn't his fault, what was happening to him, but it was hard not to stop and think about her own life.

She wondered if she'd ever be able to help them, if she'd ever see them again.

Ironic that the song I choose is River of Tears, Hermione thought as her throat ached and eyes stung. And ironic that the only song I can think of to sing is about love. If she couldn't even prioritize her parents, how was she capable of love? "Love brings you flowers and then it builds you coffins," the song said. It felt like she'd never had so much as a bloom; the coffin was the only part she felt she deserved.

She hit the highest note in the song perfectly.

She wept silently after the song was over, folding her hands in her lap and staring down at the piano. She hoped Greyback didn't ask for another one. She didn't think she could do another one.

"Mudblood," Malfoy barked. "Return to me."

Hermione jumped to her feet instantly, ducking her head down to hide her tears as she click-clacked her way back to Malfoy's side. She chanced a glance up at him as she neared, wondering whether or not he thought it was awful. It was embarrassing enough having to sing in the same room as the dead body of someone just like her. She didn't need the added shame of Malfoy thinking she sounded like a dying crow.

His eyes were on fire. Like twin silver flames, they burned through the persona he was trying to put on, and Hermione nearly stopped. She realized, then, that Malfoy was no stronger this year than he was in his Sixth Year. No matter how hard he was trying, even if none of these wizards knew he was acting, Hermione knew who he was. Malfoy wasn't a Death Eater. He wasn't evil or on the side of the darkness. He never had been.

She'd chosen this person to focus on instead of her parents this year, and she hoped she was right about him. Because if she was right, if he really had changed and everything they'd been through together wasn't just him using her, then she might feel a little less selfish.

Or maybe a little more.

Hermione's heart jumped as she came to stand beside him. He looked up at her, and just as quickly as the fire rose, it died out. The cold mask was back.

"Sit, Mudblood," he said quietly, and then he looked back at the table.

Hermione knelt down.

"Ah, what a shame," Gareth said, and Hermione shuddered as she heard the tone in his greasy voice. "Her voice is just as exquisite as the rest of her."

"I don't know about you," Demetri said, "but I don't prefer to hear Muggle music when I'm trying to enjoy my dinner."

"But you haven't eaten a bite," Enicto complained.

"Oh, but I've eaten plenty," Demetri replied. "Your Mudblood Orchid is delicious."

Hermione closed her eyes. She'd known from his crimson eyes that he was some sort of magical creature, but hearing the confirmation bothered her. But it didn't bother her as much as knowing he was consuming poor Orchid in some sense, right above her on the table.

"Lord Greyback, I noticed you consumed a certain . . . Potion this evening." Malfoy suddenly said, pausing to sip his wine. Hermione perked up; perhaps the information would start spilling soon. "What was it?"

"Oh, I can answer that!" Cecilia chirped rather brightly. "Lovely Enicto and I have perfected a Wolfsbane-based potion that enables my darling Fenrir to have a much easier time on the full moon."

Malfoy's finger tapped the neck of his wine glass. "And Enicto, is this potion easy to brew?"

"Fairly, with the right equipment," Enicto said. "It took us a while to nail down the formula, but once we did, it became clear how useful this potion could be. It enables Lord Greyback and others like him to be able to exist in either form - wolf or wizard - without losing his mental capacity to understand conscious thought."

Hermione looked down, lost in thought. So Greyback had a potion that was specifically designed to help control his transformation. Did it work only on the full moon? Was it reversible? Did it affect him during the rest of the month? How many wizards and creatures had access to this potion? And why had Enicto used the word 'equipment'? It sounded so strangely Muggle. She wished she could ask Malfoy to ask all of the questions she had, but since she couldn't, she just kept her head pointed downward, ears open, listening.

Underneath the table, she could see the other two Muggle-borns in the same kneeling position, their eyes staring blankly into the air in front of them, simply breathing. Hermione still didn't know how she could help them, but she was going to figure it out. She just had to.

"So, Lord Greyback, you mean to say that if you wanted to, you could transform right here and now?" Malfoy asked.

"I could."

"With no risk of faculty loss?"

"None whatsoever."

"So earlier in the Drawing Room . . . ?"

"I was mentally present. I knew exactly what I was doing with your Mudblood."

Malfoy's brow furrowed slightly. "Does it affect the size of your wolf? You're rather large for a werewolf."

There was a long pause. Hermione glanced up and saw that Malfoy's icy gaze was transfixed down the table. It was true. Greyback was way too large to be a werewolf. But he'd undoubtedly been one.

So what exactly was he?

"The potion does not affect the size of the consumer, no," Enicto replied when Greyback didn't speak. "It merely affects the flow of magic in the body. It makes it malleable, and then it makes it controllable."

"Then what does, Enicto?" Malfoy slowly set his wine glass down.

"Excuse me?"

Malfoy was unflinching. "What affects the size of a werewolf? Lord Greyback's wolf, specifically."

The silence was a bit uncomfortable, and Hermione would pay 1,000 galleons to see what was going on inside of their heads.

"The only thing that can affect the size of a werewolf is outside influence," Enicto said slowly. "And Lord Greyback has always appeared this size."

"He hasn't," Malfoy said. "If you recall, Lord Greyback stayed in my home for over the course of a year. I've seen him on the full moon before. He is decidedly changed from his prior appearance."

Hermione's heart raced. Malfoy was doing an excellent job of prodding, but that meant that he was walking a dangerous line.

"Werewolves grow, just like any other creature," Gareth said as he ate. Hermione felt sick to her stomach. How could he eat at a table with a dead body on top of it?

Malfoy paused and then Hermione saw his finger tapping against the arm of his chair. "Could this have anything to do with the Muggle laboratory you purchased this September?"

The silence that followed was so tense that Hermione felt like she couldn't breathe. Bold. He was being bold. Though she supposed that was what made him Malfoy. Where she was reckless, he was confident. Hermione operated without a linear set of directions, and Malfoy strode with purpose toward the end result. He certainly had no fear.

"You know, Malfoy," Greyback said, and under the table, Hermione saw him shift in his seat. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were seeking information."

"Merely curiosity," Malfoy replied, shrugging. "My father made it a point to understand everything about the wizards he conducted business with. If we're equal share partners in Malfoy Association & Trust, then I see no reason why I shouldn't ask questions of my partner."

"Agreed," Greyback said smoothly. Then, abruptly, he said, "I've noticed you haven't eaten."

Hermione frowned. That was an odd direction.

"You've noticed correctly," Malfoy said, his voice like silk. "Do you make it a point of knowing the appetites of your partners?"

"I do when their appetite matches mine," Greyback slung back just as easily. "Tell me, how do you prefer your meat? Rare? Or still breathing? Perhaps you prefer to consume the blood straight from the veins?"

Hermione felt her blood run cold and her head snapped up to watch Malfoy's reaction. What did Greyback mean by that? Hermione and Malfoy - and recently, Blaise - were the only ones who knew about Malfoy's need for the consumption of blood.

Unless . . .

She looked up at Malfoy again. It couldn't be possible. It didn't make any sense. It didn't fit with the blood consumption. It never had, and that's why she'd never even considered it. How could it be possible for Malfoy to have the traits of a Veela, but be recognized by a werewolf? Were all magical creatures able to detect one another? Was it in his scent?

What was going on?

"Well, which is it, boy?" Greyback growled. "Come, let's get to know one another. Which is it?"

Malfoy's face relaxed into his familiar smirk. "Perhaps I prefer both."

"Perhaps you do," Greyback said.

Malfoy sipped his wine.

Then, after a beat passed, Greyback spoke again.

"Ah, they've arrived."

"Who?" Gareth asked.

"Members of my pack."

The doors to the Dining Hall blasted open and a group of about five ragged-looking men came whooping and hollering into the room. Once they had, the air in the room seemed to change. It became more electrically charged, as though pure excitement had become introduced. Hermione heard Demetri, Cecilia, Enicto, and Gareth all making noises of joy, as though the party had just begun. She looked at the other Muggle-born girls, and they seemed to have come alive with terror as they all looked across the space at each other.

Draco produced his wand and waved it to charm the table bigger. From her spot under the table, Hermione saw them sinking into their seats, raucously exclaiming their glee over the 'food', and she scooted closer to Malfoy's chair. She didn't know what was going on, but she supposed she should have expected it from a werewolf. Werewolves weren't calm and collected like Greyback had been acting. They were loud and boisterous and very, very dangerous.

"Let's get to know one another, Draco," Greyback said, and his voice was different. A lot more . . . Playful. It didn't sound good.

"Very well," Malfoy replied, and he downed the rest of his wine. "What do you want to know?"

"No, no, no," Greyback said over the background noise of his pack members conversing with the Death Eaters. "I want to show you something first. You and your slave."

Hermione wasted no time in rising to her feet once Malfoy gestured to her, and she resumed the position she'd held earlier. She leaned fully against the chair, her stomach fluttering with nervousness and nausea.

The table was disgusting. Orchid, sprawled out atop plates and dishes full of blood-soaked foods, was the evening meal. The only part of her that remained intact and uneaten was her face, and even that was streaked with her blood. The werewolves, who were all not in their wolf forms, were alternating between drinking from flasks and ravenously gnawing at Orchid's limbs and torso. Cecilia was perched in Greyback's lap, her chin propped in her hands as she laughed like they were watching a comedy film. Enicto and Gareth were deep in conversation, lifting their wine glasses and guffawing. Demetri had the wrist of his slave held up to his lips, blood leaking from the seam of his mouth, all but confirming he was a vampire.

Though, Hermione wasn't so sure anymore. Her mind was spinning from the confusion about these creatures, about Malfoy, about Greyback's abilities, the potion . . . Were all of Greyback's pack on the potion? Was that why they were still human at 9:00 on a full moon night?

Hermione could tell that things were about to start happening, and she was sure they weren't going to be good.

"Bring me liquor!" Greyback roared.

A House Elf burst forth with what he'd asked for, and instead of accepting a glass, Greyback took the entire bottle.

"Malfoy, do you know what an alpha is?" Greyback asked, relaxing in his chair as if he owned the entire Manor.

"I can't say that I do," Malfoy replied, declining a fresh glass of wine with a quick wave of his hand.

"I'm not surprised," Greyback said. "Were the curriculum at Hogwarts accurately reflective of the ins and outs of werewolf pack dynamics, then you would." He suddenly pointed at one of his pack members. "You, remove your finger."

What?

The werewolf looked shocked and more than a little in disbelief. "What, milord?"

Greyback's smile was chilling. "Remove. Your finger."

They stared at each other for a long moment, during which Hermione watched them closely. Greyback's face remained calm, his gaze intense. The werewolf was pale, shaking and sweating, and the bloodstained piece of bread in his hand tumbled to the tabletop. Hermione felt something looked strangely familiar about this whole display . . .

And then the werewolf opened his jaws, sunk his teeth into the forefinger on his right hand, and tore it off.

Hermione gasped and fought the urge to stumble backward as blood gushed from the place where his finger used to be, the torn limb dropping from the werewolf's mouth and falling to the floor. How had Greyback done that? Was it Legilimency? Why wasn't the werewolf screaming?

"Tosh," Enicto said with a bored wave of his hand. "Lord Greyback, you've shown us this ability before."

"Yes, but now we have a new member."

"A new member?" Enicto asked, frowning.

"Of our pack."

Hermione's brows knit together and she looked down at Malfoy.

Could it really be true? Or was Greyback mistaken?

Malfoy leaned forward, laced his fingers together, and rested his elbows on the table. "And what if I don't want to be a part of your . . . Pack?"

Okay . . . What?

"I'd say that you don't have a choice," Greyback said. "Mr. Crabbe made sure of that."

Hermione held her breath.

Malfoy narrowed his eyes at Greyback but was silent.

"Oh, yes, Malfoy," Greyback said, and then he leaned forward before taking a large swig of his liquor. "Vincent is the one who turned you. And I . . . I'm the one who turned him. A little gift from me to his father. Eternal life, and all that."

Hermione nearly fell over. Turned him? She remembered Crabbe's registration form, and how it said Other. She recalled seeing Crabbe scratch Malfoy in the common room after their duel. So whatever Crabbe did, had changed Malfoy. If Crabbe was a werewolf, sired by Greyback, then did that mean Malfoy was a werewolf, too?

But that still didn't explain the blood drinking or the lust, nor why, if Malfoy was a werewolf, he hadn't changed yet that night. Everything was so confusing. She could barely organize her thoughts.

What in Merlin's name is going on?

"What do you think, Mudblood?"

Hermione had been staring at the floor, her mind racing as she went over every memory she had of the past two months to try and figure out how she'd not noticed Malfoy was a werewolf. When she felt eyes on her, she looked up and saw that all the Death Eaters and wolves were looking at her. Her blood ran cold. She opened her mouth to reply, but remembered Malfoy's instructions. She glanced down at him.

"I said, what do you think, Mudblood?" Greyback grinned, and he looked like he had too much teeth in his mouth.

"No, don't talk to her," Malfoy suddenly snapped, holding one hand out in front of Hermione's hips as though he thought she was going to try and step forward. "It doesn't matter what she thinks."

Greyback smirked, and then his eyes fixed directly on her. "But it does matter, doesn't it? It matters to your Master, Mudblood, isn't that right?"

Hermione's knees knocked together, and she saw Malfoy's fist clenching on his thigh where only she could see. She didn't know what to do. He was speaking directly to her, but Malfoy obviously didn't want her speaking to him. She didn't want to speak to Greyback. She just wanted to sink back down to the floor.

But he was right. It did matter. Because Hermione wasn't his slave, and she was beginning to think Greyback had seen through their ruse.

What would he do next?

"Mudblood," Greyback started, but Malfoy suddenly lashed out and sent his wine glass and a bowl of bloodstained bread rolls crashing to the floor.

"I said don't fucking talk to my property!" he roared, and he sounded so enraged that it terrified Hermione. She cowered against the side of the chair, staring pointedly at the floor where Orchid's blood was congealing on the stone. "She is mine to speak to, and I won't have you undermining my authority in my fucking house!"

The other Death Eaters were looking at him differently, with raised brows and interest glinting in their eyes, but the pack wolves all looked at their leader with terror in their eyes. Greyback regarded Malfoy with that same cool smirk, and when Hermione chanced a look down the table at him, she felt her heart sink.

Did he know they were faking it?

Cecilia was the first to speak, and she sounded amused. "Draco, darling, you've got to settle down. Lord Greyback merely wants to see if your slave fears you adequately. It's understandable."

"Thank you, Cecilia," Greyback said, patting her hand where she'd rested it on his bulging bicep. "Yes, Draco, I merely want to see into the mind of the witch who took our Dark Lord from us. Surely you wouldn't begrudge me this, at a Revel we are holding in his honor? Or do I need to put on another display and show you how much authority you truly have?"

Hermione thought for all the world that Draco was going to protest again, but he didn't even look up from glaring at the table. He waved a hand in a dismissive motion, and Hermione gulped. Did that mean she could talk to Greyback when he spoke to her again? Her mind was reeling.

"Mudblood," Greyback said, and his voice was too gentle. "What . . . Do you think . . . About what you have learned?"

Oh, fuck. Hermione had no idea what to say. She knew what she would say, but she had no clue what slave-Hermione would say. She didn't want to make the wrong move, say the wrong thing, and fuck everything up even more. Maybe Greyback hadn't seen through their ruse yet? Maybe there was nothing to salvage because nothing had gone wrong yet?

"I . . . I think that . . ." She kept her eyes on the ground. Slave-Hermione. What would I say if I were truly slave-Hermione? "I think that means that I am even more at my - at my M-Master's mercy."

Greyback watched her for a moment. "And what of the knowledge that I am his alpha? That I control him, as he controls you?" Hermione saw his eyes snap to Malfoy as he opened his mouth to speak. "Shut your mouth, Draco." His eyes were back on Hermione. "What do you think, Mudblood, of the knowledge that you are at my mercy as well?"

Hermione blinked rapidly, the wheels in her mind turning around and around. Because he was right. She was at his mercy. She just wasn't expecting it to be because Malfoy was a werewolf, and because Greyback had some sort of hold or . . . Or power over him.

"I think it terrifies me," Hermione said softly, truthfully.

Greyback's face split into a smile that seemed devious in and of itself. "Good. It should."

Hermione ducked her head down and leaned more heavily against Malfoy's chair. His shoulders were slumped for a moment as he looked down at the table top. She wondered - just how deep in over their heads were they?

"Now," Greyback said, standing up from his chair. "I'm not quite hungry any longer, and this room bores me. Shall we adjourn to the Drawing Room?"

"I'd rather not," Malfoy said, and Hermione could hear that he sounded angry.

"I said, we are adjourning . . . To the Drawing Room . . . Draco."

Hermione watched as Malfoy and Greyback's eyes met across the carnage on the table, and she found herself holding her breath in her lungs. The rest of the guests went silent, each of their eyes darting between the two, and an unnatural silence settled over the room.

What on Earth were they doing?

Finally, Malfoy ripped his eyes away from Greyback, and Hermione saw his fist clenching on the arm of his chair. He was panting for breath. Raggedly, like he'd been running down the corridors of Hogwarts to get to class on time, and he growled in the depths of his chest. As if he'd failed, or . . . Or lost something?

"To the Drawing Room, then."

"Excellent," Greyback said with a smirk. "Oh, and Malfoy? Do make sure to hurry your Mudblood along. Drag her."

Hermione's mind stuttered as everyone rose from the table and began to head towards the door. Malfoy rose and turned to her for a moment, and she looked at him in confusion. She waited for something, some flicker of understanding or life, but there was nothing.

"Floor," he ground out from between clenched teeth, and she took a step back. "Now, witch."

Witch. He was calling her witch instead of Mudblood.

Something was wrong.

Hermione did as she was told, seeing that the other two Muggle-born girls were already crawling towards the door. She gasped when she felt Malfoy's fingers sliding into her hair and pulling. It started small, and then increased in force as he began to walk, and soon she was whimpering in pain, her feet scraping against the stone as he quite literally dragged her.

Why is he doing this? She thought, confused and panicked. What had happened between him and Greyback? Why had Malfoy taken his words so seriously, when he'd been doing everything he could all night to keep her from being harmed?

She wanted to stop fighting, but with how badly her scalp was screaming, all she could do was claw at his hand, trying to uncurl his fingers from her hair. If he was doing this because he had to, because something had occurred between him and Greyback, then she knew it could only get worse.

When they finally got to the Drawing Room, Malfoy stood watching as the festivities commenced, keeping Hermione on the ground. Hermione found that she couldn't tear her eyes away, no matter how hard she tried, as she watched Greyback's pack tearing apart Demetri's slave as though she were a ragdoll.

Hermione's knees ached against the ground, tears of pain pricking at her eyes as Malfoy kept a cruel hand in her hair, watching. Gareth, Enicto, and Demetri stood with wine in their glasses, as though it were a fantastic spectacle. Blood spewed about all over the floor, the carpet, the sofa, the loveseat . . . Hermione heard screaming and laughter mingling together in a nightmarish cacophony, reminding her that once the third girl was gone, it was her turn next.

She realized, finally, that there was nothing she could do to help them.

There was nothing she could do to help herself.



This is by far the most ridiculous thing I have ever written.

 

Invisible


Evaporate by Dance Gavin Dance, Goddess of the Dawn by Born of Osiris, Those Who Stand for Nothing, Fall for Everything by Slaves, Ivory Black by Imminence, and Howl by Florence & the Machine

Hermione POV

10:00pm.

Gnawing. Biting. Hacking. Clawing. A crucio. Blood spilling out like wine from a toppled bottle. The high-pitched wails of Gareth's slave breaking off into gut-wrenching sobs as he imperioed her and forced her face into his pelvis on the couch. Maniacal laughter punctuated by Cecilia Yaxley's giggles. Hermione's scalp aching and throbbing, her ears ringing with the sounds of torment. The limbs of Demetri's slave being torn asunder, a leg tossed to one werewolf for a snack, a hand peeking out from between another one's jaws. Her head rolled to a stop in front of Hermione's knees, the blood staining her already-red dress darker. It was hectic, absolute and utter chaos, and Hermione just wanted Malfoy to let her go.

The horrified fog cleared in moments as Demetri stalked toward them.

"Surely you wouldn't mind me procuring a . . . A mere taste?" he asked above the sounds of Gareth's slave screaming. "All blood tastes sweet, even the muddy kind."

At the flash of Demetri's fangs, Hermione felt panic clawing its way up through her body and out of her mouth in the form of a shriek that cut him off. She began to scramble backward, curling her hands and tearing at the sleeve of Malfoy's blazer. She kicked her legs outward, slamming the point of her heeled shoe into Demetri's shin. He yelped and jumped backward, a look of outrage passing over her face, and still Hermione fought. She fought against Malfoy's hold, even though it was as clamped down as a vice. When she looked up at the person who was supposed to be protecting her, he looked stricken and more than a little lost.

"Punish her, Malfoy," came Greyback's snarl as he stood over the third Muggle-born slave, ignoring her desperate pleas.

The werewolf was transitioning by the moment, at will like Enicto's potion allowed him to, his skin sloughing off and fur stretching along muscle and sinew, his snout elongating. And the claws. The awful claws, curling and growing. It looked agonizingly painful and yet all he did was snarl like a rabid dog, throw back his head, and howl.

Before Hermione could think, could even breathe, she felt Malfoy's shoe connecting with her side. It was so forceful that she spun and toppled over to the side, gasping. Then, his hand was in her hair again, dragging her upwards, and she saw his eyes. His silver eyes, scorching and pinning her lungs down as he gazed upon her.

He was in there. He was here. So why was he doing this? He promised, he promised. Whywhywhy?

"M-Malfoy, please!" she screamed, and then he slapped her. Fully, with the back of his hand, and she felt his knuckle smacking her lip so hard that it throbbed. He slapped her again, and then threw her down like a broken ragdoll. She landed on top of Demetri's slave's severed head, and she screamed in horror, rolling away from it and knocking against Demetri's legs.

"Don't mind if I do," the vampire purred, and then Hermione's scalp was in pain again, her head being dragged backward. He tossed back his head, gave a feline hiss, and sank his fangs into her neck.

Hermione, in a blind panic, slapped and pulled at his face and hair, the putrid scent wafting off of his body causing her to feel physically ill. She kicked her legs, tried to twist her body, but nothing worked.

Malfoy had promised. He'd promised. Why was this happening? How had things devolved so quickly into Hell? She looked to Malfoy for help, for answers, for anything, confusion warring with the despair in her eyes as Demetri suddenly grabbed the skirt of her dress and tore the slit up higher.

Malfoy's lip curled and he reached for his wand.

"Do not interfere!" Greyback shouted.

Hermione was horrified to see Malfoy's hand clench into a fist at his side, his silver eyes burning in two infernos.

No, this isn't supposed to . . . Why is Malfoy just standing there? He has his wand . . . No, Merlin no . . . Hermione's thoughts came in wild bursts and Demetri's stone-cold hand tore her knickers down to her thighs.

She felt like a fool. She felt like a fool because even though Malfoy had warned her this was what might happen, she hadn't expected it would. She'd thought Malfoy would have complete control, but something was wrong. Greyback had done something to him, and something was wrong.

"Stop, oh, stop," Hermione pleaded, twisting her hips away from his probing fingers. It was all she could do to clamp her thighs around his hand to stop it from moving upward. "Please! Please, don't!"

Suddenly, and with what looked like great effort from the way he bared his clenched teeth, Malfoy ripped his wand out of his sleeve and pointed it directly at Demetri.

"Crucio!" he snarled, and quick as lightning, Demetri dropped Hermione to the floor.

Demetri fell to his knees and then onto his side, thrashing about and roaring in agony. His crimson eyes rolled up into his head as Hermione crawled backwards, her breathing coming in rapid, hysterical huffs. She felt tears starting to spill down her cheeks as she dragged her knickers back up her legs beneath her now-destroyed gown. Not knowing where to go or who to trust, she continued to move until she was huddled in the shadows near the wall, cowering like a frightened animal in the hopes that no one would seek her out again.

This wasn't what she expected. She didn't know what she'd expected, but it wasn't what she . . . It just wasn't . . . It was overwhelming, and she had no idea how to keep her wits about her, to keep her sanity unsnapped. Something was wrong with Malfoy. Something they hadn't accounted for. It was like he was in control of his mind, but if he received a direct order, he couldn't combat it or defy it. When he'd pulled out his wand, it looked as though he were about to drop it from between his fingers, and had just barely managed to hold on.

The carnage in the center of the Drawing Room came to a complete halt as Demetri screamed and screamed, and Greyback growled. It rumbled around the room, threatening and ominous.

"No one is touching my fucking Mudblood!" Malfoy roared, whirling on them all. As he did so, Demetri stopped screaming and Malfoy's wand remained trained upon the monsters in the room. "She is mine to do with as I please, and you will respect me in my fucking house! Now, back off."

The silence continued, during which Hermione was desperately struggling not to fall into hysterical sobs.

"Mudblood. Come here," Malfoy said, still not turning to face her.

Hermione didn't move. She was terrified. Even Malfoy scared her. It was safer - she was safer - against the wall, and -

"Granger," he snarled, glaring down at her with piercing silver eyes. "To me. Now."

Hermione went pale. He'd used her name. He'd used her name, and that meant that he was here. It didn't matter if Greyback had done something to him. He was here, and she needed to go to him. It was safer by him. She rose to her feet, wiping the last of her tears away, her skin crawling where Demetri had touched her, and slunk out to stand behind him.

Greyback tossed aside the slave's leg that he'd been munching on, and started towards Malfoy. He looked a horrifying sight, parts of him still human, with the head of a ferocious wolf. Hermione hid behind Malfoy a bit more, hugging her arms around her waist. This wasn't where she wanted to be anymore. She'd made a mistake. She should have gone back to Hogwarts. No information that Greyback held was worth this. She wasn't ready for preventing a war, if that's even what was coming.

Then, Greyback began to speak. Werewolves were not supposed to be able to speak. Hermione stared, wide-eyed and frightened from behind Malfoy's left shoulder. Malfoy kept his wand trained on him.

"If I didn't know any better," the wolf head said, voice grating and rough, "I'd say you were challenging me. And I'd like to remind you . . . You've failed three times now."

Malfoy held his wand to Greyback's broad human chest. His voice was dangerous, a hiss on the wind.

"I'd like to try for a fucking fourth."

Greyback threw his head back and howled, and when he righted it, it was inches from Malfoy's face. Hermione whimpered and buried her face into the back of Malfoy's blazer.

"Suit yourself," Greyback hissed out, saliva dripping from fangs and teeth that were inches long.

Like the last three times, it began as a sort of staring match.

Greyback lowered his jaw and fixed his terrifying sunset eyes on Malfoy, small growls continuing to emanate from within his chest. From her position behind Malfoy, Hermione could feel how tense and rigid his body was as he gazed right back at him, growls of his own rumbling inside of him. She was confused, her mind spinning. Malfoy was a wolf. He was a werewolf. That's the only way this made sense. He was a werewolf with Veela traits and even though it was impossible, that's the way it was. That's who he was. He was both, and he was trying to help her.

But he wasn't strong enough.

Slowly, and much to Hermione's horror, Malfoy collapsed onto the ground on his hands and knees. His wand clattered against the stone beside him, on the other side of his body from where Hermione was. He clenched his fists in front of him and rested his forehead upon them, letting out an anguished groan. On pure reflex, Hermione fell beside him, one hand on his back and other flat on the floor. She leveled a fierce glare up at Greyback, not caring about any false personas or plans or wars.

"What are you doing to him? Leave him alone!" she yelled, feeling Malfoy's body quivering beneath her hand.

"I'm forcing him to turn before his time, you filth," Greyback said, his wolf lips curling back over his fearsome jaws. "If he doesn't surrender, he will turn and he will kill you."

Turn? Hermione's eyes snapped to Malfoy's body, watched as a shudder ripped through his entire body, the flesh on his hands rippling like liquid. She lost her breath when she saw the bones in his hand begin to shift, and she heard a series of sickening cracking noises. He gasped, choking on air as his other hand began to break, too, and then he lifted himself back up onto his knees. He glowered up at Greyback, his chest heaving, teeth bared.

Panicking, Hermione leaned in close, whispering frantically under her breath.

"Just hang on, Malfoy," she said. "Try to fight it. Hang on, and try to fight it."

He groaned in agony. "I can't. I don't think I . . ." Another shudder wracked his body and she saw his collarbone shifting and moving. He whimpered. "I don't think I can."

The other werewolves in the room stalked over and surrounded them, followed by Cecilia, the other three Death Eaters, and Gareth's slave. Hermione's eyes fell from Greyback to the Muggle-born, seeing her face stained with Gareth's essence and her own blood, and Hermione nearly retched.

"Try, Malfoy, try," Hermione said, her fingers trailing through his hair. His scalp was sweating, the strands of blond damp.

Still trembling violently, he clenched his teeth and lifted his head, his eyes fixated on Greyback. Hermione felt a bit of pride swelling within her. He was trying, and that was why she knew no matter what anyone back at school thought, he wasn't a coward. He was fighting back, for her and for them, and even if they were in over their heads, at least they would drown together.

"Surrender, beta!" Greyback roared.

Malfoy shuddered again, and when he responded, Hermione saw his silver irises bleeding outward until no white remained. His flesh rippled, all four of his canine teeth sharpened to fangs, and his snarl was animalistic. Wolflike. Hermione's hands flew to her mouth and she fell backward onto her bottom.

He really is a werewolf. How did I miss this? Why didn't he tell me?

"No!" Malfoy snarled it, right back up into Greyback's face, his blonde hair falling into his face. His eyes seemed to glow, with the silver contrasting to the black pupils, and he looked feral.

Greyback roared and more of his flesh tore away from his chest, revealing bloodied fur. Hermione gagged.

"Surrender!"

The entire pack began to howl. One right after the other, the loud sound echoed around the Drawing Room and rained down upon Hermione's head so painfully that she had to slap her palms over her ears. Malfoy ducked his head down, his back arching and moving and cracking, his hands getting larger and nails getting sharper by the second. Hermione felt her blood turning to ice, her heart racing with a desire to run. But she was completely encircled by wolves, half of them in the process of turning and half of them not.

And then Malfoy, still panting heavily for breath, turned his head to look at her. It was only for a brief moment, but she saw the look in his eyes. She knew that he hated himself more than she ever hated him in the past, and that this was the only way. The only way he could be in the right state of mind to do something to help them both. He couldn't do anything if he was in the crazed mindset of a wolf. She ran her hand through her unruly waves, and then she nodded. She nodded because she knew he was right. He had to give in. He couldn't fight Greyback.

He tore his eyes away from her, back to Greyback.

Malfoy held up one hand, which Hermione saw was bleeding from the nail beds, and held the other to his stomach.

"Enough," he spat, panting, eyes lowering with blatant shame. "Enough. I . . . I surrender."

Greyback grinned in only the way a wolf could and held his claws upright in front of them as though he wanted to make a fist.

"Bow, beta."

Malfoy slowly bowed his head, and Hermione followed suit, her hands flat on the carpet beneath her.

"I am the alpha of this pack," Greyback snarled. "I am the alpha of all packs."

Malfoy growled a wordless sound and then spat out, "But the Mudblood is mine."

Around them, all of the wolves began to return to their human forms. Cecilia was standing nearby with an amused expression on her face, several empty vials being juggled slowly between her hands. Hermione glowered at her. That damn potion. It could do so much good for the werewolf community, yet these people were using for themselves, hoarding it and doing evil, wicked things.

"If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were trying to protect the Mudblood. Is that it?" Greyback, unlike his pack members, remained in half-wolf, half-human form.

Still bowing, Malfoy shook his head. Hermione didn't think it mattered, as their ruse was already shot. Malfoy had fought against Greyback in a way that could not be denied. But still, the fact that he kept fighting? Hermione had decided.

If they made it out of here alive, she would stand by Draco for as long as he needed her. It was worth it.

"I'm simply keeping what's mine to myself," Malfoy said, his body trembling occasionally, the way her hand had after she'd been crucioed. "I do not like to share my things."

"So you enjoy complete ownership, is that it? Complete domination of the body of your slave?"

"Yes."

Greyback's jaw clicked with his restrained anger. "Nonetheless, I believe a punishment is in order. Wolves, strip the Mudblood. Beta, remain kneeling until I tell you to stop."

Hermione huddled in on herself, feeling the eyes of the Death Eaters and the wolf pack on her corseted back as she did so. The last thing she wanted was to be stripped. She didn't want to know what would happen when they were done.

Huddling did nothing to help her. She screamed in a blind panic as she felt multiple hands grabbing at her dress, dragging out the emotional torment as they hauled her to her feet. Hermione felt anger rush up to meet her as she fought and kicked, relishing in the satisfying feeling of her fists smashing against the werewolves' flesh. She could feel her magic crackling beneath her skin, begging her to fight back the way a witch should.

Oh, sod it all, Hermione thought viciously, and then she gave in.

Hermione's magic exploded outward as she cast a wandless reducto maxima, sending everyone except Greyback flying backward. Some of them landed in a heap in the pathway of the door and Hermione realized this was her only chance to get away. If she could get to the Floo, she could get out and get help. Malfoy would understand, he would understand that she couldn't . . . That she didn't want . . . He would forgive her. He had to.

"I'm so sorry, Malfoy," Hermione said, tears filling her eyes as she fell to her knees before him and snatched up his wand. "I have to - I need to -"

"Just fucking get out of here. Now, Hermione."

She gave him one last sincere look and then whirled around, hoping Malfoy's wand answered to her. She sent a spell hurtling towards Greyback. Much to her chagrin, Cecilia jumped forward and blocked it with a shield spell, forcing Hermione to have to send a stupefy in her direction. The Healer collapsed against Enicto, causing him to drop his wand and topple them both. Hermione's eyes went wide as Greyback roared and began to turn.

There was no way she could get through him to the Floo. Once he was a wolf, there would be no getting past him. She had to get outside, past the Manor's Anti-Apparition wards, and she needed to go now.

Hermione turned and dashed forward, casting a confringo that sent the wolves in her path soaring to the left and the right. She whipped the wand over her head and blasted the doors to the Drawing Room open, and then she ran. Her heels clacked against the stone ground as she went, and she sent every battle spell she knew backwards over her shoulders. It was just like in Seventh Year, when she'd run from the Snatchers, only this time, she was inside the Malfoy Manor and in considerably more distress. Her hair flew out behind her like a curtain of milk chocolate waves as she made her way to the front door.

Without warning, she felt someone's paws against her back, slamming her down onto the ground and snarling above her. She gasped for air as its heavy body bore down on her, and it was all she could do to keep her hold on Malfoy's wand. When she realized she wasn't going to stay conscious long enough to make any moves with it, she gathered all of her magic within her and cast another wandless spell. She was fortunate it worked, because she was able to breathe the moment the wolf went flying.

Hermione didn't look behind her, and wasted no time gathering her skirt up and making a break for the front door again. She whirled around at the front door, casting another attack spell at Demetri, who was rounding the corner of the hallway.

She missed.

Demetri flashed forward and slammed her up against the door with his hand around her throat and squeezed so hard she dropped the wand on reflex. Her hands scrambled at his, trying to gain some reprieve to suck in fresh air, but he only seemed to tighten his hold. Soon, she went limp, her vision swimming, and he let her collapse onto the floor.

"Bring her back into the Drawing Room," came a snippy Cecilia's voice from behind Demetri. "The little bitch is going to get what's coming to her."

Hermione could only lie there in a daze as Demetri dragged her bodily by the ankles, her arms thrown up haphazardly by her head. She registered feeling dismay at having failed, foolishness at having thought that there was any way out of this, and terror at whatever awaited her in the Drawing Room. She heard her heart beating in her ears, and felt the anger of Greyback wafting through the room in waves.

Hermione was dropped in an unceremonious heap on the stone ground next to where Malfoy still knelt. She briefly wondered why he hadn't gotten up or moved, and then she realized that Greyback likely had to give him permission to get up. She rolled over onto her stomach, catching a glimpse of him glaring at the ground, and then she lifted herself up onto her hands and knees. She had to be strong. She was the only one of the two of them who had the ability to fight back.

Before them, the pack and the Death Eaters assembled on the blood-soaked carpet between the furniture while Greyback, in full wolf form, stalked back and forth. He snarled at her, his tail hanging down between his legs angrily as he very visibly decided what to do with them.

"Is she your Mudblood or your lover?" Greyback snapped, his tongue snaking out to lick his chops. "I'm having a difficult time discerning the difference."

"She's my Mudblood," Malfoy replied, and he sounded as though his anger were being held behind a wall.

Hermione looked over at him. Why hadn't he transformed yet? She remembered Greyback saying "before his time." Did that mean that every wolf had a specific time that they turned?

"Then why do you fight for her as though she's your mate?!" Greyback's roar startled Hermione, and she flinched away from him, from them both.

Malfoy's head snapped up and his eyes blazed with the white-hot intensity of a star.

"Because she's mine."

Hermione felt her heart skip several beats and she carefully kept her head down, her palms feeling clammy against the stone. He'd been saying that all evening and yet here, now, knowing that he was saying it with fire in his eyes and conviction in his voice, made her feel as though a veil of some sort had lifted.

"Punish her for your insolence, then," Greyback ordered, his body shaking with rage. "You dared to challenge your alpha multiple times, knowing what you were, and you must be punished for that."

"She's not my mate."

"Oh, I'm aware, little beta," Greyback hissed out, his sharp teeth mere inches away from Malfoy's face. "This little display is for me. I want to hear the Mudblood scream. I want to see what's so exquisite about her that you'll challenge your alpha to keep her to yourself."

Malfoy clenched his fists at his sides, still kneeling on one knee, and he didn't move.

Greyback howled and before Hermione could blink, two werewolves came forward and hauled Hermione up under the arms. She let out a cry of frustration, digging her heels in and trying to wrench herself from their grasps, but it was no use.

Before she knew what had happened, she was bent over the arm of the loveseat, just like she'd been this morning. One wolf stood behind the couch, near the cushion by her head, holding her arms above her and keeping her immobile. She whimpered as she realized what might be about to happen and choosing to stay at the Manor, like what happened this morning when she'd asked Malfoy to prepare her, was a mistake.

But nothing Malfoy did could have prepared Hermione for the sheer, unadulterated terror that tore its way through her body when another wolf's paw pressed down on the center of her back and pinned her in the humiliating position. She could hardly breathe, and her hands scrabbled at the couch seat for purchase, her heels scraping and catching in the carpet and the hem of her long dress.

"I said, punish the Mudblood, beta. The way a disobedient little rat deserves to be punished," Greyback said from his place near the fireplace.

Hermione could do nothing except wait for something to happen. She turned her face towards the back of the loveseat, not wanting to have to have the added embarrassment of seeing everyone watching her.

She supposed she asked for this to happen. She was stupid. A bloody, barmy fool. She'd been naive. Reckless. She'd thought all she'd have to do was follow some orders until they were done eating, and the information would just pour out. But so far, all they'd really learned was about a potion, that Greyback was huge and could speak while in his wolf form, and that he could force Malfoy to do whatever he wanted.

Cecilia's voice suddenly blurted out, "Spank her. I want to see you spank her for being so bloody naughty."

Hermione's head whipped back around and she blushed in spite of the terrifying nightmare she was in. Greyback was glaring at them, sitting back on his haunches as his pack and the Death Eaters gathered around him. Cecilia began giggling almost girlishly, and she leaned against the side of the large wolf's body, her fingers combing through the fur behind his pointed ears.

Malfoy did nothing. Hermione was simultaneously full of regret and grateful for his defiance, because while it told her he didn't want to hurt her, it also told her that things were only going to get worse. She wasn't clear if Greyback knew the truth about her and Malfoy, that she wasn't actually his Mudblood pet, but she feared that if he found out for certain, he would force Malfoy to kill her. They were in a helpless situation, and Hermione didn't know what to do.

Greyback growled in warning and moved away. "Do it, beta. Or I will."

Hermione felt the silence stretched on, the fear-filled anticipation causing her to squeeze her eyes shut as tightly as she could. She couldn't see Malfoy from her position, so she didn't know how fast or slow he was walking across the Drawing Room. She took deep breaths, counting, flinching when she felt Malfoy's hand on her lower back, pressing her down on the arm of the chair.

Then, he hit her.

She yelped, feeling the sharp sting of his palm against her rear. It wasn't as bad as she'd thought it would be, thank Merlin, and she was left hopeful that it would be the end of it.

Sadly, it was not.

"Do it again!" Cecilia cried, sounding for all the world like Bellatrix Lestrange. "Again!"

"Now, Malfoy," Greyback added, solidifying the unfightable order.

Malfoy's pressing hand slid a bit higher up her back, almost in a soothing motion, and then pushed her pelvis down again. Hermione let out a wail as his palm once again connected with her backside, much harder than the first time. Her legs shook as the pain reverberated through her lower body, and she forcibly reminded herself that it wasn't his fault, that he'd tried to fight back, but Greyback had complete control over him. That he was a werewolf, a beta to Greyback's alpha, and that it must have meant that he couldn't fight back. Because he'd promised she wouldn't get hurt, and yet she'd been getting hurt all night. Right in the room where she'd last been tortured.

It didn't make it hurt any less, and she knew she would never set foot in this room again.

"Harder!" Cecilia and Greyback snarled simultaneously.

Once again, Malfoy pressed down on her lower back, holding her firm so she couldn't move away. Her heart rate picked up. There was a split second where she felt Malfoy's hand almost massagingher buttocks, as if preparing her for what was to come, and she whimpered. She couldn't help it, she had to try and stop him.

"P-Please," she stammered, curling the fingers of her right hand around the edge of the cushion. "I'll . . . I'll do anything you want. Anything."

"Anything?" Greyback leered, his tongue snaking out to lick his teeth hungrily.

"Anything, I swear," she whispered. "I swear, just . . . Please . . ."

"All right. Scream," he said, and his jaws snapped shut millimeters away from her ear. "Now, beta."

Hermione felt a scream ripping its way out of her throat unbidden as Malfoy hit her so hard she nearly blacked out. Spots sparkled in her vision, and her entire body went limp as agony coursed its way through her body.

Cecilia squealed in delight, and then Hermione heard her say, "Can I torture her? Pretty please, darling Fenrir?"

"Beta, stand down!" Greyback snapped and then he nuzzled Cecilia. "Be my guest."

Cecilia sauntered forward and lifted some of Hermione's hair with her wand. Their eyes met, and her smile was cruel.

"Crucio!"

Pain. Pain she'd felt before, but would never get used to. She briefly registered herself rolling off of the couch and onto the floor. Her veins sizzled up in the inferno of agony that rocked her body and sent it careening into violent, convulsing fits. By the time it was over, Hermione was practically drooling onto the carpet.

Out of the corner of her tear-flooded eyes, her backside still stinging and throbbing, her muscles trembling with the after-effects of the cruciatus, Hermione saw several people start forward towards her. Frightened, she moved herself into a sitting position, hair a disaster about her head, and scrambled backward until she hit Malfoy's leg. She felt his hand twisting in her hair possessively.

"No one . . . Touches her . . . Again," he hissed.

Another mistake. Everything about this night was one big, giant bloody mistake.

"I grow tired of your defiance, beta," Greyback spat, and as he did, Demetri and Enicto both raised their wands and pointed them at Malfoy's chest. "You belong to me. Therefore what belongs to you belongs to me."

"I think you ought to take away the one thing he has to control her," Cecilia said, placing one hand on her hip and pointing to Hermione with her wand. "He uses denial of pleasure, and it keeps her bending to his every whim. Take that away, and he'll no more own the hair on her head than he will her obedience. He'll have to break her all over again."

Hermione's mind worked to catch up with the words she was saying and even though she didn't entirely know what Cecilia had in mind, she knew for a fact she didn't want anything to do with it.

"Malfoy, no," she pleaded while looking up at him, shaking her head and trying to remove his fingers from her hair. "Please, I'll do anything else. Anything else. Please."

"I said none of you are to touch her," Malfoy said. "And I meant that."

"So protective. As you wish." Greyback grinned, bloodstained pearls amongst a grey shell. Hermione's heart sank. "Mudblood, I want you to strip down so we can all see that dirty, muddy body. And if you don't, I'll do it for you."

Malfoy took a threatening step forward, letting go of Hermione's hair. "No. She's mine to do with as I please."

Greyback snarled and faced him, his tail twitching with agitation. "And you will not stop her Malfoy. If you stop her, I will let the entire pack have her. We'll see if she's so obedient then."

Hermione squeezed her eyes shut. There was no way out of this. It was her against everyone else. Malfoy was trying so hard, she could tell, but it was the pack dynamics. He wasn't strong enough to fight them, and it wasn't his fault. But Merlin, she didn't want to do this. She didn't know if she could. To sit on the loveseat in front of nearly 10 magical creatures and wizards, naked . . . It was like what Azalea Chirithy had done to her, only much worse. What would they make her do once she was undressed? How could she, and go back to Hogwarts, to her friends, acting as though nothing had happened?

As her eyes flickered through the room, taking stock of all the wolves standing there leering at her, a shudder ran through her body. If Greyback sent them all to attack her at once, she wouldn't survive. There'd be no coming back from that.

Hermione glanced over at Gareth's slave, who stared back at her for the first time with something in her eyes. It was sympathy, Hermione could tell, and as their eyes met, the Muggle-born gave her the tiniest of nods. As if to say, "it's okay. Me, too." Hermione's faltering resolve suddenly solidified.

What would happen to Gareth's slave if they got bored of Hermione?

She had to do it. It was either do it, humiliate herself, and get it over with, or face potentially worse consequences for her and the other Muggle-born for not doing it.

She stood up suddenly, swaying slightly on her feet as pain rocketed through her backside. Malfoy looked at her sharply, as did everyone else, and Hermione lifted her chin.

I'm a Gryffindor, she told herself. I'll just close my eyes and get it over with.

"I will do it," she said firmly. Then, as an afterthought just in case, she added, "For my . . . For my Master."

There was a second of silence where Malfoy just stared at her with a bewildered, incredulous look in his silver eyes, and Hermione thought that Greyback might have already figured out the truth.

Luck and Merlin were on their side, however, because Greyback bared his sharp teeth in a frightful excuse for a smile.

"I can see why you've been so protective over your Mudblood all evening, Malfoy," he ground out. "She aims to please."

Malfoy's reflexes were quick. Hermione watched as his Death Eater mask slipped back into place like smoke, and then his hand slid up into her hair. He kept his eyes trained on hers, which she mirrored in their blankness, and a silent promise passed between the two of them.

We get through this together, or we don't get through this at all.

"It's as I said. She is utterly and completed owned by me. You can understand why I would fight to preserve that." Malfoy twisted her hair. He did it gently, but Hermione feigned a wince.

"Why, yes," Greyback mused, sitting back on his haunches again. His sunset-colored eyes flashed. "All the more reason why us all laying eyes on the body you've been working so hard to hide from us will be a proper punishment."

"A just punishment, milord," Gareth said, and Hermione tried not to be sick as he licked his lips. "And a fitting end to this night, wouldn't you say?"

"I would indeed," Greyback echoed. "Mudblood. Unlace your dress."

Hermione slowly reached up behind her and began to untie the lacing on her dress. At first, she felt like she was okay. It was just skin, just her body. But as the laces got looser and looser, her breathing grew more shallow and her panic levels rose.

Once her knickers were off, what would they do to her? She would be completely vulnerable. What if they attacked her, and Greyback used his power to keep Malfoy from stopping them?

By the time she was pulling the straps down her arms, her entire body was shaking so hard that her teeth chattered if she didn't grit them. She didn't want to pull the dress down, knowing that she wasn't wearing anything on her chest beneath the fabric, but she knew she had to. Hermione kept looking at Gareth's slave, remembering that she was doing this to keep the attention off of her, remembering that if she didn't do this, worse things would happen.

Two days ago, she'd thought this trip was just supposed to be exploratory. She was there to be able to go to the Ministry, and to provide Malfoy with blood. That was supposed to be it. And somehow, it had gotten so, so much worse. It was overwhelming, when she thought about it, and it felt unreal. Like she was existing in the space between worlds, suspended in a Hellish limbo that had no exit or entrance. To think that just days ago, she and Malfoy both were sitting on the same side of the table, mingling in a strange sort of dance with their fellow Eighth Years, and now they were going through this? She just wanted to go back. She wished she could go back and come up with another way to preserve her blood for him while he was away from the school.

Hermione brought her mind back to the present. She looked at Malfoy and he held her gaze calmly. The mask was back up, but his eyes remained utterly him. If it weren't for that, she didn't think she could stand the loneliness she would have felt. Gratitude welled up in her chest and then, facing him, she lowered her dress to her hips.

The air in the ambient lighting of the Drawing Room was cold on her skin. She shivered as gooseflesh raised all over her torso, and she looked at Malfoy again. He didn't look down at her body, and for that, she was thankful. She wished she didn't have to turn around.

"All the way off, please," came Greyback's voice from behind.

Hermione once again rerouted her mind. If she wasn't careful, her nerves were only going to make Greyback angry. And she didn't want to make him angry.

The dress pooled on the ground and she stepped out of it, covering her breasts with her palms. She stood there in her knickers and heels, dangerously close to losing her resolve.

"Turn around, you little minx," Demetri called out. "It's not as if we haven't seen anything like it."

She was shaking, hyper-aware of everything in the room around her. The fire crackling in the fireplace. The blood and body parts on the carpets. The eyes drinking in the sight of her with lustful greed. Gareth's slave on her knees beside a panting Gareth. Malfoy with his arms crossed over his chest, his eyes downcast. The wind howling outside, underneath a full moon hidden behind velvet drapes.

She didn't think she'd ever be able to forget any of these things.

"Merlin, you bloody half-breed," Cecilia snapped. "Face us and take off the knickers!"

Hermione flinched. She did as they ordered, turning to face the small crowd and keeping her head down. With a tremulous hand, Hermione began to pull down her knickers. She kept her arm over her chest to hide it even though it felt unnecessary.

This was humiliating.

"Leave the shoes on," Gareth said, and it sounded like he was salivating. When Hermione looked at him, she was sickened to see him touching himself.

Hermione pulled her hair forward, glad that it was so long, and let it cover her breasts. She covered her mons with her hands, fully aware that her bottom was completely bare for Malfoy to see. She hoped he wasn't looking, but she supposed it didn't matter. She was completely at their mercy.

She glanced at Gareth's slave. She was doing this for her, to keep her safe. It was worth it. It had to be.

"Sit down on the chaise," Greyback ordered. He began to stalk around the loveseat in a circle, threatening and sinister.

Hermione sat down, glad to have some way of hiding herself. She exhaled heavily, but the reprieve was short-lived.

Cecilia strutted over, placing one hand on her hip. She gave Malfoy a sour look. "We can't touch her at all?"

"None of you can." Malfoy's voice was a growl.

"Then I want you to do what I cannot. Take off your belt, transfigure it into a whip, and whip her until she nearly bleeds."

Malfoy stared at her with incredulity, and Hermione didn't even care that they might break their roles. She wasn't daft - Greyback probably knew that they were faking it, and what Cecilia was suggesting would be agony.

"Malfoy, please," she said, her tone taking on a desperate edge.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Malfoy spluttered to Cecilia, running a hand through his hair. "Absolutely not."

The wolves began to growl and snarl, and Greyback bared his fangs.

"Do what my mate asks, beta. Whip her."

Hermione felt a cloud of panic rising in her chest and tears stinging her eyes. It was going to hurt. Probably worse than the cruciatus.

She was petrified.

"I can offer my slave instead?" Gareth suggested when Malfoy and Hermione both hadn't moved.

Hermione's eyes widened. She didn't want that. Gareth's slave had already likely suffered enough.

"I'll do it," she said quickly, her eyes lifting to Cecilia, who still stood in front of her.

Suddenly, the cushion beside her shifted and she felt a hand gripping her chin. Malfoy was perched on the loveseat on one knee, leaning over her with his left hand on the back of the couch and his right hand on her chin. And his eyes - those eyes - were so full. It was like they were rolled in fire and dipped in molten silver, and they were scorching her skin. They were burning her alive, and her skin felt hot. Much too hot with her fear. It was him, and she was herself, and he would never hurt her if he could help it.

She had to let this happen without a fight. He was trying to salvage this, so she needed to do her part.

He spoke then, and it was a threat for the sake of the audience, but it heated the pool in her body even hotter with the way the words curled lazily out of his mouth, dripping from his tongue like Amortentia. And she wanted to taste it, to believe that he would do this as gently as he possibly could.

"Don't protest, Mudblood," he hissed. "Or I'll bend you over this chaise and fuck you in front of everyone here."

"Yes, Master," she said, but in spite of her inner strength, her voice was high-pitched from her fear.

Malfoy leaned forward, his hand still gripping her chin, lips brushing her ear. "Just pretend no one else is here, all right? It's just us . . ."

Just us? Hermione saw Greyback stalking back around the couch, and she wondered how she could ever actually manage to pretend that it was just the two of them, alone in the room. As though she would ever let him whip her. Her lower lip trembled but she kept her mind on Gareth's slave.

Malfoy stood up and averted his eyes as he removed his belt. He accioed his wand, which came flying in all the way from the front entryway where she'd dropped it, and used it to follow Cecilia's introductions. The whip was black as night and looked the way she imagined one would look: like a very long, thin snake. He began to unravel it and she wondered if he weren't pretending not to care, if he would have the decency to look queasy.

"Spread your legs, muddy, and sit on your hands," Cecilia said, and Hermione began to tremble again. She sounded exactly like Bellatrix. The scar on her arm pulsed at the thought.

Hermione hesitated, looking to Malfoy. She started to shake her head, but his brow furrowed and he gave her a warning look. She tried not to let out a noise of frustration and then she slowly did what Cecilia told her to do.

Nausea set her stomach to a roil as she opened her legs about a foot. Tears blurred her vision and she turned her face down and away, slipping her trembling hands beneath her and sitting on them. Though the rest of the room was deathly silent, Cecilia laughed almost maniacally for a second.

"It's almost criminal for something so filthy to have such a perfect body," Cecilia said, and then she moved back over to the fireplace. Hermione felt the sting of her words as though Malfoy had already begun.

"Push your hair back," Gareth said, clearing his throat.

"Please, don't make me," Hermione said, looking to Malfoy. She was already sitting there with her womanhood on full display, and it was traumatizing. She needed to have at least something in her control. The ends of her thick hair were tickling her hips, and were the only barrier she had between her breasts and the monsters' eyes. As she sat there, she felt the still-open wounds from Demetri's fangs throbbing.

Greyback began to circle the couch like a predator around its prey again, and she looked at him in terror. What if he took the whip from Malfoy and did it himself? He was huge. What if he was so impatient that he just killed her and -

"Hey," Malfoy growled, voice rough. She snapped her face back to look up at him. "You don't look at him. You don't look at anyone. You look at me. You don't belong to anyone else but me."

Hermione nodded quickly, and then she wet her lips nervously. She watched with growing concern as the tip of the whip dragged the ground as he moved back a ways. He removed his blazer, tossing it aside, and then loosened his tie. His facial expression was hard, and even through the mask, she knew he didn't have the stomach for this. She hoped he did, however, because if he didn't, she didn't want to know who did.

Malfoy rolled back the sleeves of his black button-up, and then Hermione sucked in her breath. There was no more stalling. It was happening.

"Begin," Greyback said.

Crack

The first lashing against her chest felt like a faint sting, like her body didn't realize it had happened. The second to her sternum burned, and the bite of the fading contact made her whimper. She willed herself not to scream as the third lash came down, and then the fourth and the fifth, on her arms and thighs.

This is Draco, she repeated to herself. Even though he's doing this, it's still him. It's still Draco.

Crack

Wounds were blossoming all over her upper body, each one stinging and burning. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut even tighter as the tenth lashing caught her on the edge of her core. The pain was acute and she thought she'd forgotten how to breathe. She opened her eyes, and when she looked at Malfoy, his face was twisted into a snarl.

This . . . This is Draco, she thought, and even her mind wept. Why does he look so angry with me? What did I do?

Hermione cowered against the couch as he drew his arm back, her shoulders lifting as she hunched slightly as if it could protect her. She closed her eyes before she could see it come down. It caught her on the abdomen, breaking through her skin, and it was all she could do not to scream.

Crack

She couldn't hold it in anymore. Each slash of the whip against her tender skin caused her to cry out. Her body shook violently from the pain, and tears spilled down her cheeks. She wanted to plead with him to stop, but she was terrified that they would punish the other girl.

Drops of blood rolled down from various wounds on her body, and she bit her lower lip until she tasted it. Her heart hurt and she felt exactly the way she had when she'd been tortured by Bellatrix. Scared and alone and in agony.

Did he blame her for making him do this? Had she not fought hard enough? She wished she hadn't looked at him. All she saw behind her closed eyelids was his face, blazing and open with ire, and she felt like everything was her fault. This entire night.

We both should have just left. All three of us - me, him, and Blaise. We should have hid somewhere until it was time to go back to school. What were we thinking, trying to take this on? We're so stupid. So bloody stupid.

We're just kids.

Hermione was having a panic attack, she could feel it. It was audible and unable to be ignored. Her silent tears had increased in volume, and her lungs were squeezing tighter and tighter. She gasped for breath, her eyes opening to stare at nothing as she struggled to breathe. The Drawing Room was huge, but it felt like it was too small, too much like a prison cell.

She'd reached the end of everything she had.

"Why, Draco," Enicto said, his first words in what felt like hours. "I do believe you've finally broken her."

"Funny," Greyback said, his claws clicking on the stone floor by the fireplace. "I distinctly remember you saying she broke so easily. You're a very good liar."

Malfoy suddenly threw the transfigured whip down and flashed forward to Hermione's side. Nearly catatonic, she barely registered him sitting on the couch beside her, pulling her against his side.

She stared at the back of the severed head on the floor.

"It's okay," Malfoy murmured, his tone more gentle than it had ever been. He dipped his head down to try and catch her gaze, but she was too disoriented to be able to focus on him. She felt one of his arms wrapping around her shoulders and the other one massaging the convulsing muscles of her arms. "I'm still here. It's okay."

But it wasn't okay. It wasn't.

"Get out," Malfoy snarled, his head snapping up. "All of you. Get the fuck out of my house."

Hermione let her mind fade out as the Floo flared up again and again. She didn't get a chance to see the other Muggle-born girl leaving, but she was relieved. She left, which meant she was alive. That's what mattered.

She closed her eyes and listened to her nightmare draw nearer to a close. She tried not to fall apart right there in Malfoy's arms. She just wanted it all to be over. She wanted them all to go, and she wanted to go to bed and sleep forever. She wanted to go back to Hogwarts. She wanted to sleep.

"This won't be the last time we meet, beta," she heard Greyback say.

"For your sake, I'm counting on it."

Silence. And then the Floo roared to life.

Malfoy seemed to go into overdrive, his hands continuously moving up and down her arms.

"It's all right, Hermione," he whispered, sounding panicked. "I'm so fucking - it's okay - they're gone. They're gone."

Hermione was starting to feel anxious again. When she looked down at her naked body, at the thin, hideous trails of blood that were creeping down her body and onto the carpet, she whimpered.

"Draco . . ."

"I know, love," he said as he massaged her trembling thighs. "I know. I know."

She didn't know what he knew. She just knew that she was in shock. He was smearing her blood all over her skin with his movements, causing her small wounds to hurt worse. His eyes lingered on her tear-stained face and then dropped to the fang marks on her neck. Hermione knew vampire bites didn't heal with spells. Was she going to have to wear Death Eater scars for the rest of her life?

"I don't want to cry. I don't w-want to. I d-don't."

His hands stilled on her forearms. He stared at her, eyes wide and wild.

"Cry," he said, his voice sounding breathless. "It's okay to."

Hermione stared at him, feeling the ache growing in her throat. Her heart hurt.

"You tried, right?" Her words were thin, reedy. Her eyes were full to the brim. She let out a sob. "You tried? Please say you tried?"

His mouth quivered and his brow furrowed, and then she saw the dam break behind his eyes like a lightning strike.

"Oh, fuck, Hermione." He gathered her up in his arms, and both of them pulled their legs onto the loveseat. "I tried. So fucking hard. I promise you, I tried."

Hermione felt his warmth settling in around her and she circled up into a ball, burying her face in his chest. She was still nude, still bleeding, would always be hurting. He was the one who hurt her.

But he was the only one she had. They'd gone through this together, survived it together, and she needed him.

The moment she felt a shudder run through his body, his arms and legs tightening around her, the dam broke within her. She dissolved into tears.

"It's all right," he said soothingly as she sobbed. "Shh. It's all right."

Seconds later, footsteps came pounding down the hallway and into the Drawing Room. Terror filled her body and she began to kick and flail wildly. Were they back? Had they come to harm her worse? Her sudden struggling caused her to smack Malfoy in the nose and slam her head against the underside of his chin. She tumbled to the floor, landing on top of her discarded dress, and Malfoy leaned forward with his elbows on his thighs. He groaned and massaged his nose.

12:00am.

"Mate, I can't decide," came Blaise's anger-laden voice. "Should I cut your bloody head off for locking me in that room, or should I just follow through on my plan to punch you in the mouth . . . Merlin's beard."

He trailed off, no doubt seeing the carnage that lay strewn about the Drawing Room floor. Hermione barely mustered a blink. The atmosphere in the room felt heavy, and it reeked of blood and death. Hermione was embarrassed, knowing that Blaise was staring at her. Shame coloring her cheeks red, she pulled her torn dress back on and hurried to wipe her cheeks and eyes. She didn't bother with the laces in the back. Her wounds stung and protested as the fabric grazed them. Her neck wound was no longer dripping, but it hurt. She hoped there was a way to heal it. She reached for her knickers, mortified as she put them back on.

"Someone beat you to it," Malfoy said quietly to Blaise, hand combing back through his hair. "Help me clean up. Call some elves."

"Yeah," Blaise said. "Yes, of course, mate. Yeah . . ."

"Granger, go up to your room, all right?" He sounded exhausted. He stood up.

Hermione looked at him almost blearily, seeming confused, and his eyes searched hers. She couldn't read them.

"Go on, love. It's all right now. Up to your room."

Hermione walked on trembling legs past a stricken Blaise, her hair a completely mussed-up rat's nest on her head and her beautiful gown torn in multiple places. She held a hand against her roiling stomach, trying to sort her thoughts as she made the long trek back to her room.

She couldn't believe what had just happened, and with every step she took, she felt sicker and sicker at the thought that not only had she taken her clothes off with hardly any protest, but she hadn't even tried to fight. She kept telling herself that she hadn't had a choice, but she had. She always had a choice. The issue was that she just didn't want to pick the wrong one. Hermione made the decision almost on a whim, without even thinking about the consequences. Her skin was crawling and itching and she felt like she was going to be sick.

The moment she rounded the corner, she bent over and heaved up bile until her throat was raw and aching. She wandlessly vanished it, and that only served to make her feel worse. Because she'd had access to magic, and she had barely used it. And for what? The knowledge that Greyback was a big, talking wolf, and he used a special potion? It all seemed like such a huge sacrifice for two measly bits of information that may or may not be useful. It wasn't as if they were neck-deep in a five-year war with no hope of winning. She wasn't a spy for the Order, being sent in to Voldemort's house to sacrifice herself for the cause. They didn't even know if there was a cause.

Merlin, what were they thinking? They were just kids.

And yet, she'd taken the attention off the other Muggle-born. She'd managed to possibly save her life. Or at least spare it for that evening. That meant something to Hermione and to the girl. It was worth it, if she'd been able to save at least one of them.

She just wished she'd been able to save herself, or at least that Malfoy had been able to. And as much as she understood that he'd been doing his best all evening, barely holding on, she couldn't help but feel angry with him. Not only had he put her in that situation by telling Greyback she was his slave, but he hadn't toldher he was a werewolf. It was the full moon, too, so what did he expect was going to happen when he eventually transformed? Was he going to make a habitof putting her in harm's way? If they were going to have a relationship, then . . .

Hermione's stomach twisted. A relationship. With Malfoy. It was unreal. He'd said the word "Mudblood" too easily that night. He had no intentions of seeing her in that light.

But that felt unintelligent to even say or think. It was clear that he felt something for her that strayed from hatred and possibly went beyond platonic feelings. But was it just the magical creature in him? Was he both Veela and werewolf, with an enhanced need to protect her? And why had he chosen her in the first place? Why not some other girl, like a Slytherin or Pureblood witch?

Still, she couldn't deny her own feelings for him. She couldn't deny that her feelings for him were growing from simple fancy, especially after what she'd just experienced with him. She didn't know how they were going to overcome this, to overcome the bruising on her backside and the wounds on her frontside. But she knew she wasn't going anywhere, and she was all the stupider for it.

That made her the angriest of all.

When Hermione got into her room, she fought back tears. She didn't want to cry again, not after that. She felt like it would give whatever cruel God ran the universe a reason to laugh at her for being stupid enough to take such a huge risk and stay for the Revel. She closed her door and walked stiffly over to her vanity, staring at herself in the mirror as she slowly pulled the diamond pin out of her hair. It was broken.

Hermione's body was littered with bruises, and her rear end hurt so bad she could hardly think. She had scrapes and a bit of a rash on her shoulder blades from being dragged from the entryway to the Drawing Room, and her scalp was tender from having her hair pulled on so many times. The whip wounds were small but numerous, and they still ached and smarted. Blood was drying all over her torso.

She could feel herself getting angrier by the second, thinking of everything that had happened since that morning. She was covered in bruises, all for nothing. For nothing. And it could have been avoided had Malfoy simply told her he was a werewolf. She would have been fully informed, she would have been able to come up with something, some . . . Some way of -

A knock came at the door.

"What?"

"I have your wand," Malfoy's voice was muffled. She didn't want to see him right now, but she wanted her wand. She wanted her wand more than anything. She wanted to feel safe.

Hermione didn't answer, instead choosing to run the hairbrush that sat on the vanity table through her waves. She watched as they puffed up, wincing as the brush ran through tangle after tangle. Sometimes, she hated her hair. She hated how no matter what she did, no matter her accomplishments or the intelligence she possessed or the things she said, all that anyone ever saw was her hair. She didn't want to cut it off, but now, with the feeling of fingers wrapped in the long strands, pulling and yanking, she was tempted.

The door opened, and Malfoy stepped inside, twirling her wand between his fingers. His silver eyes pierced into her reflection, but she just kept brushing her hair. She brushed and brushed and brushed, imagining that every knot was a werewolf, that every tangle was Malfoy's fingers digging into the back of her neck, or his vehement hiss of the word, "Mudblood." Her eyes stung as she tried to figure out how in Merlin's hut she was going to overcome this night.

She didn't even feel like Hermione Granger anymore.

Slowly, he crossed the room and stood beside her, the heat of his body washing over her and reminding her of the heat of the fire in the Drawing Room. He took the brush from her with a soft hand and set it lightly upon the vanity table. Then, he held her wand out to her.

She snatched it up and clutched it close to her chest, keeping her eyes down on the ground. Because that's what he preferred, wasn't it? He'd been so quick to call her Mudblood, so good at playing his role. He wanted her to be subservient, calling him Master and telling him he rewarded her.

Malfoy's hand lifted from his side and moved to touch her jaw, but she pulled away from him, taking a step to the right. He drew his hand back and then pushed his fingers through his hair with a sigh.

"I don't know . . ." He seemed to be confused about what he could say.

"You don't know?" Hermione hissed, whirling on him. "What don't you know, Malfoy?"

He averted his eyes, like a chastised child. "I don't know what I can say."

"There is nothing you can say," she snapped. "There's nothing you can say. That was . . . That wasn't what I thought it would be."

"Well, what did you think it would be?" he asked, raising his voice and placing his hand on the table beside them. "Hm? Did you think it would be Hogsmeade and Butterbeer? Did you think we'd all sit around the table at Hogwarts, eating Christmas dinner?"

"I don't know!" she cried, throwing her hands up into the air. "I don't know what I thought. But what I do know is you promised I wouldn't get hurt, and -"

"I know what I promised!" he said harshly, and then he took a step closer and spoke again, gentler. "I know what I promised, Granger."

"They why did you break it? Why did you . . . ?" She glared at the ground and smacked his hand away when he reached for her face again. "That was mortifying for me, Malfoy. It was . . . I can't . . ."

"Granger . . ." His hand made it up to her cheekbone before she snapped.

"No!" she screamed, shoving her hands against his chest so that he stumbled back a few steps. "No, you don't have permission to touch me like you care about me! Not after everything . . . After what you did . . . I can't even look at y-you."

Hermione's voice broke and she turned away from him, limping towards the window in her ridiculous heeled shoes. The moon was full and heavy in the sky, bathing the dark room in a luminescent glow. She looked out at the grounds, at the intricately-designed hedge maze and the gardens, and she wondered how an estate so beautiful could hold such terrible darkness inside of it.

It was true, though. She couldn't look at him. When she looked at Malfoy, she felt the turmoil of her feelings: affection warring with loathing, trust with betrayal. A distinct split between wanting to fall into him and receive some sort of comfort, and wanting him to leave her life for good.

Since the beginning of the year, even though it had only been three months, things had changed so much that even before tonight, she'd felt unlike herself. She used to hate him, to spit on the ground he walked on. Now, she felt like he was the only person who understood her, and like they truly existed together in that space between worlds. The space between Muggle-born and Pureblood. That space between magic and Muggle. And it was their world, their space, and she didn't want to share it with anyone but him.

She couldn't look at him because she knew that if she did, she would find some way or some reason to forgive him, just because she didn't want to have to float alone.

"Those girls," Hermione whispered, her tears threatening to spill over onto her cheeks once again. "Those poor witches. Their families must miss them terribly, and I was here with them. I was here, and I didn't even help them."

"You couldn't, Granger," Malfoy said from behind her. He sounded as though he were still at the vanity. "You weren't exactly in a position -"

"What position was I in, then?" Hermione cut him off. "I had access to my magic. I could have done something more to help them, to help myself. But I just let it all happen. I just letthose . . . Those monsters hurt them. Orchid, and - and - the witch with Demetri. I just sat there."

"You didn't let anything happen, Granger. You -"

"Yes, I did!" And at this, she whirled around to face him. "I could have used softening charms, or a charm to make the pain more bearable for them. I could have done something more, instead of merely kneeling there like a familiar and waiting for my owner to pet me!"

"Are you going to stop interrupting me?" Malfoy growled, arms crossed over his chest as he leaned against the table. "Because we can't have a civil discussion if you can't get yourself sorted."

Hermione sucked in her breath, mind reeling with rage, and she sat down on the wide windowsill. She wanted to take her dress off and cast incendio on it, just like she had with her dress the night after Theo's attack.

The truth was, she didn't want to have a civil discussion. She wanted to be uncivil and primal, and she wanted to scream. She wanted to do all the things she hadn't been able to do at the Revel, and she wanted him to understand that even though she understood that a lot of it wasn't his fault, he still had a choice in how deep he let it go.

"It was too real," she said, wringing her hands in her lap. "The way you . . . Everything you said . . . It was too real, like it . . . Like it all meant something to you."

Malfoy clenched his teeth, and she could see his jaw clicking. "How d'you mean?"

Hermione shot him a scathing look. "You forgot to add the 'Mudblood' to the end of that question."

"Come off it, Granger. You knew I had to play a role this evening. You knew what it was going to be like."

"No," Hermione said, shaking her head. "No. That is not what we discussed."

"Because we hardly discussed anything!" Malfoy cried, gesturing with his hand.

"That's because your idea of preparation involved traumatizing me in the Drawing Room this afternoon!"

"And I was right to do so, Granger! Look what happened tonight. What could have happened. We barely got out of there by the skin of our hands!"

"But I still got hurt!" she cried, furiously wiping her eyes. "I still got hurt, and so did they, and I just sat there. I -"

"So did I," he cut her off, his brows knitting together and gaze fixated directly upon her. "Or do you not recall?"

"What?" Another tear fell, which she quickly wiped away.

"Last year," he said as he took a step toward her at the window. He looked serious yet angry, all at once. "When you were lying on my bloody Drawing Room floor, I just stood there and watched. And you know why? It's because I was scared, Granger. And just because I was scared, didn't mean that it was my fault that it happened. So that's how I know it wasn't your fault that they killed those witches. Even good witches fail sometimes, Granger."

Hermione looked up and he was standing right in front of her, his hands balled into fists at his sides. The moonlight caused his hair to look paler, almost white, and his eyes seemed to glow. She got lost in those eyes, as she always did, and barely registered herself leaning forward, her body pressing against his as she buried her face in the black fabric of his shirt.

He was right. That night at the Manor, with Bellatrix . . . Malfoy had just stood there, looking away, pretending it wasn't happening, and even though it was something she was still dealing with, she'd never once thought to herself that it was Malfoy's fault. He'd been terrified, terrified of Voldemort, terrified of everything. They all were that year. They were just children, seventeen years old, fighting a war for adults who couldn't see the signs that she and her friends had seen, years before Voldemort ever came back into power.

"And you are good, Granger," Malfoy went on to say, his hands hovering over her shoulders, not touching her in his caution. "You're kind and compassionate. You're dedicated, and you don't give up, even when I want to hex you to get you to cease. And you're bloody brilliant - everything you do is bloody brilliant. That's how I know for certain that if you had the chance, if you had the opportunity, you would have saved them."

Hermione leaned back, hugging her arms around her waist. "Then why do I feel like a bad person?"

"You're not a -"

Hermione shook her head and shoved past him, beginning to pace. "No. No, you don't understand. How can you say I'm a good person after everything that's happened this year? I went against the entire world, against my friends, against everyone, and spoke for your father."

"And I'm grateful for that -"

Hermione started counting the reasons why she was mad at him, and angry with herself on her hands. "I was supposed to spend this year in Advanced Potions, learning what I could so that I could help my parents regain their memories after graduation."

He pulled his head back in an expression of bemusion. "What's happened to your parents? Granger, I can -"

"Then, instead of making up with my friends, I've spent the last two months letting you consume my blood just to keep you from withering because I thought you were a Veela . . . Only to find out you've kept the truth from me the entire time!"

"I wasn't -"

"How long?" She put her hands on her hips.

"How long what?" His hands were tangled in his hair, and he looked distressed. "What are you talking about, you bloody witch?!"

"How long have you known you were a werewolf?" she yelled, clapping her hands to punctuate the words.

He blinked and then he lowered his eyes. "Since last month. But I didn't want to . . ."

"Didn't want to what?" Hermione was beside herself. What had he been thinking? Did he just plan on locking himself inside his room while she was in the next one over? Putting her and Blaise in possible danger? First he agreed to host the damn Revel in his house, of all places, and then this? It was unconscionable.

"I don't . . . I don't fucking know, okay? I don't fucking know what I'm doing, Granger! I didn't ask for this, for any of this. I came back this year to finish my exams, and then move on with my life after the war. And then you fucking . . . You just happened. You just happened, and I couldn't think about anything or anyone else. The only thing I could think about was you. And after, I guess, Crabbe scratched me . . . Anyway, it happened out of nowhere, and with the Ministry laws, I just . . ."

The words were tumbling out of him in a rush, and he looked lost. More lost and human than Hermione had ever seen him look. He was staring down at his hands, as if he could see something there that Hermione couldn't.

"I don't want to be a werewolf, Granger," he said softly. "But I don't think that's all I am."

Hermione pressed her lips together, resisting her natural urge to be compassionate and comfort him. She was angry still, angry for everything, and she needed to get it all out. Even if what he was implying - that he might be both werewolf and Veela - was something that needed to be talked about. It could be talked about later, when she wasn't seething.

"I understand what you're going through. I really do. But I have made it to the end of my broom with you, Draco Malfoy. And as odd as it feels to be at the end of my bloody broom with you, that's where I am. I have given and given, and you have taken and taken from me. And this one night - this one night I needed you. I needed you to protect me and instead, you treated me like a - like a -"

"Like a what?"

"Like your property!" Hermione stamped her foot, emboldened. "You treated me like your property, and I know that's what we agreed to falsify, but it . . . It felt too real. I couldn't tell if you really meant it and now, I still can't tell."

"I treated you . . . ? Granger, I told you how it was going to be, and you agreed to it! I did exactly what I said I was going to do -"

"And more! You hurt me, Draco! You dug your fingers into my - my - my neck, and you grabbed my leg . . . And 'defiance is the storm'? What was that?"

"I was just pretending! I was only trying to make sure Greyback believed that I was still a Death Eater!"

"Well, you're a bloody good actor!" Hermione screamed, nearing the bed. He followed.

"A bloody good what?!" he shouted back, looming over her a mere foot away. "What in Merlin's bloody beard are you on about, Hermione?!"

Hermione stared at him from where she had sat on the bed, looking bedraggled and confused and irritated, and she realized that something was long overdue. She hauled back and slapped him across the face, her palm stinging from the force of it. Her hand hit him so hard that his hair lifted with the turn of his head and when he turned back to look at her, his eyes were blazing.

"I'll tell you what I'm on about, you foul git," she practically snarled, her eyes lit with fire from inside of her. "All you cared about today was your father's blasted company. You didn't even think about me or my safety when you agreed to host a damn Revel here at the Manor, didn't even hesitate when you were asked if I was your slave. You slapped me - you slapped me first - and you said you ought to beat me. Just admit it: you're using me! You've been using me so you don't starve, or - or - or wither, and you used me tonight to keep your father's company intact!"

Malfoy lost his temper, obviously fed up with not being able to get a word in edgewise. "Oh, the company, the company. The bloody fucking company! Hermione, I don't care about the company! I care about you!"

Hermione was so far into her tirade, her emotions swirling as she tried to block out the memories of the night with her yelling, that she didn't register what he'd just said. She got up and walked a little ways away.

"I want to know why it is that you treated me so cruelly this morning. And why - and why, Draco - did you say all those things to the witch at the Ministry today. Why was it so easy for you to play your role tonight, hm? Do you think I'm less than you? Only fit to crawl in the dirt like filth?"

Malfoy's teeth bared in a snarl as he rose to his full height, "Why was it so easy for you to do it, then?! Why were you so quick to get down on your knees and follow me around like a familiar? Why was it so easy for you to play into your role all night, hm?"

"It was not easy!" Hermione cried, taking a step back as he advanced on her.

"Yes, it was, Miss 'I want you right now, master.' Your knickers were in a twist for me the moment I called you pet." He came closer, forcing Hermione to stumble backward. "You were just as good at playing the pet as I was playing the master."

"That's not true!" Lie.

"Oh, yes, it certainly is, little witch. I told you to say thank you when you hit a limit, and you said it one time. Your limits are awfully high, don't you think? Therefore, I think it's safe to say you and I waltzed this dance together. You threw yourself into it because you wanted to."

"That. Is. Not. True." Another lie, this time through clenched teeth.

"That is not true, sir."

"Don't use that against me!" Hermione spat out as she continued to back up, shaking her head in warning. "Don't you dare use that against me! I'm sick of you using things against me!"

Hermione's back hit the wall and she gasped, her mind flashing back to every horrible thing that had happened that night. Malfoy's hands in her hair, dragging her along the floor. Gareth licking his lips and looking upon her with lust. Greyback's razor-sharp teeth snapping near her face. Malfoy striking her and telling her he had to do it. Humiliated and degraded in front of a room full of monsters.

She'd never felt weaker.

She slid down to the carpeted floor, her knees pulled to her chest, hands lying prone on the floor beside her hips. Malfoy followed, kneeling down on one knee, his eyes glinting the way they always did when he looked at her now. There was no longer the hint of Malfoy.

It was all Draco.

"We both played our roles tonight, Granger. We both set out to make it believable. I did everything I possibly could to keep you safe. I tried. I made sure to cut everything short, as much as I could, including what happened at the end, toeing the line to make sure they didn't realize we were deceiving them. I challenged him, when I didn't even realize what I was doing - four times. Four times, all to defend you. And even though that makes no fucking sense to you, it makes sense to me. Because you're mine, and I won't let anyone hurt you ever again."

Hermione felt the shame coming from a mile away, building from the depths of her soul and crashing up against the shoddy walls she'd put up to help protect her from this night, from everything that had happened.

She hated that he was right. She hated that she had played her role perfectly, and it had come easy to her because she wanted to do it. In some sick way, she felt comfortable being subservient to Malfoy, subservient to someone that she hardly knew a thing about. Because she couldn't, for the life of her, ever remember another person caring about her so much that he'd risk his friendships and his reputation. That he'd shatter his morals and puncture the fabric of Pureblood society, just to punch someone like Crabbe in the face, or trick Greyback into thinking Hermione belonged to him so he wouldn't touch her. She hated that she felt so much more comfortable with someone who'd spent six years despising her than she did with her own best friends. She hated that she'd thrown herself so much into this something that she never stopped to check if her compassion was gaining her nothing.

And her skin was crawling. It was crawling and no matter how hard she tried to push it away, the memories just kept coming back. They just kept coming even though he'd kept to his word as much as he possibly, physically could. They just kept coming, and then it was tears that were coming, encasing the memories and pushing them out of her body, rejected like poison. Coming and coming and coming, a never ending flow of guilt and shame and sorrow.

Hermione sobbed.

"I mean it, Granger. I mean it. I tried my fucking hardest for you. You're mine, and I'm not letting anyone touch you again," he said.

"Why do you keep saying that? Why do you keep saying that?!"

Hermione lifted her face to look up at him and realized, with a deep wealth of emotion, that she couldn't bear to be apart from him for another second. She pushed herself forward, crawling until her arms were around his neck, continuing to push until he was sitting down on his bottom. And then she climbed into his lap, straddling it, wrapping the entirety of her being around him, legs and arms, burying her face into the side of his neck.

"Why did you keep saying that?" she continued to sob, because she didn't understand how anyone could ever want her to belong to them. She was swotty and she was annoying and she was weak and she was -

Draco's hand came up to tilt her chin upward, his face turning to hers. She viewed him through her tears, gasping for breath and pleading with her eyes for him to make it make sense. To make him caring for her make sense. And he gazed back at her, his jaw set and eyes alight with something that made her feel like crying harder.

"Because," he said, kissing the trail of tears on her right cheek.

"You're," he said, kissing the trail of tears on her left cheek.

"Mine," he said, kissing the tip of her nose.

His lips molded against hers, swallowing her sobs and consuming them, destroying her sadness and filling their space between worlds with the swelling of her heart. She felt her entire body coming alive, the pure desire that threaded through her being sending every bad thought, feeling, or memory flying into the back of her mind. She threw herself into the kiss with gusto, her hands pulling at his jawline beneath his ears, trying to get him as close as possible. She wrapped her legs tighter around his waist on the floor, arching her back into the passionate melting of their tongues against one another's, and sent a desperate plea to Merlin to never let her go another second without feeling Draco's lips upon hers again.

Hermione felt Draco's hands sliding through her hair, cupping the back of her head, and he devoured her. He devoured her and she inhaled him, and they snogged as though the two worlds they existed between were crushing them together, desperate to snuff out the flames that had grown between them over the past three months. And Hermione was his, in that moment. She was completely his, and she never wanted to be anyone else's.

Draco Malfoy was kissing Hermione Granger, and it was everything. It was everything and it was nothing, all rolled up into one big explosion of past loathing and affection and possession and anger and pain and - Draco dragged his hands down to her hips, tilting his head and deepening a kiss that was already deeper than any Hermione could handle. Barely keeping up, Hermione twisted her fingers through his hair, resting her elbows on his shoulders.

1:00am.

Draco's hands went to her shoulders and shoved her back an inch, his chest heaving for oxygen and his eyes scorching her skin. He winced, baring his teeth in an almost snarl. Before Hermione could come soaring back into her body, a loud cracking noise sounded out and Draco's arms lifted her off of his body by the hips.

"Oh, fuck, you . . . You have to . . ." He broke off into a groan that rumbled through his chest. More cracking noises, and then he crawled backward a few feet. His head fell back and his spine arched upward as his it began to visibly shift.

"Draco?" Hermione said, reaching for him. "Draco, what's the matter?"

"I'm turning," he gasped desperately. "I'm turning, Hermione, you have to - fuckin' fuck!"

Draco cried out as his arms began to shift and twist and grow, and he ripped his tie off as fast as he could. He didn't protest as Hermione scrambled forward and began helping him unbutton his shirt, his head falling forward onto her shoulder as she pushed it off of his strained, reddening skin.

And then the flesh on his shoulders and arms began to tear, the skin peeling back, rolling away to reveal bloodied, snow-white fur. Hermione barely managed to keep it together enough to unbuckle his trousers as a wolflike whine released from between his lips, his hair tickling her neck.

"We've got to get your trousers off, Draco," she said in a soothing, shaking voice. "Come on, let's get them off."

Once they were off, Hermione turned her mind off to the sight of him in his pants, to the feeling of his skin slapping against her arms and legs as it shed from his rapidly growing, breaking body. She kept her hand in his hair, holding him kneeling against her as he shuddered and groaned. She was terrified, but she knew from experience that the last thing she needed to do in this situation was panic. He needed her to stay calm.

"Bloody Hell," he whimpered. "Bloody Hell, bloody Hell, bloody Hell."

Hermione's eyes nearly fell out of her skull as his entire back began to tear in multiple places, tufts of fur on a muscled, sinewy back bursting forth as though coming out of a shell. He screamed so loud her ears rang, and she heard the sound of scraping wood as he dug his claws into the floor by her hips. Her heart pounded faster. She knew the second he turned fully she was in danger, but he was in so much pain. He was a magical creature. He was Draco, and she couldn't just leave him.

"I'm gonna fucking -" was all he had time to say before he tore himself away from her and vomited bile all over the floor beside her. She quickly whirled around and wrapped her arm around his head, brushing his hair back.

"It's okay, Draco," she soothed, emotion thickening and cracking her voice. "I-It's okay, it-it's okay."

He sagged against her on his side, and she slipped her other hand up to wipe his tears as bone after bone broke in his body, morphing and turning him into the wolf that lurked inside of him. How had he endured this alone in October? How had he made it through this without saying anything to anyone?

Hermione was never letting it happen again.

"Draco, what do I do? How can I help?" Hermione hovered over his trembling body, continually casting wandless numbing charms on his body. But he didn't answer her. He was too far gone to the pain.

His back cracked and broke again, the spine twisting beneath the fur, growing larger. The skin on his hands peeled back like the skin of a fruit, curling away from muscular, fur-covered hands and long, deadly claws. The flesh of his thighs and calves began to thicken and split, becoming the same legs that Hermione had seen on Greyback.

"It hurts," Draco sobbed, his body convulsing and shivering. "It hurts."

Hermione felt her heart breaking in two. She'd never heard anyone in this much pain, not even Ron when he'd been splinched. It was awful. She felt more than helpless. He needed her and she couldn't even do anything. She felt her own tears beginning to fall, and she forced herself not to break down, knowing that she wouldn't do any good to him if she were a mess.

"It's all right," she cooed, pressing her forehead to his hair at the back of his head. "I'm here. I'm not leaving. It's all right."

"Please leave, Hermione," he begged through his tears. Another scream ripped from the depths of his throat as the flesh on his legs continued to slough off. "You have to leave. Please, please leave."

"Blaise!" Hermione screamed, clutching Draco tighter as another wave of agony and cracking bones roared through his body. "Blaise, help me! Blaise!"

"Forgive me," Draco's voice sounded strangled, anguish apparent as he lifted his head to look at her. His eyes were completely silver, as silver as pure titanium. "Forgive me. Just please leave. I don't want to hurt you. Please, Hermione."

Hermione cupped his face between her hands. His skin was heated, feverish. "Draco, I -"

"Please."

"I'm not leaving!"

"Merlin, fuck, please just get the fuck out of here!" he shouted angrily, desperation painting lines in his face.

But the time for escape had passed.

Draco threw himself away from her, on hands and knees as his entire head began to change. He screamed again as his skull cracked and burst open, the pointed ears of a wolf jutting up from within. His nose and mouth elongated, becoming a snout and a set of strong jaws full of razor-sharp teeth. Hermione shrieked and scrambled backward on all fours as the last of the transformation completed and she lay cowering beneath a wolf that was every bit as big as Greyback's wolf, with pure white fur stained red from his blood. He whipped around, his tail twitching, and then he snarled viciously.

"Draco. Draco," Hermione begged frantically, screaming as his jaws clamped down around the hem of her dress, yanking her below him. "Draco, please! It's me! It's me!"

Draco's wolf opened its mouth, threw its head back, and let out a resounding howl. Hermione rolled onto her stomach and accioed her wand from the vanity, then rolled back over and pointed it at his underbelly.

"Stupefy!" she cried, sending him flying backwards to hit the wall.

"Whoa, what the - Bloody Hell, Hermione!"

Hermione felt hands gripping her under the arms and hauling her to her feet. Blaise shoved her behind him, pointing his wand at Draco's wolf as it advanced on them. From behind him, Hermione brandished her wand, as well.

"So he's a wolf, then, yeah?" Blaise said, the two of them slowly backing toward the open door.

"Amongst other things," Hermione said with a tremulous voice.

"Right. Well, together then?"

"Right."

Simultaneously, Hermione and Blaise twirled their wands and screamed, "Stupefy!"

Twin red sparks shot out from the ends of their wands, and Draco crashed against the wall again. He growled and shook his fur out, his gargantuan head swiveling around to snarl at them. He licked his chops with hunger and his eyes glowed with rage.

"That'sthebiggestwerewolfI'veeverseen," Blaise squeaked out as Hermione sent as many defense spells as possible towards Draco, pushing him back further and further.

"Second biggest for me," she said. "Let's get out of here. We need to lock him in."

Blaise cast another stupefy, and then the two of them dashed out the door. He yanked Hermione bodily out of the room by her arm, and she cried out as his fingers pressed into one of her whip wounds. Hermione spun around, her eyes going wide as Draco's wolf pounced towards the doorway. Blaise waved his wand and the door slammed shut just as the wolf's great body smashed into it, rattling the wood in its casing.

"Colloportus!" Hermione cried, along with a slew of other spells she knew that would keep him inside and away from that door.

"He's a werewolf?" Blaise panted, sliding his wand into his back pocket. "But I thought he drank blood?"

"We don't know what exactly he is," Hermione replied. "But now we know more. We finally have a place to start."

She sank to the floor, conscious of Draco's blood soaking her dress, staining her arms, chest, and face, and rested her forehead against the door. This wasn't what she'd expected out of tonight, but she still felt stupid. She'd discovered he was partly a werewolf not two hours before. How could she not have realized that he likely had a specific time when he would be turning? The argument with Crabbe in the common room had happened around 1:00am, too. And the time when Draco had told her not to speak to him again, and then asked her to lock him into his dorm - that had been around 1:00am, too.

He was never going through this alone again. Next time, they would be prepared.

"What do we do now?" Blaise asked, breathless from their escape.

"We wait until morning," Hermione said softly, placing her hands against the quiet door. "And then we take care of him."

". . . Narcissa's going to be rather fond of you, Granger."



 

Invisible


California by Anavae, Outsiders by Au/Ra, and War of Hearts by Ruelle

Draco POV

When Draco was nine, his magic presented for the first time.

It was quite the affair, with his parents each showing their pride in their own ways. Lucius gifted Draco with an emerald and silver Slytherin broach, telling him to hold onto it until graduation. His mother immediately set to planning a party, treating it as though it were more important than a birthday, and somewhat less important than Christmas. Dobby celebrated in his own way, sneaking a cupcake up from the kitchens to give to him when they both knew Draco wasn't allowed to have sugar unless it was a special occasion.

But for some reason, the only thing he remembered was that his magic had exploded out of him and caused the horse trough to explode, and he felt guilty. His favorite Abraxan, Dragon, ended up with a shattered leg, and Draco hadn't been able to get the sounds of his pained whinnies out of his head for months. Dobby had been able to heal him right up, but it didn't change the fact that the entire time his party was going on, Draco was gazing out the windows towards the direction of the stables. A ten-year-old Blaise had been chattering his ear off about some troll his father battled, but Draco only thought of Dragon. Draco still had the broach, but it was tucked away in someplace hidden until he forgot what the horse's scream sounded like.

When Draco awoke the morning after the Revel, he heard Hermione's screams in his head, and he didn't think he'd ever forget what those sounded like.

Guilt. Shame. Those were strong emotions. Strong emotions that had always been the first ones to shatter his walls, no matter what the situation. Now that he couldn't use Occlumency anymore, it seemed he was constantly drifting along, being buffeted back and forth between the two in a way that he feared would never end. Guilt over the way he'd been forced to hurt Granger. Shame over his inability to challenge the alpha and win. Guilt over the way he'd been accepting Granger's blood to keep him alive. Shame over accepting it without giving her anything in return, which was so unSlytherin, he almost thought the Sorting Hat made a mistake all those years ago. Guilt over the insolent, selfish prick he'd been since he was eleven. Shame over the way he'd made sure Second Year Granger couldn't round the corners of the halls of Hogwarts without worrying he might accost her with his lackeys.

He even felt guilty about the kiss. Merlin knows he'd wanted to do it for weeks, but . . . He'd taken advantage of her in a low moment. He'd gotten swept up in the guilt, the shame, and the vulnerability of two people who didn't know what the Hell they were doing.

Draco had been to Voldemort's Revels. He'd known how bad they could be, but he'd been foolish and thought Greyback and a few former (or current) Death Eaters would be less dangerous. He'd thought he could handle them as long as he made them believe he was on their side, and that Granger was off-limits.

He hadn't accounted for the power that Greyback had. He hadn't even known what an alpha or a beta was until the Revel. He'd been blindsided by Greyback's presence and the revelation that he owned half of Draco's father's company. He remembered when they'd discussed the missing 1.7% in the budget, how he'd looked into Greyback's eyes and sort of . . . Pushed his magic outward toward him. It wasn't intentional, it just seemed like his wolf knew Greyback was lying about something, and Draco wanted him to know he knew.

But then Greyback's magic had pushed right back, like a tidal wave, and forced Draco to lower his eyes. Draco had tried multiple times after that to keep Greyback's magic from overwhelming him, but he failed every single time. With the final challenge in the Drawing Room, Draco knew that if he was able to use his magic to push Greyback's back, then he would be able to control him. And Merlin, had he tried. He knew that things were devolving, getting more feral, and he knew that if he didn't fight back, then Granger was going to find out the truth about what a Revel really was.

The nightmare had just gotten worse and worse, until it could only be considered living Hell. Draco had been forced to fall so far into his Death Eater role that he'd scared himself part of the time, and when Granger had slapped him, he knew he deserved much more than the flat of her palm. He deserved the full rage of the Gryffindor lioness, and nothing less.

He'd never seen Granger looking so terrified. She was barely hanging in there all night, her only tether to safety being him and her ability to follow orders. But she wasn't perfect, and neither was he. She'd slipped up, risking everything, and he hadn't had any other choice but to make it look genuine and whip her. He hated himself for it. He hated himself for finding it easy to sink to that level without any form of hesitation. He hated himself for their past, for being okay with hurting her if it meant saving her life.

Draco couldn't deny that last night, during their argument, Granger had been at least somewhat right. It was too easy to treat her like his property. Calling her "Mudblood," demanding that she crawl like a familiar, when she'd knelt on the floor and said "Yes, Master," and watching her follow absurd orders without question was unsettling. It showed him that there was a dark part of himself that he might not ever be able to shed. A part that might end up hurting Granger if he couldn't get his magic under control.

He felt horrible for having kissed her not only because she was vulnerable, but because he couldn't tell if he was still playing the role when he did it. Feeling her body against his, their tongues melting together, his hands in her hair, her legs wrapped around him . . . It had felt real, and yet it hadn't. Because she was Hermione Granger, and he was who he was, and he didn't think he'd ever given her a real smile before. Yet there he was, snogging her with every intention of using his mouth to erase everything that happened to her that night. And there she was, snogging him back with the obvious desire to drown in him so she could forget, even though she was angry with him and blamed him for everything.

But she wasn't as clever as she pretended to be, because he'd told her he cared about her - yelled it, really - and she'd completely missed it.

Not that it mattered. He was utterly and completely devoid of value compared to her. For her to truly feel anything for him beyond what his magic was obviously forcing him to feel would be about as likely as the wizarding world giving his father a full pardon. And if she knew the truth about him - the truth about who he was in Seventh Year, and what he'd done under Voldemort's control - then she never would have kissed him. She wouldn't be so willing to obey his every word.

After what Greyback had forced her to be subjected to on the chaise, where Draco had failed to fight back, he wasn't sure they could ever come back from it. How could she ever forgive him for whipping her like that?

He'd watched the panic and fear mingling in the lines of her face, and he'd realized that he had two bad options: watch as she inevitably couldn't do it and ended up a victim to the pack while Greyback used the alpha magic to keep Draco trapped, or involve himself in the way he thought would sell their ruse the best. He'd known he should have at least attempted to challenge Greyback again, but he knew the outcome would be disastrous. There would inevitably be a loss on Draco's part, after four failed previous challenges, and then what small amount of trust Greyback had in them would have disintegrated. He would have hurt them both.

Still, he hadn't even tried.

Draco didn't know what he deserved, but it certainly wasn't her.

Upon awakening, the first thought he had was that his entire body hurt like a bitch. It felt like he'd been carried to the heights of the Hogwarts Quidditch Pitch and dropped.

Then, he recalled the transformation. He'd been snogging Granger and he'd felt his magic starting to boil up, rising to the surface, so he'd pulled himself away from her. He'd started turning, then, and all he could think about at that moment was how badly it hurt and how desperate he was to make her leave. They'd all done enough essays on werewolves to know they were dangerous, and he couldn't understand why she refused to fucking leave.

But then the agony took over and her hands were on him, her soothing words in his ears, and she was helping him. In spite of what he'd done to her that night, she was helping him, and that made him hate himself more.

What if she didn't leave in time? What if he hurt her with claws and teeth, mauling her and repaying her compassion with death? His heart felt like it was breaking, shattering, falling into flames, and she didn't even realize it. She didn't even realize how much he needed her during his first full moon, and she didn't realize how fortunate he was to have her there. She didn't realize how much he hated himself for everything wrong he'd ever done, especially to her.

If it weren't for his desire to stay conscious of her safety for as long as possible, the pain would have forced him into unconsciousness, like it had the first time. But he'd drawn on every last bit of strength he had in his body to keep his mind present, and he'd begged her to leave. To just go. But she was stubborn. Too stubborn. And then everything after that was black.

Draco sat up completely nude, staring around in muted horror at the state of the room that was Granger's. The bed was torn to shreds, feathery down and satin fabric tossed about haphazardly. The vanity was in pieces, glass shards from the broken mirror strewn about. The chiffarobe was toppled and broken, clothes strewn all over, and the dresser had been obliterated. There were deep gouges in the walls from his claws and cracks running from floor to ceiling on every wall. If it weren't for the Manor having windows impervious to shattering, the pane likely would have shattered and his wolf would have escaped.

His eyes fell to the ground, to his wand, and he saw to his horror that it was broken. Multiple pieces, as though his wolf had chewed it up and spat it back out. Draco held up one of the pieces and looked at it. As if it hadn't been hard enough to get Ollivander to agree to provide him with a new wand the second time, now he was going to have to try and get a third one.

That's when he started panicking. Because he'd made Granger crawl and called her Mudblood and hit her and spanked her so hard she probably would be limping for days. He'd whipped her numerous times and given her too many slash wounds to count. He'd humiliated her. He'd allowed her to be humiliated.

She'd told him that she wanted to fill him up with so many good things that he wouldn't be able to hide the truth that he was falling apart. But he didn't deserve it. He deserved to fall into ruin, and she deserved to expulso the pieces he left behind. His wand was broken because of his own faults and he didn't deserve to have one.

Where was she? What if he'd hurt her after he turned? What if the blackness in his memory was full of her blood? None of these things were forgivable. None of them, in his opinion, were forgivable, and if he knew that it wouldn't leave her open to endangerment, he'd open his window and jump out of it right then.

Draco pulled his knees to his chest and tangled his hands in his hair, gasping for breath as he tried to figure out how he was going to look her in the eyes, knowing how he'd treated her. He'd flogged her like a 19th century thief, and all because he'd allowed her to be put into a situation where she had no choice.

It didn't matter if she'd insisted on attending. He should have used petrificus totalus and sent her through the Floo. He should have accepted whatever punishment he received from Greyback for not bringing her to the Revel. He should have tried harder, done more, been stronger . . . Just like when she'd been tortured on the floor of the Drawing Room by his aunt, he should have done more.

But even he knew he wouldn't have been able to do anything other than try and convince her. The alpha had told him to bring her - he'd had no choice. The choice would've been hers and hers alone.

The door slowly creaked open.

"Mate? It's me - it's Blaise. All right?"

"I'm fine," Draco said darkly, sucking in his emotional turmoil and locking it away as best he could without Occlumency. "I need clothes."

"Can't you just use your -"

"Broken. Just get me some clothes."

"Shite."

A few moments later, Blaise was standing beside him, holding out a pile of fabric. Draco refused to look up, snatching them from his friend's outstretched hand. Blaise let out a low whistle.

"Really did a number on her room, yeah?"

"Clearly," Draco muttered as he pulled on the grey trackie bottoms Blaise had grabbed for him. "So I'm guessing you know, then?"

"Yes," Blaise said. "And you're proper . . . Large for a werewolf."

"So I turned fully?"

"What d'you mean?"

"I've only turned once before, and it wasn't my entire body. Only half of my wolf made it out of the shell . . . So I turned into a full wolf this time?"

"Yeah," Blaise replied. "White fur and silver eyes, huge, snapping teeth. The whole Quidditch game."

Draco frowned. He'd thought perhaps something was wrong with him, but now he knew that he could turn into a full wolf. But how? And why had it not worked the first time?

Then, Draco stood and turned to his fellow Slytherin, rubbing the back of his neck as he hung his head.

"Where is she?"

"Hallway. Fell asleep with her head against the door."

Draco's gaze darted past him, to the cracked door, and then back to the floor. A pang of guilt and affection shot through him. "On the floor?"

Blaise nodded. "I transfigured something into a bed for her, though. She was comfortable."

"Good," Draco murmured. He looked at him for a long moment, not saying anything as he tried to figure out how to approach his apology. He was Draco and he was not one to say the word "sorry." Even when he knew he really should. Every time he tried, the shame overwhelmed him and trapped the words in his throat.

"I could have helped," Blaise said, his brow furrowed as he leveled his gaze with Draco's.

"I know."

"I don't want to know what happened," Blaise said. "But I can promise you she's unlikely to forget a lick of it."

"I know."

"We should have forced her to go back to Hogwarts."

". . . I know."

"I know at the beginning of the year I said that I had no interest in protecting her . . . But that's changed. We're acquainted. Dare I say, friendly. And this type of thing can't happen again, yeah?"

Draco averted his eyes to the wall beyond him. He felt his wolf narrowing its eyes at Blaise, but Draco was much too chagrined to be jealous. He had no right to be jealous, not when Blaise was correct.

"Don't you think I know that, too?" Draco snapped, glaring at the floor. "I don't plan to allow it to happen again. I didn't want it to happen in the first place."

"You knew what the Hell a Revel was. Why would you agree to it?"

"I didn't have a choice."

"You always have a -"

"I did not have a choice, Zabini!" Draco shouted. "I'm a werewolf. Greyback is an alpha. He's the alpha. There's . . . Magic, or - or - something that he does that just . . . It gets inside me, and then I can't do anything."

"What?" Blaise looked perplexed.

"I mean that I tried to challenge him, but he's more powerful than me. He made me do things I didn't want to do, stopped me from helping her. I -"

"I'm stopping you right there," Blaise growled and his hand shot out to grip Draco's shoulder tightly. He pointed at him and looked him directly in the eye. "This is extremely important. She made it very clear to me that this is a fear of hers. Did you or anyone else violate her?"

Draco felt rage bubbling up within himself. Because no, he didn't, but what he did was, in his opinion, just as bad. The fact that he'd lost the alpha challenge only served to fill him with more fear. What if Greyback used the alpha magic to force him to hurt her again sometime in the future?

"What are you on about?"

"I said, did you . . . Or anyone else . . . Rape her?" Blaise's eyes were aflame with a warning.

"No, Blaise!" Draco cried, shoving his hand off of his shoulder. He wanted to say more, to say that he would never let anyone hurt her, that he would kill anyone who harmed a hair on her head, but he couldn't. Because that's exactly what he'd done last night: he let her get hurt. He narrowed his eyes. "When did you two discuss something like that?"

"Yesterday afternoon, before the Revel. I approached her in the Drawing Room because I didn't think you were telling her everything she needed to know. You have a tendency to bottle things up, if Sixth Year is of any indication." Blaise snorted.

"Thanks for that vote of confidence, arsehole." Then, he felt the guilt rising up again. That meant that she asked him after their incident in the Drawing Room after returning from the Ministry. He remembered that moment too vividly. He'd felt so guilty the entire time, as she screamed and struggled, but he believed she needed to understand the gravity of the decision she was making. She had no idea what Voldemort was truly like, so she had to have had no idea what she was agreeing to by insisting that she attend the dinner.

Then, audible only to Draco's enhanced hearing, he heard Granger make a small sound in the hallway. Without a second look to Blaise, Draco rushed out of the room. There was an extravagant bed in the hall, which would likely have given Narcissa an interior decorating coronary if she saw it, and it very much appeared slept in. Granger sat on the edge of it, still wearing the ripped, blood-stained gown from the night before, and her hair was a frizzled mass of curls. Due to the dress having a low, corseted back and thin straps, he could see the extent of her wounds. The fang marks on her neck were still there, too, though he was glad they weren't bleeding.

His heart sank. This was his fault.

"I apologize," she said sleepily as she stood, "if I woke you, I just . . . I was in a lot of pain."

Her knees gave out, and Draco flashed forward to catch her, his hands wrapping around her waist and hers landing flat on his chest. Her head tilted up and her eyes searched his.

"I'm quite . . . Faint," was all she said before her eyelids fluttered shut.

Draco shifted into action quickly, lifting her and swinging his arm underneath her legs. He called for Blaise, and then due to the fact that Granger's room was in shambles, the two men entered Draco's bedroom. Draco barely tossed a quick glance around the black wood and emerald-colored decor, heading straight for his king-sized bed. Blaise darted forward and pulled the black fleece coverlet down, revealing green satin sheets, and then Draco laid Granger down on it.

"She looks right done over, Drake," Blaise said in a low tone. "She needs -"

"I know what she needs," Draco practically snarled, filled with ire that was directed towards himself and not Blaise. "Stay here with her, and I'll be back."

Blaise conjured up a chair and took his seat, and then Draco left the room. He headed a few rooms down, to the family's potions room, and began gathering up the things he thought he might need. He grabbed a vial of Dreamless Sleep, a bottle of Draught of Peace, a tube of Pepper-up potion, and a dropper of Essence of Dittany.

He went to grab a special Dittany-based cream for her bruises, but to his dismay, there was none on the shelves. He might have to go get some. He didn't even care that normally he'd use his wand to levitate them all, nor that three months ago, were he in this situation, he wouldn't have given a flying Snitch if she was hurt. And if for some reason he did, he wouldn't go out and get the cream himself, he'd likely just send for it. But now, he simply balanced the products in his arms and headed back towards the room, planning on going straight to Diagon Alley afterward.

He knew he was supposed to go to his father's company, but there was no way that was happening after the events of the previous night. Whether it looked suspicious to them or not, he'd send them a letter and reschedule for a time during Winter holiday. The chance of Greyback being there was too high.

"Master!" Tinky popped into being before him, forcing him to skid to a halt. "Is Master all right now?!"

"Master is fine," Draco said breathlessly, having been startled by her sudden appearance. "How is Tinky?"

"Oh, thank Merlin!" Tinky burst into tears and threw her arms around Draco's leg. "Tinky was so worried last night, and wasn't sure if you were going to be all right. But Tinky followed the rules! Tinky stayed in her room until the . . . Guests left."

"I'm all right, Tinky, thank you," Draco said as calmly as he could under the circumstances. "I'm so proud of you for staying in your room. Can you do some things for me?"

"Anything, Master! Tinky just wants to help as much as she can!" The elf beamed up at him.

"I need you to restore the design and furniture of Hermione's room," Draco said, feeling a bit strange with how comfortable he was becoming using Granger's first name. "And then the Drawing Room, I . . . How does it look?"

"Sir Zabini and some of his elves took care of it," Tinky said, her smile fading a bit.

"Ah, brilliant," Draco breathed, and then he started back to his room.

"Master, wait!" Tinky cried. "What about the Dining Room?"

Draco paled when he recalled what had occurred there, the death of Enicto's slave. It had been extremely difficult for him to hold himself back from the blood, especially with the copious amounts of it that there was. If it weren't for Granger's song - that song - he probably would have launched himself onto the table.

"Clean it up," he said carefully. "Destroy everything. And the . . . Body, just . . ."

"Tinky knows what to do," Tinky said quickly, her little legs pumping as she made a dash for the stairs. Over her shoulder, she called, "Tinky will make sure she gets a proper burial!"

Relieved at the loyalty of the elf, Draco rushed back into his room. Blaise was still seated in his chair, his elbows resting on his thighs, his fingers laced together, and his wand put away. Draco entered and placed the things in his hands on the bedside table.

"She's going to need something else," Draco said. "Something we're out of. I need to go to Diagon Alley."

"Can't you simply send for it? I can send one of my House Elves."

"No," Draco said quickly. "No, I need to do this. I need to be the one to . . . It's my - I just need to do it, okay?"

Blaise eyed him for a second and then nodded. "All right. Shall I stay here while you go?"

"Yes," Draco said, and then he went to his closet. He walked through it, shoving hangers aside and grabbed a black button-up, tie, and trousers. He hated not having his wand; he would have been dressed in less than two seconds if he had it. He wouldn't want to waste time at Ollivander's today, so he was going to have to try and send the old man a letter.

Grumbling to himself, he went to his bathroom and began the frustrating process of brushing his own teeth and combing his own hair.

"Mate?"

Draco poked his head back out, his eyebrows raised and mouth full of toothbrush and paste, and then saw Blaise gesturing to Granger.

She was awake.

"Shite," Draco cursed, and then hurried to spit into the sink. He felt like each second took too long and not long enough at the same time. He wanted to see if she was all right, but he knew that she wasn't. That made him feel ill.

He rushed back out to the bed, not even thinking twice as he sat down on the edge of it. Granger was sitting up, her legs beneath the comforter, and she looked unhappy. He could see the little wounds all over her front from the whip, and it made him want to confringo himself.

Draco placed his hands on his knees and then glared at the floor. He didn't know what to say.

Granger bit her lower lip, at a loss for words as well. She glanced to her right, to the bottles and vials on the table. She lifted one up.

"Essence of Dittany," she said. "I had to use this when Ron got splinched once. It's expensive."

"The Weasel got splinched?" Blaise asked, coming to stand by the bed with his hands on his hips. He was grinning, but it didn't quite eradicate the concern in his eyes. "Do tell."

"It was . . ." Granger trailed off, and a faraway look entered her eyes. She placed the dropper back on the table. "We went to the Ministry to get something, and we had to run from Snatchers on the way out. I Apparated us multiple times, and Ron got splinched. I used Essence of Dittany to heal him."

"Clever," Draco murmured, and then he glanced at her. "And it's expensive because it's rare. Each dittany leaf only produces one drop."

She looked at him, and it felt like he was drowning under the weight of her gaze. Then, her lips twitched. "It's quite rare, as well. Denmark is the only place you can find that plant in the wild."

"Well," Draco huffed, propping his chin on his palm, "My mother lives in Denmark. Perhaps she can send us some."

"Oh, that wouldn't work. Dittany loses its magical properties when cut. You have to siphon the essence out with a wand while it's still rooted to the ground."

"You simply know everything, don't you, Granger?" Blaise asked with a chuckle.

"Swot," Draco threw in with a bit of a smirk.

"I simply make it a point to know all aspects of potionmaking," Granger huffed, leaning back against the pillows. "If I'm to make them after Hogwarts, of course."

"I'm surprised," Blaise said. "I would have thought you'd go down a Ministry career path."

"Yes, well . . ." She ran her fingers through her wild hair, tousling it. "That's what I wanted before. After the war, I found that my desires had changed."

Draco studied her face, recalling the argument the night before, when she'd mentioned needing to help her parents. He'd been trying to tell her that he could help her with anything potion-related, but since she was so angry, he hadn't been able to gain a chance to say it. They'd both been rather emotional the previous night.

He wondered if she was still thinking about their kiss, and if it had meant anything to her beyond an attempt to gain comfort in a lachrymose moment.

"I'll speak to my mother nonetheless," Draco said. "Perhaps they sell more amounts of it -"

"They do," Granger interrupted. "In . . . In Denmark. Copenhagen, specifically. There's a shop. A potion maker. He . . . He sells it in a more accessible manner than here in London."

Blaise and Draco exchanged glances.

"Swot," they said simultaneously.

Granger ducked her head to hide a smile. "Yes, well . . . I won't apologize for knowing information. After all, I'm me, aren't I?"

There was a bit of silence for a moment, and then Blaise cleared his throat.

"So the . . . The bruises you've got look proper bad," he said to Granger, and then he shot Draco a pointed look. "Are you sure you don't want me to go to Diagon Alley for you instead, mate?"

"Diagon Alley?" Granger frowned. "What for?"

"A cream," Draco replied. "It's Dittany-based. They've got it in Diagon Alley. It's made of -"

"Crushed Dittany leaves," Granger said matter-of-factly. "Once the essence has been siphoned from the leaves, there's a charm you can use to instantly crush them into a paste, without ever having to pull the plant from the ground. Cream of Dittany. It's not as potent as Essence of Dittany, but it can be used for minor aches and pains, or to encourage deep-muscle and tissue healing."

Blaise began to laugh, and he continued to laugh until he had to wipe tears out of the corners of his eyes. Draco turned his head to hide a chuckle of his own. Granger was predictable and utterly herself, even when she was covered in cuts and bruises. When he turned back to her, she rolled her eyes.

"Honestly," she said. "I'm only keeping you informed."

Another awkward silence settled over the trio, and Draco felt his anxiety returning. He had no idea how they were going to move forward, no inkling as to what she was thinking, and no clue who he was anymore.

It was clear that things felt irreparable. Draco didn't know how one was supposed to come back from situations like the ones they had been through. How do you go to class with someone who made you crawl and call him Master? How do you eat breakfast in the Great Hall at the same table as the boy who struck you and whipped you because an alpha werewolf forced him to do it? How do you attain any sort of semblance of normalcy with the man who wasn't strong enough to keep you safe from that same werewolf?

He didn't think they could, and he felt wrong for even sitting on the edge of her bed.

So he stood up, slipping his hands into the pockets of his bottoms.

"I'll come with you, mate," Blaise suddenly said. "To get the medicine."

"Someone should stay here," Draco said, shaking his head.

"I'll be all right," Granger said, her eyes darting back and forth between the two of them. "Tinky is here, and so are Blaise's House Elves, right?"

Draco opened his mouth, feeling reluctant, but then he realized it was best. Granger would likely feel much more comfortable around Tinky than Blaise. Not that Blaise was untrustworthy, but something inside of Draco's mind told him being alone with male company was not what Granger needed right now.

"All right," he said, and then he called for Tinky. The elf appeared in a snap, with a handkerchief wrapped around her head, a blue dress on, and a white apron wrapped around it. Draco's eyes lingered on the blood staining the apron, and he hoped Granger didn't notice.

"Yes, Master?" Tinky said brightly.

"Blaise and I need to step out for a while. Can you watch over Miss Granger while we're gone and make sure that no guests come in through the Floo?"

"Tinky would be honored, Master," she said, smiling. Then, she turned and saw the potions on the bedside table. "Should Tinky help the miss with the -"

"No, it's all right!" Granger said, sitting up a bit higher on the bed. "Honestly, Draco, I can . . ."

She trailed off, and Draco's eyes studied her. Had her usage of his name been a slip of the tongue? Or intentional? Why did it just make him feel even guiltier? And Granger was looking right back at him, eyes as wide as bludgers and it felt like lightning bolts of tension were being pulled tighter and tighter between the two of them. Draco felt like he couldn't breathe.

"Let's head out, yeah?" Blaise interrupted the silence with a smile and a pat to Draco's back. "It's almost noon; we should get back in time for lunch if we go now."

Draco nodded and ripped his eyes away from Granger. "Tinky, help her with whatever she needs."

"And the Dining Hall?" Tinky asked. "Tinky should finish it first or later?"

Draco snuck a quick glance to Granger. She was staring at the comforter.

"Finish it first. And quickly," Draco said, and then he followed Blaise out.

Draco didn't realize his palms were sweating until they got to the Drawing Room. He felt a huge weight lifting off of his shoulders as they made their way through the room. It looked clean and completely normal, but he couldn't stop the nausea that rolled over his skin. He remembered every single thing that had happened the night before, remembered where Granger's body landed when he slapped her, where the severed head of the Muggle-born had rolled to, even the places where Greyback's claws clicked back and forth on the stone. And as they passed the chaise, he snapped his fingers to get Blaise's attention.

"Yeah?" Blaise paused at the Floo.

"Burn that," Draco said, pointing to the loveseat. "Now."

Blaise narrowed his eyes, confused, and then pulled out his wand. "Are you certain, or have you gone mental? That's the couch she was head over broom for."

"And now I want it burnt," Draco said through gritted teeth, still pointing. "I'll get her another one. Just burn it, and let's go."

He stood there, waiting, and then Blaise leveled the wand at the loveseat.

"Incendio," Blaise whispered, his eyes regarding Draco warily. He said nothing, thankfully, and Draco knew it was because he didn't want to know what happened at the Revel.

When the chaise was well and truly burnt, Blaise put out the flames, and then grabbed Draco's arm as he passed by him.

"Do you know what you're doing here, Draco?"

Draco looked at him, wondering what he meant, and when their eyes met and Blaise cocked one eyebrow, he knew exactly what his fellow Slytherin was trying to say. Blaise knew that this situationship with Granger went far, far beyond "I think she's fit," and strayed into a territory that Draco knew there'd be no coming back from. Because even though they'd been playing roles the previous night, Draco knew that their argument wouldn't have been so explosive the night before if there weren't some truth to the dynamic they were playing.

He let his guard down for a moment, let his shoulders sag.

"I haven't the slightest clue."

The trip to Diagon Alley was uneventful, to say the least. The Apothecary was located in the North Side of the alley, which wasn't exactly a side full of Malfoy family lovers, so Blaise had his work cut out for him keeping the unwell wishers away. Draco didn't care, though. He felt he deserved every insult they hurled his way. After the Revel, he was just as bad as what the people were saying. He truly believed he was just as bad as the Dark Lord, and it didn't matter that he was here to get something that would help Granger. It was a drop in the bucket, and it would take him the rest of his life to even inch his way onto the lower rung of the ladder to being worthy of the Golden Girl.

When he got to the Apothecary, Draco was not pleased with the amount of enhancement his supernatural sense of smell awarded him. The stench was horrid, so he paused near the entrance to gain his bearings. Blaise strode ahead of him to ask for the Cream of Dittany, and Draco's eyes caught sight of something.

Wolfsbane Potion. It was locked in a glass case and provided in vials of a few liters. Draco looked at it curiously, going over the benefits in his mind. It could help him control the anger and mood swings, in addition to helping with the actual full moon cycle and delaying the transformations.

The vials were a price that to him, was nothing, but to the general population, exorbitantly priced. If he remembered correctly, his werewolf essay in September had been focused on the disadvantages of being a werewolf. One of those disadvantages was the Ministry's wage cap. How were werewolves supposed to work normal jobs if they had to spend nearly half of their month's wages on one day's worth?

They're not, he thought angrily. They don't want us to.

He paused. Us. It was the first time he'd subconsciously embraced what he was. Rather, what part of him was. There was still the matter of the blood consumption, as well as the lust . . .

"Got the Dittany," Blaise said, tossing the container up into the air and catching it with one hand before slipping it into the pouch the worker provided him with. "Don't worry - I charged it in your name so Granger doesn't think you're a complete knob."

Draco ignored the joke, his focus entirely on the Wolfsbane vials. "I think I ought to purchase one of these."

"One day's worth?" Blaise grimaced. "I suppose you could save it and use it for an emergency day?"

"No," Draco murmured, caressing his chin, lost in thought. "I want to take it home and break it down. I want to study its components and see if there's anything I can do to make more."

"Well, it's not hidden knowledge," Blaise said. "Just check your book at school."

"No, I mean substitutions," Draco said, waving a dismissive hand. "Besides, the ingredients for Wolfsbane aren't accessible to the general public. The Ministry has a monopoly on Wolfsbane. In fact, I'm sure it's illegal to brew it at home."

"You are correct, Mr. Draco Malfoy."

Draco and Blaise turned to see the worker from behind the counter standing beside them, peeking over the rims of his glasses at them. He had his arms crossed and a stern look upon his face.

"Wolfsbane Potion is only available for purchase, and the ingredients are not available in any apothecary in the entirety of Europe. If anyone is caught with the ingredients while traveling into or around the continent, it's grounds for immediate arrest and a mandatory sentence in Azkaban," the elderly man said.

"Seems like an awful lot of trouble for the Ministry to go through just to keep some wolves in line," Blaise said, scratching the top of his head. "Wouldn't they rather keep them docile and safe by providing them with the potion for free or low cost?"

"And lose the ability to control them in all other areas?" Draco snorted. "Not likely. The Wolfsbane is the foundation. The laws, the asset control, the wage caps . . . That's what's built on top of it."

"Seems proper dark, if you ask me," Blaise muttered.

"Can I purchase a vial or two of it?" Draco asked.

"And what would you need it for?" The man seemed suspicious.

"School project," Blaise and Draco said at the same time.

"Hm," the clerk said. "Unfortunately, Wolfsbane Potion can only be purchased by werewolves who are registered with the Ministry. I would think that your professor would have informed you of this before assigning a school project centered around it."

"Right," Blaise said, and he exchanged glances with Draco. "Well, in any case, thank you for the Cream of Dittany."

The store worker nodded slowly, but he hadn't taken his eyes off of Draco.

"Tired, Mr. Malfoy?" he asked. "We've got potions for that."

Draco felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up as he recalled how lethargic he'd felt on the final day of the last full moon cycle. Even right then, he could feel the exhaustion lingering on the edges of his psyche, but he was too concerned about Granger to stop and take a break. He had the sneaking suspicion that this elderly shop worker was sharper than he looked. Draco slipped his hands into the pockets of his trousers.

"Not in the slightest," he answered the clerk. "But thank you for inquiring."

The man stared at him for a half of a moment and then he relaxed into a too-easy smile. "You're most welcome, Mr. Malfoy. Is there anything else I can get for you? Perhaps something for mood swings? I've heard things can get a little wonky for some wizards around this time of year."

Draco felt his wolf stirring, beginning to snarl. This guy was too on the nose. He definitely was no Slytherin.

"No," he said smoothly. "That'll be quite all right."

Blaise, catching on to the tension, held out his hand to the elderly man. "We must be going, then. Until next time?"

The elderly man slowly shook Blaise's hand, but neither he nor Draco averted their eyes from one another. "Until next time, indeed."

"Well . . ." Blaise said as he turned to go ahead of Draco. "Cheers!"

Draco paused at the door. This man . . . He was no friend of his family's. He knew that for certain. Draco's family was and always had been experienced potions masters. Between Lucius and Narcissa's skills in the potions laboratory and his godfather Snape's proficiencies, Draco never needed to buy supplies at the Apothecary for Hogwarts. Draco could imagine that would put a sour taste in the apothecary owner's tea.

"Mate? Coming, then?" Blaise said from the walk.

"One second."

Draco turned to see that the elderly man was still standing near the Wolfsbane case, watching him closely. Draco knew - this little encounter would be told to someone. He didn't know who, and he couldn't risk anything. He strode back to the man, drawing up all of his magic stores and focusing them on the spell he wanted to cast. He kept their eyes locked and before the man could ask what in Merlin's hut he was doing, Draco hissed out the incantation.

"Obliviate."

Once the elderly man had well and truly forgotten the fact that Draco had come looking for something that almost assuredly proved he was a werewolf, Draco left the store. Blaise was smirking at him.

"Ah, there he is."

Draco smirked in return and adjusted the neckline of his button-up. "Thought I'd gone soft?"

"Never."

With one more exchange of wicked grins, the two Apparated to the Leaky Cauldron to Floo home.

"Granger?" Her name felt like cotton in his mouth as he knocked on his bedroom door.

When he stepped inside and closed the door behind him, he was surprised to see that she was struggling to get out of bed. He took a few rushed steps forward and then hesitated. Would she even want his help?

"Don't mind me," she said, her cheeks staining pink. "I just need to use the loo."

"Oh," Draco said. "I can get Tinky?"

"No, no," she said, scooting to the edge of the bed and using the flat of her hands to push herself up. She swayed a bit on her feet, and then adjusted the long hem of her gown. "That won't be necessary. But could you possibly get me some fresh clothing?"

Her speech had gotten rather formal. Polite. Draco watched her limp past him and around the end of his bed, headed for the bathroom. His bathroom. He saw her swoon against the doorframe for a moment, and he panicked.

"Are you all right?" he asked, forcibly keeping himself from going to her side. He didn't want to startle her.

"Just . . . In quite a bit of pain," she said, her voice sounding strained. When she removed her hand from the door frame, Draco could see that it was shaking.

"Have you taken any of the potions?" he asked, taking another step toward the bed.

"No. It's just bruising and shallow cuts. And I forgot the potion you gave me at my dorm so that's why my hands are wonky. But I think everything will be all right."

Draco turned his face from the loo door after she closed it. He'd forgotten about that - the potion for her cruciatus pain. As if he couldn't feel any worse. Now she was having that on top of everything else. He could clearly tell that she was glossing over things. Merlin, she was limping and fainting about. Did she think he was daft?

Was she feigning wellness in order to keep him from touching her? He wouldn't be surprised if she was. It was what he deserved.

It just didn't stop it from hurting any less.

He forced himself to stay standing right where he was when she returned, even as her shoulder brushed his chest. Though he wanted to reach for her, he refrained and simply watched as she clambered back into the bed. It would have been a comical site, with the extravagant gown and all, were the situation not so somber for Draco.

"Did you get the Cream of Dittany?" she asked as she adjusted the coverlet around her legs.

"Yes," he said softly, keeping his eyes down. He felt the same way he had when he'd accidentally forgotten his mother's birthday when he was 14. Chastised and ashamed. "Blaise has it, but he said he was going to grab a quick lunch from the kitchen."

"And the clothes?"

"I didn't . . . I just waited here," he said, his eyes flicking up to meet hers, expecting to see a frown.

"It's all right," she said, sounding tired. "I don't want to seem pushy."

"Be pushy," Draco blurted out, and then he pushed his hand through his hair. He lowered his voice. "Be pushy."

She looked at him, her mouth hanging open slightly, and then she looked away. "I really want to be comfortable. I don't want to wear this dress anymore."

Draco nodded, biting his lower lip and then hurrying to his closet. Her clothes were completely shredded by his wolf, anyway. He pulled out a jumper he'd gotten last Christmas and returned to hand it to her. She was already standing when he got there, a hand wrapped around the end bedpost to stabilize herself. She accepted the black cashmere with a small smile, a smile that Draco thought he didn't deserve, and then leaned down to pull her heels off.

"Can you . . . ?" She cleared her throat and turned around, pulling her curls forward over her right shoulder.

Draco paused, his hands stuttering as they reached for the lacing on her dress. He could see scabbed over scrapes and angry red rashes on her shoulder blades, and a purple bruise on the base of her neck. The scrapes hadn't been his fault, but the bruise on her neck certainly was. He felt sick.

Finally, he reached for the ties and began to pull them. His eyes roved over her skin, which he knew had once been pristine. He wished he could take her wounds and transfer them to himself without the use of dark magic. He'd take all of her pain away and absorb it into himself until it crushed him.

"About last night," she said. Draco worried. What was she going to say? There was an infinite amount of things she could bring up to discuss.

"Yes?" he said breathlessly, still pulling the lacing out of its eyelets. He saw more scrapes and bruises being revealed as the two sides of the back came apart, and he glowered at them.

"During our . . . During the argument." She took a deep breath, one that he could see lifting her shoulders, and then she said, "I glossed over something that I would like an answer to before we . . . I just would like an answer."

He slowed. There were only three small eyelets left.

She continued, "It's about the woman at the Ministry. And I just . . . I'm just going to say it before I chicken out."

"Chicken out?" The dress came apart in the back, and she reached behind herself to hold it together and keep it from falling. She didn't turn around. Draco was sure it was because of the awkwardness that was stretching between them.

"It's a Muggle saying. It means to be too afraid to do something at the last moment."

"Ah." He crossed his arms over his chest, his eyes trained on the back of her head.

"The witch at the Ministry, before your meeting," Granger continued. "You . . . Said certain things to her. Things that I've noticed you only say to me. And I know we're not - I'm not your - I know we aren't a we, but it was rather . . . Off-putting to hear them."

Draco saw her head ducking down and he frowned, struggling to recall. Then, he remembered. The witch at the Ministry. The one he'd obliviated so she wouldn't recall his flirting. That had just been an attempt to get whatever information he could. It hadn't meant anything. Why was Granger fixating on it, talking about "we" and "us?" And more importantly, why had it bothered her so much?

"Because I called her 'pet'?"

"N-No," she stammered, still not turning around. "The . . . Other part."

"Which part?"

Granger was silent for a long, drawn-out second. Draco was wracking his brain, trying to remember, and then Granger whispered, "You told her she was a good girl."

Familiar feelings from before the Revel surfaced within him and he felt the magic within his body creeping up to the surface. He didn't want it to. Desire was the last thing that he wanted to feel for her after everything that had happened, but the thought of - just the memory - the knowledge that she -

A violent need to wrap his arms around her and bury his face in her neck crashed into him and he took a stumbling step backward as he fought his magic with all of his might. He knew the way he'd treated her the previous night had been wrong, but during their fight, she'd all but admitted that it was easy to fall into her role because it was easy for him to fall into his. For a moment, he could pretend the Revel never happened, and that it had all fallen away. That they were just sitting on the floor of his room, in the strange, small world they'd created for themselves this past two months.

"I only said that because I was trying to get information," Draco said quietly. "I wasn't thinking deeply about what I said. I merely wanted to know what Greyback was up to. That's why I erased her memories afterward. Because I had no intentions of receiving her through my Floo."

She was quiet then, and he saw her nod. Draco inhaled slowly, his hand reaching for her. He drew it back, curling it into a fist, and stepped back. He averted his eyes as she let the dress fall to the floor.

"Did you want me to leave?"

She shook her head, holding an arm over her chest. "There's wounds on my back where my arms crease. I can't lift them. Can you help me with the jumper?"

Her tone was so matter-of-fact, but when he glanced at her incredibly bruised back quickly, he saw that she was trembling. He placed a hand on her shoulder, feeling her shiver as he leaned around her and grabbed the jumper from the bed. He helped her to put it on, squeezing his eyes shut against the torrential flood that came from his magical core when his fingers grazed her bare waist. The hem of the jumper fell to her mid-thigh and the sleeves nearly covered her fingertips.

She finally turned around, looking up at him from under that bushy head of brown hair, and Draco couldn't resist reaching for her.

"Does it bother you?" he asked, his knuckle guiding her chin upward. He didn't know why his heart was beating so fast, but it was. He was being selfish, he knew, but the thought of stepping away from her was terrifying. "That I said that to her?"

She looked down, and then her hands fisted in the fabric of his button-up. Her fingers were cold.

"Perhaps."

"You're the only one that I . . ." He trailed off, his brow furrowing as he struggled with himself. He didn't deserve to claim her or call her his. Not anymore. And yet here, with her body pressed up against his, he just wanted to gather her up and kiss her until all of the pain was gone.

But she was looking up at him with a strange glint in her honey eyes. There was a near-desperate need there, for something he couldn't understand why she would ever want from him after last night.

"That you what?"

"That I want to say that to," he whispered, his eyes burning intensely down into hers. And then his nose brushed hers, his head tilted, and he asked, "Do you like when I talk to you like that?"

She nodded and when she whispered "yes," it was on an exhale of sweet, needy breath that he wanted to consume. Draco's stomach twisted and his heart beat fast enough to steal his breath. His hands cupped her face and he tilted his head the other way, fully intending to give in to his magic and desire. He'd say whatever she wanted, whatever he wanted, whatever they wanted, and then he'd drag her back into the small world that was reserved just for them.

"Draco, my dragon, what have I told you about witches in your bedroom?"

Draco whirled around, his hands jumping away from Granger as though they'd just been set aflame. Granger sunk to the edge of the bed, her eyes wild with mortification.

"Mother?"

Narcissa stepped into the room, dressed in extravagant emerald robes and a floor-length white fur coat. She removed her satin gloves and patted Draco's cheek with a warm hand, and then she turned to smile at Granger.

"Oh, you poor dear. He hasn't even served you tea."



 

Invisible


B reathin by Ariana Grande, Lovely by Billie Eilish, Chasing Colors by Noah Cyrus, and Situation by Don Toliver

Draco POV

Before Granger, the only other person that Draco would have done anything to protect was Narcissa.

As a child, he'd spent so many nights caring for her that he began to wonder if their life might be happier if it were just the two of them. He loved his father, but the first time Lucius hit Narcissa was the first time he really saw his father for what he was: a scared man who didn't know who he was without having complete control of everything around him.

That was, coincidentally, why the beatings stopped around the time Voldemort returned. Lucius had lost control, and so became a withered shell of who he once was. Before the Dark Lord's return, Draco would have done anything to figure out a way to save his mother that didn't involve sullying her Pureblood name with a divorce (Narcissa's words, not Draco's), but after? After, he saw that even at his weakest, Draco was the strongest man in the family. And even that was saying a lot.

Draco knew it was strange that he still loved his father, even after the years of pain he'd inflicted upon his mother and him. It was difficult being a Malfoy, knowing that he had to always present a professional face for the public, when the truth of what was happening behind doors was imperfect and shattered. Perhaps that was why he hadn't had any desire to visit his father. He didn't want him to receive the Kiss, and that was why he was grateful to Granger for speaking for him at his trial, but that didn't mean he wanted to have contact with him again. As far as he was concerned, Draco's life had been devastated by the tornado that was Lucius.

He had fond memories. He recalled the time his father took him to his first Quidditch match, and how he'd held him on his shoulders without caring about proper Pureblood decorum. Draco would never forget about Christmas his Second Year, when his father was so proud of him for being Seeker that he purchased him a real Golden Snitch to keep in a crystal case in his room. Draco still had it, sitting right atop his second beside table. He'd always remember his Third Year, when his father spent hours with him in the family potions lab working on a special beauty potion to gift to Narcissa for Mother's Day. He wouldn't forget the smile on his mother's face when both of her boys presented it to her.

He also had bad memories. The time his father kicked him down the stairs for bringing home a poor Potions mark in First Year. When Lucius struck Narcissa across the face for attempting to arrange for Draco to spend two weeks of his Summer holiday in Paris with Blaise's family.

The moment Lucius snapped during dinner one evening because he'd told Draco to lower his voice and Narcissa had told him to ease his storm. Lucius slapped her so hard on the side of the head that Draco had to stay up with her for two nights straight to feed her potions so he wouldn't have to call for a Healer and shame the family.

That was likely the reason why Draco was constantly blaming every bad thing that happened around him on himself. Because it seemed like every time Lucius hurt his mother, it was because of something related to Draco. Draco sometimes caught himself wondering whether or not his father actually wanted him to be born or alive or breathing, and it filled his heart with so much pain that he had to stuff it all down. Maybe that was why he was so cruel to Potter, the Weasel, and Granger. Because he envied the fact that no matter how their home lives were, it couldn't possibly be as bad as having to bathe your feverish mother's brow while she sobbed with a black eye.

So that was why, when his mother swept into his bedroom the day after the Revel, he felt shame shoving his head down and slamming his gaze to the floor. She had to know exactly why Granger was in his room. She had to know exactly why the tension was so thick. She had to know who had been over for dinner the previous night.

She had to know that Draco was no better than Lucius, and the fact that his mother was so loyal to him was no consolation. Draco didn't think his father deserved Narcissa, and now he didn't think he deserved her either. Or Granger.

He nearly fell to his knees before her to beg forgiveness, but she had already conjured up a small white table and two chairs beside the window. She snapped her fingers and like lightning, Tinky appeared with a crack. Granger flinched at the noise, drawing Draco's gaze.

"Miss is home!" Tinky gushed, her apron even dirtier than before. "Tinky is so happy to see you!"

The little elf danced forward to hug Narcissa's leg, but the older woman held up a hand.

"Not in these robes, my love," she said, and then she leaned down to pat Tinky's head. "As much as I adore your work ethic in my Dining Room - these robes are from France."

Tinky's smile didn't falter. Draco knew she was used to Narcissa's micromanaging when it came to herself and her home. "Of course, miss. Shall I bring you anything?"

"Yes," Narcissa said in a clipped tone, shrugging off her coat and waving her hand. The coat floated up into the air and flew itself into Draco's open closet. She looked down her nose at Tinky, in the most loving way possible. "Bring tea and three teacups. I would also like to take lunch here in my son's room."

Tinky bowed and then, before she could disappear, Draco snapped his fingers. Narcissa looked at him, and so did Granger.

"No Apparition," he said, nervously glancing at his mother. "The sound . . . It startles her."

Narcissa's eyebrows rose smoothly and Granger blushed. Tinky merely bowed again and then flounced out of the room.

Draco hurried to pull one of the chairs out for his mother. She sat the way a queen would, spreading out her skirts and resting her folded hands in her lap. Her platinum hair was pulled back into a severe bun, the black stripes standing out starkly against the white backdrop. Her lips were painted cherry red and she had an overall healthy disposition.

"You look stunning, mother," Draco said, leaning down to press a swift kiss to her cheek, heedless of Granger watching. "As always."

"Nonsense," Narcissa said, waving her hand again. "My beauty ages."

"Like fine wine." Draco sat down across from her.

Narcissa fixed him with a glare. "Draco. Offer the chair to the lady."

Draco's cheeks gained a bit of color, and then he glanced at Granger, who looked a bit anxious. She shook her head a bit too enthusiastically.

"Oh, Merlin, no, I . . . I'm not . . ." She looked to Draco almost pleadingly, and he knew what she was silently saying. She could hardly walk. It was likely not possible for her to sit in a chair without causing herself undue strain. He felt guilt tugging at his throat again, and then he looked to his mother.

"Grang - Hermione is not well," he said, switching to using Granger's first name so his mother wouldn't find him disrespectful. "She needs to stay in bed."

Narcissa arched one perfectly plucked eyebrow but said nothing.

Draco blanched. She knew. She absolutely had to know what happened. Why else was she here from Denmark? Without warning or prior notice?

Tinky returned with a hovering teapot, teacups, a tray of sweets and cream, and a plate with a gourmet sandwich on it. Once everything was settled, his mother began to prepare her tea with a wave of her hand, the sugars lumping themselves into the cup and the teapot pouring itself out. She set into her sandwich with demure bites.

"The bed in the hall," she said. "I hate it. Remove it."

Draco sipped his tea. "It wasn't intentionally placed there, mother. Tinky is working on preparing Granger's quarters."

Narcissa glared at him again. "Draco. Do we drink our tea before serving guests?"

Draco thought he might keel over and die. He scrambled to his feet and began preparing the tea by hand, since he didn't have his wand. He started scooping the sugar.

Granger, who was still sitting on the edge of the bed, tugged at the hem of Draco's jumper on her body. "Something to help me -"

"Sleep, I know," Draco said, distracted by being chastised so many times in front of her. He reached into the tea bag tin and pulled out chamomile. He put three scoops of sugar into the cup, completely ignoring the eyebrow raise his mother gave him at his words. He walked over to Granger and handed her the tea, their eyes meeting for the briefest of moments.

"Three sugars?"

Did she think he didn't know his witch? "Obviously."

She gave him another one of those undeserved small smiles, and he went back to his seat.

"Try not to slouch, my dragon," Narcissa tutted as she brought her teacup to her lips, embarrassing Draco even more. Which was infuriating, because Draco couldn't remember the last time he'd felt embarrassment. Then, his mother smiled over at Granger. "You must excuse my son. He's not had much experience hosting witches in his bedroom."

"Mother," Draco hissed, face burning. He refused to look over at Granger.

"Other than the ghastly bed decoration in the hallway, you've done a stellar job decorating the Manor, my dragon. I do so adore the piano in the Drawing Room, but it looks a bit empty on the carpet? Did you intend to only purchase an armchair and a sofa?"

There was a bit of tension, and Draco felt Granger's eyes digging holes into the side of his head. He resolutely stared at the tabletop as though it had done him personal affront. He hadn't wanted Granger to find out, or to make a big deal out of it. He just couldn't look at it for another second knowing what had happened on it, what she'd been forced to endure. He'd intended to get a new one before the end of the day.

"There was a chaise," Draco said, his eyes darting up once and then back down to his teacup. "But I asked Blaise to burn it."

Granger's teacup clattered against her plate, drawing both Draco and Narcissa's eyes. She blushed and apologized in a whisper. Draco wasn't surprised she was so quiet. Narcissa was quite an intimidating witch.

"Hm," Narcissa said, taking a bite of her sandwich again. "I suppose you'll have to purchase another one."

"That's the plan," he said quietly, drumming his fingers against his leg. Then, before he fainted out of mortification, he changed topics. "How is Denmark? This time of year must be quite cold."

"Quite," she sniffed. "I was thinking, perhaps instead of hosting a gala at the Manor, you could simply come to my chateau for Christmas?"

"Honestly, I'd prefer that," Draco said, feeling relieved. He wasn't a party thrower like his mother, and he'd probably throw a poor excuse for one. Not to mention, he wasn't sure if Granger would ever want to set foot in the Manor again.

Not that he was inviting Granger for Christmas. They weren't . . . That wasn't an option.

Narcissa smiled. "Perfect, then it's settled. How about you send Tinky to me, and place the Manor under stasis? That way she's not all by her lonesome, and the furniture doesn't collect dust. And we'll have a happy Christmas in Denmark."

"I'm sure you'll be visiting father."

"Of course," she said, sipping her tea. "But of course you don't have to come to visitation. Take your time."

Draco nodded, acutely aware that this was likely the most information about his personal life that Granger had ever gleaned. It was bizarre, when he thought about it, that they knew nothing about each other that wasn't personality-based. Sometimes, Draco felt like Granger knew him better than Blaise did, like he'd never felt closer to another person, but then he realized how mental that sounded to think that about someone he wasn't even snogging on the regular. He wondered what she was thinking, and if she'd dwelled too much on his lapses in gentlemanly behavior in front of his mother, with the tea and the chair.

"Hermione, what do you plan to do for Christmas?" Narcissa asked, much to Draco's dismay. He didn't even know if she'd want to speak to him again after today, much less come to Denmark for a Malfoy family Christmas. It was absurd.

"Oh, I . . ." Granger cleared her throat. "I hadn't any plans, besides staying in my cottage with . . . I have a cat, you see. And an elf friend is watching him. His name is Crookshanks and I wouldn't want to leave him for the entire holiday when I've already left him for the school year. Oh! Um, not that I'm assuming that you're inviting me. That would be - it's not - unless . . . ? Nevermind." She sipped her tea like it was firewhiskey.

Draco realized the corner of his mouth had quirked up. He wasn't one to find things cute or people adorable, but well . . . Granger panicking over his mother's harmless question was one of those things.

"A cat," Narcissa said brightly. "That's lovely. We've always had dogs, ourselves. Haven't we, my dragon?"

Draco nodded, tapping his finger against the side of his teacup. "A few."

"Yes," Narcissa said, and then she smiled over at Granger again. "We had the terrier, Boomfly, do you remember? And then there was the Doberman. What was his name? Severus?"

"No, that was my German Shepherd."

"You named your dog after Professor Snape?" Granger asked, sounding incredulous.

"He was my godfather," was all Draco said, pouring himself a refill on the tea.

His mother's eyes lingered. "Draco. Where is your wand?"

"It's broken," Draco said carefully. He didn't want his mother to know what he was. He didn't know why, he just didn't want her to worry about him or the company or the Manor or his future. He just wanted her to worry about Lucius and Denmark.

"Broken? Have you gone to Ollivander's?"

"No, I chose not to go today," Draco mumbled, feeling chastised again. "Besides, he's not too fond of me. That was my second wand."

"Nonsense. I will write to him. You'll have a few replacements sent to try until you find the right one for you."

Draco sighed, but didn't protest. Everyone loved Narcissa, even those who hated him and Lucius. The wizarding world was under the impression that Narcissa Black had been ensnared by Lucius and held captive by her son. If anyone could help him procure a third wand, it would be her.

"And Hermione," Narcissa said, "you simply must come to the chateau this Christmas. It'll be beautiful. Not much snow, unless you go to the mountains. But I live by the sea, so the most we may see is rain. But it's gorgeous."

"I - well, that is to say, I . . ." Granger seemed flustered.

LDraco was still having a hard time comprehending that he was taking tea at lunchtime with his mother in his bedroom while Hermione Granger sat on the edge of his bed in naught but his jumper. And his mother was just eating her sandwich, as though it were no big issue.

Draco had no idea what his mother was thinking, but he knew that he wasn't sure about where Granger and he would be at Christmas. If his mother knew about the Revel, which Draco suspected she did, why did she think Granger would want anything to do with him come the end of this little weekend holiday at the Manor?

"We can discuss it," Draco said, tapping his spoon against the rim of his cup.

"Lovely," Narcissa said, and then she said, "I noticed you purchased a piano?"

"Yes, it was more for show. But it turns out, Gra - Hermione is a bit of a musician."

"Is that so?" Narcissa looked delighted. "Do you play the piano?"

"Yes," Granger said shyly, setting her empty teacup on the bedside table. When she leaned over, Draco's eyes landed on the bit of her bruised thigh that became revealed, and then their eyes met. He looked away quickly, feeling ashamed again. "I sing as well. Just as a hobby."

"Then you must come for Christmas!" Narcissa clapped her hands together once. "I planned on hosting a bit of a party, and you simply must perform a song for my guests!"

Granger looked as red as a tomato. "I couldn't. Oh, no I couldn't. I'm not even that good. And I only know Muggle songs."

Before he could stop himself, he scoffed. The song she'd sung during the dinner, though it must have been traumatic for her what with Orchid's death happening not moments before, had felt like an expulso to the gut. Her voice was as gorgeous as she was, and it demanded attention. Draco hadn't been able to take his eyes off of her while she sang, and he hadn't even cared that it was a Muggle song.

"She's quite good, mother," Draco said, wondering what had come over him to make him pay her a true compliment in front of his mother. "She's being modest."

"Well, definitely give it some thought, then," Narcissa said to Granger. "Sometimes, the strongest thing we can do is to face the things that frighten us. Isn't that right, son?"

Draco nodded, having heard her say those very words to him many times before. Every time Voldemort gave him a task he couldn't stomach, it was his mother who'd reminded him to stay strong before he left. Without her, he never would have become the wizard he was now. His weakness might have gotten him killed by the Dark Lord.

But he didn't like to think about Seventh Year, so he hurriedly batted the painful memories aside and turned his attention back to Narcissa.

"How is father? Must be difficult, having to settle in to Azkaban for the next 30 years, hm?"

"Oh, Lucius is doing as well as can be expected," Narcissa replied, her smile seeming tight. "They allow him small comforts and they do allow me to visit as often as I'd like, but it's no suite. Now that the Dementors are gone, it's a bit more Muggle of a prison with the Aurors as guards, but many of them can be bought off the same way a Muggle could. Anything to procure your father a decent bed and set of robes."

Draco wasn't fazed by her words, but his eyes slid to the left. What did Granger think about his mother admitting to using her financial status to award Lucius liberties that other prisoners couldn't afford? She was sitting on the bed still, staring at her bare legs, her eyes traversing the lengths of her bruises. He wondered if she even had the capacity to care about things like money and privilege right now.

The whole situation was so bizarre. Granger in his bed, wearing his sweater. His mother, inviting her to sing at Christmas and chastising Draco for not serving Granger her tea first. It felt like a Beedle the Bard tale.

"And what of your meeting with Silas at the company?" Narcissa asked.

"With who?"

"I'll take that as a no, then. You found time to go to the Ministry and meet with Gareth, however."

Draco went rigid, a burning hatred rising up within him at the mention of Greengrass' name. Granger's teacup crashed to the hardwood floor, shattering, and drawing Draco's eye. She looked sheepish and afraid.

Draco went to the bed, kneeling down and picking the shards up with his fingers. He ignored her legs and kept his eyes down as he answered his mother.

"I plan to reschedule," he said. "Hermione's not well. I'd rather not conduct business right now."

Narcissa was quiet and then all-of-a-sudden, all of the shards lifted into the air and vanished. Draco turned and saw her lowering her hand back to the table. She offered him a small twist of the lips.

"Along with writing to Ollivander, I shall write to Silas for you. So you can focus on what's important this afternoon."

Draco stared back at her, his heart racing. She knew. She fucking knew.

But to what extent did her knowledge go?

He stood up and turned to Granger, who looked rather uncomfortable with her legs bare. She glanced up at him and then away again.

"Perhaps you should get some rest," he murmured, hands on his hips.

"Yes, I suppose I should," she said somewhat dreamily.

She turned and scooted herself back toward the pillows. Draco, forgetting - or simply not caring - that his mother was in the room, leaned down and pulled back the coverlet, then let it drift atop her. She sunk into it, her eyelids fluttering, and hugged the pillow close.

"Here," Draco said, reaching for the Dreamless Sleep potion. "Take this."

She reached for it, unstopping it and taking a draught. She passed the bottle back to him and closed her eyes.

"Thank you, Draco," she whispered, her voice trailing off as the potion. He stood there for a moment, looking at a reddish bruise on her cheekbone and the cut on her collarbone from where the tip of the whip kisses her skin, and frowned. It was still jarring, hearing her say his name, and it made him feel guiltier about the previous night. There was solace, however, in the fact that her sleep would be void of nightmares.

Draco felt Narcissa's presence behind him.

"How much do you know?" he asked quietly.

"I know what occurred here last night," Narcissa said, placing a hand on her son's back. She patted him. "And I know that the fault did not lie with you. Come, let's sit."

They returned to the table. Draco sat facing the bed, resting his elbows on his thighs. Narcissa took her seat and then began to pour herself another cup of tea. Draco wished he knew what she was thinking, what she truly thought.

"When she wakes, you ought to ensure she gets something to eat," Narcissa said with a tone that told Draco she knew a great deal. "I won't have her going hungry in my home."

Draco gritted his teeth, watching the rise and fall of Granger's breath as she slumbered. He knew his mother meant well, but it was all serving to worsen the way he felt. He hadn't been a gentleman, he hadn't been putting Granger first. He'd just been plunking along like a foolish oaf, letting her get hurt, forgetting her necessities. When had she eaten last? Had he even ensured she received water or food before the Revel?

Merlin, why did he keep fucking everything up?

"Quiet your thoughts, my dragon," Narcissa said soothingly, stirring honey into her tea. "It won't do to beat yourself into the ground for things you cannot change. What do you think your father does all day? Mope?"

"Don't compare me to him. I'm not like him."

Narcissa viewed him for a few moments before saying, "No. You are better than him. And I know that whatever happened last night, you did your best."

Draco scowled. "My best wasn't good enough."

Narcissa was silent. When Draco turned to look at her, there was a stern glint in her eyes. "Do not talk about my son that way."

Draco sneered and relaxed in his seat, slinging his arm over the back of the chair and drumming his fingers on the table beside his empty teacup. He loved his mother, but she was his mother. She knew him like the length of her wand. His mother was stronger than his father, and ten times as cunning. She wasn't here at the Manor for no reason.

"How much do you know?" he asked, feeling an ache in his throat.

"About what?" She took a sip.

"Everything."

She set her teacup down and turned to gaze out the bedroom window. Draco watched her closely, searching the planes of her face for the disapproval that he was sure would come. Narcissa never was one to just come out and say things. Even when he did something wrong like forget to clean up his toys as a child, she never outright told him so. She always wrapped the punishment in layers of tight-lipped smiles, discipline, and lessons to be learned.

"How did you take the news of Fenrir Greyback owning half of the company?" she asked, completely ignoring his question and keeping her gaze focused on the window.

"Not well," Draco drawled. "I would have appreciated prior knowledge."

"The fault lies with me. I was concerned that if I told you, you would reject your father's offer to take over early. It can be difficult to tell the truth to our loved ones when we're afraid of the way they might react."

Draco eyed her. She was trying to say something, something hidden, but he didn't know what.

"Are you suggesting there's something you need to tell me?" he asked, eyes narrowed.

"Not at all. I'm suggesting that there's something you need to tell me."

Draco's mind spun. What did she want to know? The fact that he consumed an irregular diet of Granger's blood? How he forced Granger to crawl on Narcissa's floors while Muggle-borns were murdered in her Dining Hall and Drawing Room? Or perhaps how he very agonizingly and painfully turned into a wolf on the second night of the full moon cycle each month now? There was so much she could be fishing for, and he had no desire to shame himself more by saying any of them aloud.

"It's clear you already know," Draco said carefully, changing direction. "So you may as well spit it out, mother."

Narcissa set her teacup onto her plate with a loud clink. "Are you a werewolf?"

Draco averted his eyes, a surefire giveaway. But the way she was looking at him, he never would have been able to lie.

"And you discovered this information how?" he muttered, drumming his fingers again.

"Tinky so graciously updated me this morning. You haven't forgotten that House Elves can hear everything, have you? She didn't know much, but since I am fortunately intelligent, I pieced together the timing with what was going on. As for your dinner party, I don't need to have been there to guess what went on."

"And how did you know to contact Tinky?" Draco sneered.

"She contacted me via the scrying mirror I gave her for just such an occasion."

"For me turning into a wolf?"

"No, Draco," she snapped harshly, her eyes blazing like white fire. "For you behaving like a fool. Hermione Granger assisted our family when she did not have to. And you repay her by bringing the Devil into our home while she's present? Now, if you are a werewolf, then I understand that you likely could not help it, knowing who and what Greyback is. But you could have done more. You can always do more."

Draco turned his face away, biting back the urge to argue with her. Because she was right. He hadn't done enough. He hadn't fought hard enough. He'd surrendered too early and he'd underestimated his enemies. He hadn't fully understood the dynamics of what it was like to be a werewolf. Now Granger was covered in cuts and bruises, likely traumatized, Draco wanted to die, and Greyback and the Death Eaters knew he was a werewolf. They had so much they could use against him, from his status as a beta to Granger's status as his "slave," and when Draco stopped to think about it, he realized they were royally fucked.

He wondered what his mother would think about the fact that he wasn't just a werewolf. He wasn't going to say anything, not when she was clearly angry and not when he had no idea what he truly was.

"However," she said, "just because you made a mistake, does not mean you cannot make it right."

Draco lifted his shame-filled silver eyes to his mother's face.

She continued, "If there is one thing your father never taught you, it was that money and items will never buy forgiveness or affection. He bought you and I both everything we could ever have wanted, and yet did you ever once forgive him for the way he treated us when you were younger?"

Draco shook his head, feeling a bitterness rising to his throat.

"Then you know that all of that -" She waved her hand towards the potions on the bedside table. "- is not going to make anything that happened last evening go away. Did you know, your father bought me diamonds every year on the same day after the first time he struck me? And they were beautiful. Absolutely gorgeous, goblin-made pieces of jewelry that cost more than Minister Shacklebolt earns in a year."

Draco stared at her, still in his relaxed position, waiting for the lesson that he knew was bound to come.

"But I never once started to forgive him until the day the Dark Lord forced you to take the M-Mark." Her voice broke and she closed her eyes. "He was there every waking moment for me while you were recovering. He was by my side, making sure that while I was caring for you, there was someone there caring for me. He fed me by his own hand, clothed me when I was too worried to change, bathed me when I was weeping too hard to bathe myself. He was more than a husband to me, and it was then that I decided I was going to forgive him. He never once said sorry, but I knew then that sometimes, apologies aren't made in the form of words."

"Even though he hurt us?" Draco asked, feeling his eyes tighten. He didn't know how or when he was ever going to forgive his father. Draco wasn't expecting some profession of apology or anything like that, and he was certain that they had reached some sort of understanding during the war. Everything that had happened had been pushed to the background in favor of keeping the family safe, alive, and intact.

Did Narcissa's revelation change things? He wasn't sure.

"Even though," Narcissa said. Then, she reached across the table and held her hand out. "But this isn't about forgiving your father, Draco."

Draco hesitantly placed his hand in hers, and then he relaxed. Her skin was soft and smooth, as it always had been, and it was everything he never realized he needed.

"Then what's it about?" he asked, already feeling the pain of the previous night starting to worm its way through him.

"It's about you . . . And Hermione Granger."

A sudden loud snore from Granger broke through the silence and then Draco turned away in amusement. Amusement that soon turned into chuckling. And then when he saw his mother ducking her head to hide her smile, the chuckling became laughter, and Draco was covering his mouth with the back of his hand, his vision swimming with unshed tears of mirth.

"There's no Pureblood way to sleep, my dragon," Narcissa said, her eyes sparkling. "What you're feeling now - that affection - that is more pure than any drop of blood in my body."

When Draco's laughter had faded, he glanced over at her again, and realized that he rather preferred to see her sleeping like that. It was as if even in slumber, she was completely and utterly herself. As though she cared so little for what the darkness thought, that she was going to attack it with her snoring. It was so innocent, so youthful, that he couldn't imagine ever seeing her present at one of Voldemort's Revels.

And yet she had been present at one: Greyback's. Even though it was much smaller than the ones Draco had been through, it was more painful and traumatic than any that he'd attended in his Seventh Year. He knew his mother was watching him intently, but he didn't care much. For the first time, he allowed his emotions to run rampant on his face, allowing his guilt and shame and the fondness he felt for Hermione to overwhelm him, and then his eyes were stinging.

He turned his red-rimmed eyes to his mother, hanging his head. "Mother . . . I fucked up."

Narcissa barked a short laugh and squeezed his hand. "You did, my dragon. And while I don't know the details - and I do not want to know - I do know that if she is sleeping this soundly in your bed, then there is room for improvement."

Draco blinked, feeling a bit embarrassed. "Well, we're not . . . It's not . . ."

"Whatever it is," Narcissa said firmly, "you must do more. Do you understand me?"

Draco leaned over and hung his head between his hands. He took a deep breath past the turmoil and whispered, "I understand."

After a few moments, he saw his mother's legs coming into view. She wrapped her hands around his wrists and pulled them away from his face. He viewed her through his unshed tears. Narcissa, probably the only person he had ever consciously allowed himself to be this emotional in front of before. Her smile was warm and her eyes shone with adoration as she wrapped her fingers around his.

"You are a dragon, Draco. You are ferocious when you set your mind to something, and you raze everything to the ground when you set out to accomplish what you want to accomplish. But do you know what else dragons do?"

He waited, wishing he could wipe his eyes.

"They protect their treasure. Whether you've realized it or not, that witch over there has become your treasure. And purchasing items for her is not what will make amends for whatever occurred last evening. Do you want her to forgive you?"

Draco lowered his eyes. "I don't deserve it."

"Hush," she said soothingly, rubbing his palms with her fingers. "Hush, my love. You deserve all the happiness in the world. And I see that self-destruction in your eyes. Stop breaking yourself down. Now, come, I asked you. Do you want her forgiveness?"

Draco nodded, even though he still felt as though her forgiveness didn't belong to him. She was his witch, but he wasn't her wizard, and she'd never so much as said she even wanted him in her life. He had no idea who they were or what was going on between them, but what he did know was that he hated himself for what happened the night before. Every single part, from the crawling, to the vile things he'd said and done, to the kiss. He hated himself for all of the taking and taking.

"I've continued to take from her," Draco said softly, staring down at he and his mother's joined hands. "And I haven't given anything in return. She's a Gryffindor, so she'll just continue to give until she has nothing left. I don't . . . I don't want her to do that."

"Then you shall have to give, and let her take," Narcissa said, pursing her lips. "And I see that look in your eyes - that glint. It's the same one I saw when you were under the Dark Lord's influence. The one that shows me I need to reign you in before you start taking important parts of yourself and giving them away. You can't be a Malfoy - you can't be the head of a family if you can't manage to face down your transgressions with the same ferocity and flame that you use when you're succeeding. You must be the same man in your weakness that you are in your strength."

Draco sighed and hung his head again. His mother was right. He wasn't doing enough. He couldn't just tuck her in and put potions by the side of her bed. After the times his father hurt his mother, Draco knew what Granger would need: affection, comfort, and a good brushing of his hands through her hair. And as nervous as that made him feel, being so open and poncy over Hermione Granger of all witches, he knew she needed it.

She deserved it.

Not that he wanted a family with Granger, or anything. But it was clear: she was the person he fancied. The person for whom he wanted to raze cities to the ground. He didn't know how or when it happened, but it had, and there was no going back now. He would keep it to himself, because even if she felt the same, he would never be good enough for her.

His mother was right about something else. He was self-destructing. He recalled how Granger had told him she wanted to fill him up with good things, but he didn't think he had room for anything good. He was so filled with darkness that she wouldn't know where to place anything. There was simply no room.

"Nobody hurts my son," Narcissa whispered, kissing the top of his head. "Not even my son."

Narcissa gave his hands one last squeeze before returning to her side of the table. Then, something that had been at the back of his mind suddenly wiggled its way to the forefront.

"Mother . . . How come you weren't surprised when Granger showed up at the Ministry the day of father's trial?"

Narcissa adjusted her skirts around her legs as she sat, reaching up to pat the sides of her head. "It wasn't that I wasn't surprised. It was that I was hopeful. At that point, I hadn't thought that there was any hope. Her appearance gave me hope, and it was hope that wasn't misplaced. One thing I've always regretted was the circumstances under which I first encountered Hermione - as I'm sure you are well aware - and I firmly believe that her assistance was Merlin's way of showing us that we can make amends as a family for our part."

"But she's Muggle-born. That doesn't bother you?" Because it doesn't bother me.

Narcissa raised her eyebrows. "Are you asking me if it bothers me that a Muggle-born witch assisted your father in being awarded more time to live? Or are you inquiring as to my thoughts about your affections for her?"

Draco looked away and then back at her. "Both."

"Any witch who would sacrifice her reputation for the sake of my family is a witch worthy of my family. I haven't the slightest clue why she did it, but I'm sure her reasons were complicated and confusing and difficult. And I am grateful."

"What has father to say about it?"

Narcissa rolled her eyes. "Baby steps, my darling. Baby steps. Now, we must talk business for a spell."

Draco hurriedly wiped his eyes free of any last bit of moisture and sat up straight in his seat.

"I'm sure it was a great shock to you, discovering that Greyback owns fifty percent of the shares in the company. But believe me, I expressed my anger to your father when I discovered that he was entering business with that monster. Especially when I came to understand that Greyback was a lot more intelligent than he portrayed himself to be under Voldemort's reign."

"There's . . . I saw a discrepancy," Draco said, crossing his arms over his chest. "In the budget. It's -"

"The 1.7%," Narcissa said, her eyes turning as cold as ice chips. "Yes. I'm well aware of that. It was an emergency fund the Death Eaters with children set up, tucked away within the yearly budget. They started it during your Fifth Year."

Well, at least that part had been true. But Draco couldn't help but wonder: what exactly was the fund hiding? Because he had a feeling that there were plenty of Pureblood families who hadn't seen a lick of that money.

"Father went into business with Greyback in my Fifth Year?"

"Yes, as well as the Crabbes, Goyles, and many other Pureblood families. Everyone put money into the fund. They opened accounts with your father so he could access the galleons and put them into the emergency fund."

"And how did Greyback - a werewolf - gain access to Pureblood estates?" Draco asked, frowning. "That's what I can't figure out."

Narcissa's frown mirrored his. "I have been trying to figure that out myself. I've asked your father, but he says he was unaware that it had taken place."

"You don't believe him."

Narcissa laughed for a moment. "Darling, he's Lucius. Of course I don't believe him. But right now, my focus isn't the company. That's your focus."

"Well, I may be in over my head. Greyback is . . ." He paused, not sure if he should talk frankly with her about his status as a magical creature. He didn't want to involve her, especially because he felt that he could at least handle that. "He's difficult to reason with."

"And what was your plan? Before you discovered the Greyback situation?"

"To buy out the members of the trust who were Voldemort's supporters," Draco replied. "And work on rebuilding the image of the company."

"In what vein?"

"I had entertained the idea of Muggle companies, but recently, have discovered a bit of interest in magical creatures." He studied her face. "What do you think of that?"

She looked up at the ceiling thoughtfully, pursing her lips. "Hmm . . . Well, I think it's something to think about for the future. Right now, you must tread carefully. Greyback is . . . An issue. After last evening - and do not tell me details. I cannot stress that enough. I am certain that he is confident in his role in the company. He has no fear that he will lose his power."

"He has no fear at all."

"Yes, well . . . It's becoming clear to me that something more sinister is going on. I have read the Prophet. I know about the missing magical creatures, him paying for the funerals, and the Muggle laboratory he purchased. It all seems . . . Odd. Odd that he'd purchase something Muggle and be allowed to own it as an asset, and odd that he would be allowed to possess Death Eater Estates. And very odd that he would be so philanthropic as to not only pay for the funerals, but to also donate copious amounts of money to organizations that are designed to help magical creatures, such as the Vampire Assimilation Group and the Goblin Employment Operations. It's clear he has some sway with the Ministry, if he's able to circumvent werewolf laws and do all these things."

"He said during the meeting that he can circumvent any laws," Draco told her, feeling uneasy.

Narcissa's brow furrowed. "Then I'm afraid my concerns are correct. He may be plotting something more serious than we're prepared for. It is well known that during the war, he was a staunch supporter of the Dark Lord. No doubt he still holds those views. The question is, what does he plan to do with them?"

Draco worried his lower lip between his teeth, his mind turning as he thought. What could Greyback be planning? It was obvious that it was all leading up to something. Especially with him knowing that Crabbe had turned Draco. Had he planned it? What could the possible use of him being a werewolf be? Had Greyback been expecting Draco to become a beta wolf specifically? And did he know about the fact that Draco had a second creature's magic running through his veins?

"Yesterday, your father told me a prisoner went missing," Narcissa said, folding her hands in her lap and sitting back with her legs crossed. "The guards are keeping it from the papers, but your father's cell guard told me who it was."

"Who was it?"

Narcissa raised her eyebrows. "Dolores Umbridge."

Draco frowned so deeply that he worried he might wrinkle. He rested his elbows on the table and stared down at it, lost in thought.

Who would have reason to break Dolores Umbridge out of prison? She wasn't exactly powerful, and she had no friends in the wizarding world after she'd abused her position.

Draco knew he'd had a rather . . . Interesting Fifth Year with her, but the majority of the reason he'd even suggested forming the Inquisitorial Squad to her was because he knew Potter was doing something Draco wished he could be a part of. At the time, he'd been only mildly interested in what Voldemort had to say, and he'd thought the dark wizard was nowhere near as powerful as Dumbledore. Once Voldemort started moving into the Manor that Summer before Sixth Year, Draco discovered that he was wrong about that.

"There are no plans to release the information to the Prophet," Narcissa said with a sigh. "I'm not sure if it's because they're covering it up, if they don't think the old bat is a threat, or if it's a mixture of the two. But she's out there. Somewhere."

"Do you think that with her being broken out and Greyback being able to circumvent laws . . . Do you think that perhaps the Ministry is compromised?"

Narcissa paused and then said, "It's hard to say."

"Hermione and I have an ill feeling about Minister Shacklebolt. She thinks it's the Imperius curse."

"And what do you think?"

"I don't know the man," Draco said with a shrug. "I think he's been bought off. But either way, I think it's safe to say it has been compromised. Not to the extent that it was when Voldemort was alive, but it's not trustworthy any longer."

Narcissa nodded. "I'll see what I can glean this week. I won't be returning to Denmark for a few days - I have tea with several Pureblood wives tomorrow, and one of them is wed to the overseer of the Auror Department. I will ask about Minister Shacklebolt's mannerisms."

Draco wondered what she'd be able to find out, and what he would even be able to do with the information. He felt a little helpless, what with everything he was currently dealing with. No one wanted another war, and if that's what Greyback was trying to do, then Draco had no idea how he would react. He knew for certain that he had no desire to fight on the wrong side again, but he was concerned that he might not have a choice. He needed to figure out what was wrong with him so he could start planning how to challenge Greyback and win.

"Well, I do think I should retire to my room," Narcissa said a bit faintly. "I would like a nap, and I would like some time to write letters to Gareth and Mr. Ollivander."

Draco stood up as his mother walked towards him, and towards the door. Then, she paused by him and held out one of her hands. Draco placed his upon hers with a quizzical expression.

"This is how you give proper massage to bruised skin," Narcissa said shortly, moving her fingers along the center of his palm. "With gentle, circular motions. Not too firm, or it will cause pain. The goal is to provide relief."

She looked up and their eyes met, and Draco felt his cheeks flushing.

"I understand."

"You should be receiving notice from Ollivander within the week." She swept out of the room then, calling back over her shoulder. "And dine her, Draco!"

Draco sighed heavily, scrubbing his face with his hands. He loved his mother, but he didn't think he'd ever felt so chastised. His mother was a Pureblood witch and so her upbringing had given her a certain way about her when she expressed her emotions. She didn't have to do much for Draco to know she was disappointed in him, and even though he'd told his mother he understood, he still felt like he wanted to tear himself into tiny pieces and gift them all to Granger for Christmas.

"Maybe then I'd actually invite her," Draco muttered to himself. He sighed again and then dragged one of the tea table chairs over to the side of the bed. He plopped down in it and leaned forward on his elbows, waiting for her to awaken.

She snored, and it was loud.

Draco woke with a start, his eyes immediately catching sight of Granger sitting up in his bed with a bowl of soup in her hands. She took a large bite of the meaty stew, and gave him a bright grin.

"Welcome to the land of the living," she teased. "Have a nice nap, then?"

"Silence, witch," he said, stretching his arms above his head and sitting up straighter. He glanced behind him and saw that the light in the room came from the glow of the full moon. How long had he been dozing?

"It's past dinner," she said as though she'd read his mind. "You were exhausted, I'm sure. Blaise came and brought me this to eat."

"How kind of him," Draco said, feeling a bit bitter. His mother had told him to get her food, not Blaise. He glanced at the bedside table, seeing the Cream of Dittany there amongst the potions. At least Blaise was good for something, the cheeky git. "Is it good?"

"Oh, yes," Granger said, taking another bite. "It's exactly what I needed. I hadn't realized how famished I was."

A pang of guilt reverberated through Draco's chest and he carded his fingers through his hair. "If you'd like anything else, just let me know."

"Honestly, if I weren't so full, I'd take another bowl of this," Granger said, and then she held the bowl to her lips, drinking up the last of the broth. Draco wondered if his mother would be keen on that, slurping soup in the bed. Granger smacked her lips and grinned again - a real smile. The kind he saw her giving Scarhead and Weaselbee when they were younger.

It was nice.

"How is your pain?" he asked.

"Oh, it's . . ." She averted her eyes and set the empty bowl and spoon on the bedside table near the potions. "I haven't had a chance to use anything other than the Dreamless Sleep potion, and I took some of the Pepper-up when I woke earlier. But my cuts are healed. Episkey worked well enough. I couldn't reach the cuts and scrapes on my back, though."

"How is your pain?" Draco repeated, gazing into her eyes almost sternly. He knew she was trying to downplay it and he didn't know why. He wanted her to be truthful. He needed to hear it for himself so he knew the extent of what his mistakes had wrought upon her.

Granger wouldn't meet his eyes. "I don't want to be a burden. I'll be fine."

Draco stood up suddenly, his stomach twisting at the way she flinched when he did so. He placed his hands on his hips. His mother had told the story of his father helping her when Draco was recovering from the Mark, and she'd told him he needed to do more. So he was going to do more.

"Scoot forward," he said, motioning with his hand.

"Erm . . . What?" Granger stared at him.

"Just do it, Granger."

Slowly, but surely, she scooted forward, the neckline of his jumper falling off of one of her shoulders and revealing the scrapes she had acquired from Demetri dragging her. He clenched his teeth and then slid into the bed behind her, folding one leg beneath him and keeping the other flat on the floor. The moonlight filtered in through the window and fell across the bed, illuminating her in a way that seemed to make her seem smaller than normal.

"May I . . . ?" Draco asked quietly, lifting his hands to her sides.

"What are you wanting to do?" she asked, and the suspicion in her voice felt like a curse. A well-deserved curse.

"Massage," he murmured, resting his hands in his lap. He lowered his head, feeling ashamed. "And the Dittany."

"The cream or the Essence?"

"Both."

She took a deep breath then said, "All right."

She moved as if to take off the jumper, but he placed his hands over hers gently. He wanted to be the one to do it. After everything, she shouldn't have to lift a finger. He supposed that was why his father had done things without magic for his mother. Because he felt so much remorse that he knew he had to be the one to do it all for her.

Draco's fingers curved around the hem of the jumper, and she relaxed back against him as he helped pull it off of her arms without her having to lift them over her head. His eyes carefully avoided her bare chest as he touched her shoulders and pushed her to sit up again. She wrapped her arms around her legs, and Draco finally looked at her back in its entirety. The scrapes and bruises seemed uglier in the minimal amount of light, and they looked painful. He leaned over and grabbed the Essence of Dittany.

"I'm sorry about earlier," she said, resting her head on her knees with her face turned toward the window. "About the witch at the Ministry. It wasn't my place to be angry about that."

Draco squeezed the dropper over the scrapes on her back, the telltale smoke and sizzle feeling satisfactory. She would be healed of those, at least.

"It was your place," Draco said just as quietly as he moved on to the scrapes on her lower back. He placed his hand on the center of her back, gently. "Lean forward further."

"It wasn't," she said. "You're not my - I'm not your . . ."

"You are mine," he said simply, dropping the oil along any scabbing he saw. "It was your place."

She was quiet, and he thought he heard her gasp a bit, but he supposed it was just wishful thinking. He took her shoulder, pulled her back into a sat-up position, and then he pushed her long curls forward over her shoulders to move it out of the way. After returning the Essence to the bedside table, he twisted open the Cream of Dittany and gathered some onto his fingers. He hesitated for a moment, frowning and allowing his self-hatred to overwhelm him for a moment. He was sitting in his bed, about to massage the bruises on her body, all because he hadn't been strong enough to protect her, and she was worried she had no place in his life.

He felt ill.

"You said something about your parents yesterday," Draco said as he ran his fingers and the medicine over the bruises on her back. He used the gentle, circular motions his mother told him to use, careful not to cause her any more pain than she was already in.

"Oh, I . . ." She gasped a bit as his fingers made their way from beneath her shoulder blades to the swell of her hips. "I was just angry. It's not your fault that I haven't done what I set out to do this year."

"It is my fault. What happened to your parents?"

She hesitated, and then she said, "During the war, before Harry, Ron, and I left to search for the . . . Well, there were so many deaths being reported. I was worried that he would come for them, for my parents. That Voldemort would send Snatchers or Death Eaters after them. So I . . . I obliviated them."

"You obliviated your parents?" His hands caressed her shoulders, and he saw her twisting all of her hair around her hand.

"Yes," she whispered, and he could hear it in her voice. It had not been an easy decision.

"You obliviated them of what?" he asked, rubbing the medicine into the bruising at the base of her neck.

"Of me," she sighed, her head falling forward. "I made them forget about me so that if they were caught for any reason, Voldemort wouldn't know who they were. I made them forget about me, and then I put the idea of moving to another country into their mind. They're in Australia now, and they have no idea who I am."

As Granger was talking, Draco realized with stark clarity that this information that she was telling him, it was life-threatening. It was life-threatening and utterly vulnerable. She was telling him where the only family she had was located.

She still trusted him.

"And I suppose you're wanting to restore their memories in some way?" he asked softly, his fingers returning to the center of her back.

"Preferably," she replied, her voice sounding a bit breathy. "But I know memory magic is the most complicated magic out there. I took Advanced Potions this year because there is greater promise in memory restoration using potions than there is using memory spellwork. It promotes gradual change, rather than spells, which promote drastic change."

Draco suddenly understood why she'd brought it up during the argument. She had plans for her Eighth Year - plans that she'd put on hold when she got caught up in what was going on with Draco. It was almost mind-bending, when he thought about it: Hermione Granger being too busy for her parents because she was so focused on helping Draco Malfoy. It didn't seem like real life. It seemed like fantasy.

"You're too compassionate. You should be focusing on that. On your parents, not on my transformation."

"After last night?" Granger's voice was hushed. "There's no possible way that I could let you go through that by yourself again. You were . . . I've never seen you like that. It was clear that it was terribly painful."

Draco felt selfish. Of course he didn't want to go through it alone again. Having her there, even though he'd begged her to leave, was the only thing that made it bearable. She'd taken care of him and even though it hadn't lessened the pain, it had made him feel better knowing she was there. She'd seemed to know just what to do and how to help it along smoothly. But it was dangerous. It was much too dangerous. He didn't even know how she escaped, but he could assume Blaise had something to do with it.

What if Blaise wasn't there next time?

His fingers crept along her ribcage, smoothing medicine over the bruise on the left side from where she'd fallen after he struck her on the Drawing Room floor. She shivered slightly, and the movement stirred something in him. His voice lowered of its own accord as he asked, "How's that?"

She leaned back against him suddenly, her head lolling against his shoulder. He looked up, away from her exposed chest.

"It's very, very good."

Draco felt his heart skip a beat and all of his magic began to rumble to life. He pushed it back, though, because the last thing he wanted to do at this moment was feel that sort of way about her. Not after everything that had happened.

He saw a bruise on her abdomen. It was dark and spread from just above her belly button to the center of her sternum. He glared at it. "How did you get the bruise on your stomach?"

"I was kicked."

Draco immediately spread the medicine over the bruise, forcing himself not to feel anything as her chest heaved with surprise at his gentle touch. He wondered which one had kicked her, or if it was him at some point and he simply wasn't remembering. He felt at war with himself, his self-hatred and rage swirling together. He almost wanted to locate Greyback at that very moment and avada him. It was a shame his wand was broken.

The weight of her body against his was nice, if he was going to admit it to himself, and it felt comforting to feel her soft hair pressing against his neck and chest. His hands stopped, resting lightly on her stomach, and he closed his eyes. They sat there like that for what felt like minutes, but was likely mere moments.

Draco wondered how she was so comfortable being shirtless and only in her knickers like this, completely beholden to him. Didn't she want nothing to do with him? Why would she be okay with this? Did she truly trust him that much? It made him feel a bit weak, and like he had to be even more careful than normal.

"Are you hungry?" she suddenly asked.

"No," he lied. He hadn't thought about it, but he hadn't fed since before the Revel. He had no desire to ask her. He really had done nothing but take and take from her. He didn't want to take anything else from her that he felt he didn't deserve or hadn't earned.

"Malfoy," she said in a warning tone. "I know what you're doing. You can't deprive yourself. Remember what happened last time?"

"I know," he said, closing his eyes and keeping his head up and away from her throat. "I know, I just . . . Not right now, all right?"

She sighed. Then, to his surprise, she lifted his arm by the wrist and turned it over. They both looked down at his Dark Mark, just as vivid as the day it had been forced upon him, but without the dark magic that used to crackle painfully beneath his skin when Voldemort was alive. With her other hand, she stroked her fingertips along his flesh.

"How come you never cover this?"

"Same reason you never cover your scar, most likely. It's as much a part of me as anything else. Why should I hide my trauma to make everyone else feel comfortable? I didn't ask for the Mark; it was forced upon me."

"It was?" She sounded surprised, and for some reason, that bothered Draco. It was just like Fifth Year, and even as far back as First Year. He was just himself, and for some reason everyone thought he was inherently evil. His father had made such a toxic name for himself that it had directly influenced his path in school. Most of the time, he blamed his father for everything that happened to him during Sixth Year. That year was wands down the worst year of his life.

"It was," he replied, and he realized that he felt like he was struggling to breathe. He'd never said any of this to anyone. Not to his mother, not to Blaise. No one. "Voldemort groomed me for months before he asked me to . . . Do the task he asked me to do Sixth Year. He started during Fifth Year. But no matter how hard he tried, I suppose I never took that final step into the darkness. And so he forced the Mark on me with a round or five of the cruciatus. That's how I knew how to help with your pain after you were attacked. Because my mother cared for me afterward."

Granger was silent for a while, and Draco looked down at her, wondering what she thought. She tilted her face up, her brows knit together in a frown.

"If we had known you were forced," she said, her eyes searching his, "I'm certain things would have gone differently."

"They would not have," he murmured, absentmindedly stroking his fingers along the curve of her bottommost rib. "Your friends - everyone, really - already made their minds up about me long before he forced the Mark on me. Me being an absolute prat with Crabbe and Goyle following me around did nothing to help, either."

"I wish Harry would have given you a chance."

"I wish I would have given you a chance," Draco said, words spilling out of him like a toppled cauldron of Amortentia. His hand moved from her ribs to trail the curve of her face and caress her chin. He tilted her face up higher and looked directly into her eyes. "I'm certain . . . Things would have gone differently."

Granger's eyes widened a bit, and he wondered if something had come over him, or if it was just the full moon affecting him. He moved his face upward and pressed his lips to the center of her forehead, lingering. She sighed again, and Draco found that the sound made his stomach clench almost painfully. He wasn't certain things would have gone differently, of course, but right then, with her lying in his arms like that, he truly felt like they would have.

"The song you sang last night," Draco said, drawing his head back to look down at her again. "The words . . . Had they any meaning?"

"It was the only song I could think of in the moment, that I knew," she said, stumbling over her words a bit. "Which part are you . . . Confused about?"

"No particular part," he said quickly. "I just wanted to know why you chose it."

"Oh. Well, it's just a hobby, singing. That was my first time singing in front of anyone, and -"

"It was beautiful," Draco whispered, before he could "chicken out," as Granger had so eloquently put earlier that day.

"The . . . The song? Or my voice?" she squeaked out.

"Both," he said, smirking. "But mostly you. Your voice, I mean."

"I suppose you're of the same sentiments as your mum, then. Do you want me to sing at Christmas with the Malfoys?"

"Do you want to sing at Christmas with the Malfoys?"

"We'll see," she said, and then she giggled. "I will need copious amounts of Calming Draught, but it's a possibility."

"And I suppose you'll need your cat delivered to Denmark."

She burst out laughing, and the sound was melodious. She reached up and patted his cheek.

"Crookshanks does not need to be delivered to Denmark," she said, still giggling. She shifted in her position, and then winced. "If you're truly inviting me to Christmas, then I will drop by and spend a couple of days with him before leaving. He's a cat, Malfoy, not a child. He's likely not even noticed that I'm gone so far this school year."

"Crookshanks," Draco said, the name feeling foreign upon his tongue. He'd only ever had dogs, no cats, and Draco had never felt the need to choose a familiar. "Is he friendly?"

"He wasn't a fan of Ronald," she said, smiling to herself as she played with Draco's fingers on her abdomen. "But he loves me."

"Oh, well now I've got to make the cat like me. And then I'll make sure the Weaselbee knows it."

"Malfoy," Granger said sternly, but she was smiling.

Draco was quiet, unable to forget about the way she had winced. He knew why she'd winced and even though it was going to be tough, he knew it needed to be done. He cleared his throat.

"You may not like this, but . . . The bruising on your . . . From where I . . . It needs Dittany."

She inhaled sharply. Apparently, she was hoping he'd forget, but there was no way Draco would ever be able to forget that. He hadn't wanted to hit her as hard as he did, but Greyback had used the alpha magic to force him to. Draco knew she'd tried as hard as she could not to scream, but . . . He'd hit her so hard that it had been torn from her throat with a life of its own. He was surprised she didn't wandlessly hex him.

That was the thing that shocked him about Granger: she was brave as Hell and took everything that happened to her during the Revel in stride. She hadn't fallen apart and the few times she'd almost done so, she'd managed to pull it together at the last moment. Part of him wanted to feel proud of her, but he didn't know if he had the right.

No, he had no right to feel proud of her for that. He had no right to feel proud of anything at all.

"All right," she said. "Should I . . . ? Oh, sod it."

Draco, who was standing up from the bed, stiffened when he saw her reach below herself and remove her knickers. His magic began to pulse beneath his skin, and he turned his face away from the sight of her rolling onto her stomach with her head on the pillows.

"Stop fretting. I wasn't going to pull my knickers up into the crack of my bum."

Draco nearly chuckled. The words were so bizarre coming from the lips of the Golden Girl that it calmed him a bit. He pulled the chair he'd been sitting in earlier up closer to the bed.

He almost looked away.

The bruise that Draco had given her was, in short, horrid. It was hideous, with various dark spots and it was large enough that it spread across both buttocks. It looked painful, much too painful, and he felt worse than he'd felt all day. After rolling up the sleeves of his button-up, his hands trembled as he collected more of the Cream of Dittany on his fingers and reached for her.

"Malfoy?"

His voice was a hiss. "What?"

"It wasn't your fault. And I'm all right."

He stared at her for a long moment, wishing he could simply tell her how much he hated himself for what he'd done. Wishing he was worthy enough for her to even touch her. She wasn't all right, he knew it. He could tell. She wasn't herself. It was like she was a shadow of herself, just breathing and existing and saying what she thought she should say.

"It was," he said darkly, and then he began to massage the medicine into her buttocks, deriving no pleasure from it whatsoever. "It was."

She watched him for a moment, and even though it was a bit embarrassing, he let it happen. He deserved to feel embarrassed.

"Malfoy, what happens when we go back tomorrow?"

"I don't know," he said with the same dark tone. "I have absolutely no idea."

She looked down at the mattress, and then she said, "We can't do this alone anymore."

"Well, Blaise knows now."

"I want to involve Ron and Luna," she said, as though she'd been waiting to blurt it out. Draco paused for a moment, and then resumed his massage. "Luna is a vampire."

"What?" He tried to be as gentle as possible over the darker parts of the bruise, but he still saw her face flinching in pain.

"I saw it in the registration forms," she said. "Her father asked me to make sure she wasn't involved, but . . . Luna is the best person to help with what's been happening. I think she can help come up with a solution for you needing blood, and . . . She can show us how she adapts and adjusts."

Draco wasn't too fond of involving the Red Weasel, but he had to admit that he hadn't been too much of a bother ever since Granger made things right with him. He wondered if the Weaselbee knew his witch was a vampire, and he wondered: was he her blood source? If he was, Draco wasn't sure what he would do with that information. He didn't think he'd suddenly feel less guilty about accepting Granger's blood, but learning from Lovegood about her experience might help. And who knew, maybe she knew more about magical creatures than he and Granger did.

"If you want," Draco said, and then he sat back, his eyes meeting hers. "Does it feel better?"

"Much," she whispered, hugging the pillow tighter. "And what should we do about . . . Greyback?"

So much "we."

Draco stood up to go wash his hands, talking over his shoulder as he waited. "Perhaps it can wait for now. We'll be safe at Hogwarts."

After he washed his hands and returned to the bed, she was sitting up, pulling her knickers back on. She held a hand to her stomach, letting out a small sound of pain as she bent down to collect his jumper, and Draco flashed to her side without thinking too deeply about it. He helped her into the cashmere, smoothing out her curls once it was on.

"Are you sure?" she asked, looking up at him with concern dancing in her eyes.

He nodded. "It's the safest place to be. Always has been. Except for . . ."

"That won't happen again," she said, and he was surprised when she put her hand on his chest and smiled. "You're on the right side this time."

Draco gazed down at her, feeling the moonlight against his back almost as if it were sunlight. When she looked up at him again, he found himself attracted to every line, curve, and plane on her face, and he forced himself to step back before he took and took without giving and giving.

"We should focus on figuring out what you are," Granger said, clutching her hand to her chest. "It's clear you're a werewolf, but there's still Veela symptoms. Those need to be explored."

"Is it possible that I'm both?" he asked, crossing his arms over his chest. "I know it's far-fetched, and I don't know how it would be, but it could be possible."

She tapped her chin, frowning at the ground. "It's not completely impossible. Magic has rules, but there's no rules that I've seen that state that two different types of magic can't exist in one form. After all, a wizard can have darkness and light in him. So it's not a stretch to say that you could be both werewolf and Veela."

"Or vampire?"

"No," she said, shaking her head. "You have no sensitivity to light, amongst other things. And Luna being a vampire yet still able to go to school means nothing. She likely has a magical artifact to enable her to walk in daylight. I know for certain you're not a vampire, and the only other magical creature that consumes blood is a Veela."

"Can Veelas be turned? Or is it inherent?"

"It's typically inherent," she said, still frowning. "Which is why I'm so confused. It could have already been in your blood, already in the process of presenting when you were turned. Or, as Greyback said, scratched by Crabbe."

"Then why don't I have wings or fangs? Like you said."

"Firstly, you do have fangs. When you were . . . Challenging Greyback, you had four fangs: two larger top ones, and two smaller bottom ones. But those could be attributed to your wolf. Second, I have two theories. Either you don't know how to manifest them, and they actually are there somewhere within you. Or - and this one seems far-fetched - Crabbe is both werewolf and Veela, too. Very far-fetched because he has dark hair and dark eyes. Veelas typically have light hair and eyes, like you. But I do have a third theory. Something I saw in passing when researching creatures that experience lust, but is just now jumping to the front of my mind . . ."

"And what's that?"

"You were already a Veela, and Crabbe was a werewolf and something else."

Draco felt his blood freeze. "You mean . . . A third species? Which one?"

Granger looked away, biting her lip. "An incubus. I'm not sure, but . . . It would explain some things. Incubi are demons, and if that's true . . . Then things are more confusing and more terrifying than we originally thought."

"Sounds to me like it would explain nothing," Draco said, unable to keep his skin from crawling. Crabbe? A demon? Demons weren't something magic folk liked to think about or dabble in. They went beyond dark magic, and they were uncontrollable. They came from dimensions that not even books in the Restricted section at Hogwarts talked about.

"It's not possible," Granger said, offering him a meek smile. "It's not possible because it would mean that Crabbe was possessed in a way that was transferable. Which would mean that you were possessed, too. Does anything talk to you?"

"No," he said. "The feelings come from me. They're just . . . Manifestations of what I'm feeling or wanting."

"This is completely far-fetched, but . . . What if someone gave Crabbe the traits or the blood or the magic, even, of both a werewolf and an incubus, and you were already a Veela? And when he scratched you, you were infected with both, and they somehow warped your Veela state? And now you're something new?"

Draco stared at her. It was too far-fetched. It made no sense. How would something like that be possible? And how would they be able to prove it?

"You say manifestations of things you're feeling or wanting?"

"Yes," he said, his mind still working.

"Well, what sorts of things are those?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well . . . I think we should test it out," she said. "When we get back to Hogwarts."

"Test . . . What out?"

She bit her lower lip, obviously contemplating something for a moment before she finally sighed. He stared in shock as she grabbed his wrists and placed his hands over the chest of her jumper. He tried to yank them back, but she quickly covered his palms with her own.

"What does this make you feel?" she asked, a bit breathless. "Do you feel anything differently?"

Yes, of course he did.

"Are you mental?" he asked, but when she slowly lifted her hands away from his, he didn't move. The situation was almost comical, and it would have been, if it weren't for the immense amount of guilt he was currently experiencing for what had happened the previous night.

"Possibly," she said, and then she laughed nervously. "Do you feel anything . . . Manifesting?"

Yes. Yes, he felt something manifesting, all right.

"Possibly," he replied under his breath, his eyes never leaving hers.

"I know we had a . . . Lust issue," she said. "Is that still an issue?"

He dragged his eyes slowly down to her lips, rapidly losing control of his faculties. He felt his magic spinning and twirling, rising from his body to envelop them both. His hands slid up from her breasts to her neck, and he watched her eyelids flutter as his fingers tickled her skin. He yanked her forward, until her chest was against his, and lowered his head until their noses nuzzled.

"Very much so."

"I think it's . . . I think it's safe to say we're on to something," she breathed, her eyes wide and hands wrapped firmly around his wrists. "You may be an Incubus, too. I don't know what you'll need for that."

"And if I'm also a Veela?" He remained leaning over her. He felt her body trembling against his, his mind completely enveloped by the warmth of his agitated magic.

"Then you'll need a mate." She gulped, and when she inhaled, he felt like he was breathing her in. "Soon. Otherwise, you'll wither and . . . And die."

He paused, looking at her, and then something clicked into place.

"No."

She held onto him tighter when he tried to pull away. "I'm not willing to let you die, Malfoy."

"And I'm not willing to force you to sign your life and future away to me simply because your heart is too big around magical creatures."

He knew it sounded harsh, but she was acting mental. There was no way that she was fully comprehending what she was saying. He didn't know much about Veelas, but he knew becoming someone's mate was no small task. If he knew anything about werewolves, he knew that wolves mated for life. Granger and he had only been in their situationship for five minutes in the grand scheme of their entire lives.

"If it comes down to it, I will make the decision for my life," Granger said in a serious tone. "Do you understand me?"

Draco shook his head, looking away.

"I said, do you understand me, Draco?"

His eyes snapped to hers and he couldn't help but sneer. "I understand. Hermione."

She glowered at him, finally letting his wrists go. "You'd be perfectly content dying, wouldn't you? If it meant that you didn't have to mate with me?"

Something sounded off about that, but Draco didn't know what. He wasn't about to let her agree to something when she might not even be thinking clearly. If he was part Incubus, part Veela, part fucking werewolf, then there were magical forces at work that might be influencing her thoughts. Not three months ago, she probably despised him. And now she was suggesting mating with him for life?

"Yes, I would."

She blinked rapidly, staring at him with an indignance that only Hermione Granger could muster up. She stepped back as far as she could go, until she sat down on the edge of the bed, still looking up at him. It was then that Draco realized he must have said something horrible, because her eyes welled up and she quickly lowered her head.

"I suppose we can find someone - someone else who could give you blood," Granger said, her voice thick with emotion as she stood back up. "Perhaps Blaise. Until we can find a better solution. I'll be going to bed now. In my own room."

She rushed out of Draco's bedroom as though a hag were on her tail. He stared after her, bewildered and feeling like something was definitely wrong. And when her door slammed shut just as Blaise was entering Draco's room, the smirk on his friend's face told him he'd fucked up. Royally.

"What'd you do this time, mate?" Blaise asked, leaning nonchalantly against the doorframe. "Told her her hair looked bad?"

Had she thought Draco meant that he didn't want to mate with her specifically?

Draco ran his hands down his face.

"Fucking bollocks."



 

Invisible


Bad Dream by Ruelle, Tell Me That I'm Wrong by Future Jr., and Mikansei Koukyoukyoku by ONE OK ROCK

Hermione POV

Hermione regretted snogging Malfoy.

In Fourth Year, her first and worst kiss had been Krum. It was sloppy, inexperienced, completely droll, and not anything like the romance novels told her it would be. He was too handsy, she had decided, and when she tried to pull away, he seemed to take it as a game of chase. Next thing she knew, she was on her back in the grass at the edge of the Quidditch Pitch, losing her virginity like Voldemort lost two wars. By the time the torment of it was over, she thought she'd be glad if he lost the Tournament. That way, she'd never have to see him again.

In Seventh Year, at the end of the battle, she snogged Ronald in the Chamber of Secrets. It was nice. Sweeping, romantic, all sorts of musical bells ringing in her ears. A testament to 7 years of loving feelings building and rising to culminate in one moment of togetherness. And then it fizzled out. Within weeks, all Ron wanted to do was snog and it led to Hermione sleeping with him three times in what were three of the shortest, most boring fifteen minute increments of her life. She hadn't anything to compare it to, but she knew for certain that it wasn't supposed to be like that.

Snogging Draco Malfoy was neither sweeping nor sloppy. It was fire and it was brimstone and it was volcanoes erupting and spewing their heat into the night sky. It was the showering of stars from the galaxies above, pulsars pounding round and round, and comets hurtling from somewhere to nowhere. It was the push and pull of the darkest parts of the ocean, and it dragged her down into the deepest pit of passion she knew she would never again experience with anyone other than him. Because it couldn't be possible to feel so alive with someone. It couldn't be possible to realize with one kiss that you had been dead for your entire life until the moment your lips met theirs.

And so Hermione regretted kissing Malfoy not because it had been selfish or messy or disappointing or blind, but because she couldn't think of anything worse than not kissing him, and he'd made it rather clear that he'd rather die than be with her.

Hermione firmly believed that the reason why Malfoy didn't want to accept her as his mate was because she was Muggle-born, and after every moment they'd shared together, it was devastating.

Hermione gazed out the window at the countryside as it hurtled by, her elbow propped up on the windowsill. Across from her, Blaise sat with his nose in a Quidditch magazine, reading interesting things aloud to Malfoy every so often. Beside her, Malfoy sat relaxed, his legs outstretched and his arms crossed over his chest as he listened to his best mate.

That morning had been awkward, as had the train ride.

When she woke, she realized she had no clothing, and so she'd debated asking Blaise for a jumper just to avoid having to not only wear Malfoy's jumper from the previous evening, but to avoid having to ask him for trousers, too. But by the time she opened her bedroom door, she was surprised to see a pile of neatly folded clothing hovering there in midair. She'd taken it into her room, feeling confused and a bit irritated to see that the clothing consisted of Malfoy's Fifth Year seeker's uniform top and a pair of his trackie bottoms. If he would rather be dead than mate with her, then why did he want her returning to Hogwarts after a weekend with him wearing his clothing? She'd ended up throwing the borrowed jumper back on over the top of the uniform just to hide the fact that his name was blasted across the back, and stormed down to breakfast.

The meal had been taken outside on the veranda, likely because the Dining Hall was not a place Hermione or Malfoy wanted to be inside of. Malfoy's mother's facial expression was unreadable when she caught sight of Hermione's interesting choice of clothing, but no one said anything until Blaise joined them and mentioned that Hermione was going to have a hard time making everyone believe she and Malfoy weren't a couple. The smooth way Narcissa's eyebrows arched as she looked at Malfoy was perplexing and only solidified Hermione's insecurities. Narcissa was kind and conversational at the table, of course, but Hermione couldn't help feeling out of place.

I suppose I could help him find Pureblood options, Hermione thought sadly as she watched trees and mountains zoom past. I can't just leave him to fend for himself just because he doesn't want to mate with me. It's his choice and his body who he mates with, but he doesn't have to die. I'll help him. I promised I would.

It was surreal to think about the way that Narcissa had invited her to Christmas in Denmark. It was already strange enough that Hermione was spending so much time with Malfoy, but an entire holiday with him?

She wondered what her friends would say about that. No doubt Molly would still want her to come for Christmas that year. It would be so weird to tell her that she couldn't come, and yet it wasn't totally implausible. Hermione actually could imagine herself at Christmas dinner with Malfoy and Narcissa, or sipping eggnog on a balcony overlooking the North Sea, or standing beneath a mistletoe in some extravagant sitting room.

A pang of sadness rushed through her. If he didn't want to mate with her, it stood to reason that he wouldn't be wanting to kiss her again.

"I honestly don't understand what the purpose of gold knee guards is," Blaise was saying to Malfoy as his eyes scanned a page in his magazine. "Gold is much too heavy for quick flight."

Malfoy sighed, "The heaviness helps weigh your legs down and keep you upright on the broom. Didn't we already debate this in Fourth Year?"

"We debated," Blaise said, narrowing his eyes at the blond, "but we agreed to disagree. Slow flying makes for poor playing."

"Falling off of your broom to your death makes for poor playing, too," Draco said with a bit of a smirk. He rested his head against the back of the seat. "What do you think, swot?"

It took a moment for Hermione to realize that he was speaking to her, and she jolted to life. She looked from one boy to the other and then shrugged.

"Well, I suppose golden knee guards would have pros and cons," she said softly, tucking a curl behind her ear. "The pros would be better balance and controlled flying. But the cons, aside from being expensive and superfluous, are that if you did manage to fall off your broom, they'd weigh you down and you might fall to your death either way. I'd say they're not worth buying due to the risk, especially for competitive Quidditch."

"All Quidditch is competitive," Blaise said haughtily. Then, he grinned. "But I win, Malfoy. What Queen Swot says, goes."

Hermione's lips twitched and she turned to stare out the window again. It was bizarre, sometimes, thinking of herself as at least being friends with Malfoy and Blaise. She'd sat amongst many Quidditch discussions with Ron and Harry. The only difference is they didn't ask for her opinion.

"Personally," Malfoy said, "I think golden knee guards are superfluous as well. I just know they're not all bad. I prefer regular leather knee guards. Best way to stay on your broom is to use your muscles and hold on. Become one with the broom, and all that."

"I'd agree with that," Blaise said, turning the page in his magazine. "Ah, how about this? This ad says that seekers should all be wearing no knee guards, or armor of any kind."

"What the Bloody Hell are they advertising?" Malfoy asked, sounding disturbed.

"Some sort of sleek number that goes on under your uniform. Threads are infused with a feather-light charm."

Hermione frowned, her attention pulled by the aspect of rule-breaking. "That's cheating. You can't use charms or spells to enhance your performance."

Malfoy and Blaise looked at each other and then burst out laughing. Hermione's eyes lingered on the rare sight of Malfoy giving a pure, true smile. He looked so handsome when he laughed or smiled, and she found herself wishing he would smile at her that way. Blushing, she looked away just as he turned to grin at her.

"You must be new," he said. "We all used spells and charms to get ahead. It was completely normal. Even Wood used navigational spells to influence bludger directions."

"There's no honor on the Quidditch field," Blaise said with a smirk.

"Harry didn't," Hermione said, turning her nose up. "He got by on pure talent."

Malfoy gave her a strange look. "Hm . . . I feel like I've heard that before. And I suppose next you're going to say I bought my way in?"

Hermione looked at him sharply, unable to keep her lips from curving up. "You remember that?"

"How could he forget?" Blaise snorted. "That's his most embarrassing moment."

In spite of the slight depression she was currently feeling, Hermione chuckled.

"That's his most embarrassing moment?" she said, and then she curved her hand into a fist and brandished it at Malfoy. "Not Third Year, when I showed you this?"

Malfoy leaned forward towards her, pinning her in place with his gaze. "That wasn't embarrassing. It was enlightening."

"Enlightening? How does one achieve enlightenment through being punched in the face?"

"Do tell," Blaise said, turning another page in his magazine. "I've been planning on punching Drakey-poo for a good month now."

Malfoy shrugged. "I couldn't tell you. All I know is that before that, I wasn't scared of anything other than my father."

"And after?" Hermione's smile widened.

"Don't quote me on this, but I think I was scared of you." He smirked when Hermione giggled. "And for both of your information, I didn't buy my way onto the team. Before I knew what a feather-light charm was, I was just that good at seeking."

"How come you don't play anymore?" Hermione asked, pulling her knees up to her chest on the seat.

"Been wondering that myself," Blaise said, shutting the magazine. "Why didn't you take the captain's spot this year? McGonagall offered it to you."

Malfoy sighed and laced his fingers behind his head. "Just not my cup of tea anymore, I suppose. I love to watch, and I loved playing, but I think I just want to focus on other things this year."

"I'm sure you have a lot to deal with now, wolfie," Blaise teased. "Or vampie. Whichever one you are."

"Whatever the Hell I am," Malfoy muttered, glancing to Hermione.

The reminder of the situation they were dealing with made Hermione's heart skip a beat. For a moment, she'd almost forgotten he would rather be dead than with her. She looked away quickly and back out the window. She felt his eyes on her for a moment longer, and then Blaise was talking to him again.

Hermione wondered what Malfoy truly was. All of her far-fetched theories kept coming true, and she wasn't sure what to believe anymore. Part of her wanted to just accept that they didn't know and might not ever know, and part of her wanted to make a wild guess and run with it. Her idea that he might be part incubus, part Veela, part werewolf was starting to make sense the more she thought about it. But just because the pieces fit didn't mean they were the right pieces to the puzzle. He had a "lust issue," yes, but that didn't mean anything.

The only things they had proof of were that he turned into a wolf, his bonding magic was so powerful on the full moon that it could be seen physically manifesting, he had fangs when he was challenging an alpha, and he needed blood or else he withered quite visibly day by day. The only way to test out the "lust issue" was either for Hermione to throw herself at him, or for Malfoy to throw himself at other witches or wizards. And Hermione, while she knew he probably wasn't romantically interested in her outside of what his magic was making him want to do, she didn't think she could handle watching him snogging anyone else.

Hermione shifted in her seat, wincing a bit as a sharp pain reverberated up her back. The Cream of Dittany had helped her feel better the previous evening, but when she woke up, she realized that she would need more medicine and more time to heal. She had no desire to go to Madam Pomfrey, nor did she want Malfoy's help anymore now that she knew how he felt, so she was going to have to endure it until it healed naturally.

She felt her cheeks flush as she recalled the previous evening. It was so confusing. How could he be so tender and so caring, massaging her and sitting there with her wrapped up in his arms and her back to his chest when he wanted nothing to do with her? She couldn't help but wonder if it was her blood status, or if things were just irreparable after the Revel. What felt worse was that she'd trusted him with so much, with her nudity and her body and the whereabouts of her parents, and it felt like none of it mattered to him. Not that she should truly be surprised. He was Malfoy. At the very least, he'd spent years ensuring the entire school knew that his family hated Muggle-borns. It was easy to believe that perhaps he still held those sentiments.

But Hermione was so sure that he wasn't like that anymore. She was so sure they'd had something together. It just didn't make any sense.

She looked at him out of the side of her eyes. Could it really be so? Was blood status that important to him? And was she so smitten that she wasn't strong enough to take herself out of his life if he truly didn't want her?

What she knew for certain was that he cared about her in some regard. He'd burned the chaise in the Drawing Room for her - rather, Blaise had, at his behest. He'd dueled Crabbe, one of his oldest friends, to defend her honor. He'd cut off contact with Theo, another dear friend, because of what he'd done to Hermione. He'd sought her out and massaged her hands, just to offer her reprieve. He'd tried, at least until they hit a dead end, to find out who had cursed her at the owlery. He'd at least attempted to be intimate with her, and had in some ways, and he'd kissed her. He'd kissed her. He'd taken the time to tend to her wounds and bruises without magic the night before. Malfoy kissed her.

But was it all actually him? Or was it simply a result of his transformation? Was she a witch of convenience, there to provide him with a need or service? She couldn't deny that he was not a wizard of convenience for her. As startling as it was, she fancied him. He made her feel like she could be completely and utterly herself, even if she wasn't acting "smart." She could let her guard down with him and be "dumb," and he didn't seem to notice or care.

Hermione blinked back tears, frustrated with herself for allowing her emotions to get the better of her time and time again that year. She was acting like a Third Year, weepy over whether or not her crush fancied her in return, and it was silly. Whether Malfoy fancied her or not, she would survive either way. She wasn't going to leave him to suffer through his transformations alone, either. She was a Gryffindor, and she made a promise that she intended to see through until the end. She may not ever set foot in the Manor again, and Malfoy might find her detestable, but she wasn't going to stand by and watch him die.

She hoped he wasn't an Incubus. She couldn't think of anything worse. Nevermind the fact that she had no possible clue how a person could become a demon, if he was, they were in some serious trouble. Hermione wasn't well-versed in demon lore, but she did know that it was a subject that no one was allowed to look into at Hogwarts. It had been mentioned once in Defense Against the Dark Arts in Fourth Year, and never mentioned again.

What Hermione knew for sure was that demons came from alternate dimensions to their own, and they were completely and utterly devoid of good. They were evil, and they existed to thrive on pain and torment. They were lustful, and they were greedy. They would do whatever they could to tear you away from the light and drag you down into the shadows.

Hermione remembered the night she'd gone to the Library and stayed late, remembered how she'd heard footsteps and turned to find nothing there. Had that been demonic in nature? Perhaps Malfoy or Crabbe, following her? If it was Malfoy, would he even have been aware? If that were so, could it be possible that he was the one who attacked her?

No, no. She banished the thought. It wasn't possible.

Research would have to be done, she supposed, before she could delve too deeply into theories. If he wasn't an Incubus, which they had very little grounds to think he was, then there was no point going down that path.

He glanced over at her, laughing at something Blaise was saying, and then his expression softened. His eyes searched hers, and she swallowed. It was looks like those that were the most confusing. Looks, and words like "I wish I would have given you a chance."

Cheeks heating, Hermione quickly looked back out the window, willing her heart to steady its incessant fluttering. She had to keep reminding herself of what he'd said the night before. No matter what, she had to remember that he did not fancy her, and he specifically said he'd rather die than mate with her. She had to remember that.

She focused on her thoughts about demons, resolving to go to the Library when she could and see if she could find anything tucked away somewhere that had any sort of information. If there was one thing that could keep her mind off of the Malfoy debacle, it was reading.

She dozed off after awhile, her head pillowed against the window, and when she awoke, the train was just pulling into the station. She sat up, stretching her arms up above her head and looking beside her. Malfoy was flipping through the Quidditch magazine that Blaise had brought, and Blaise was snoring softly across from them.

"Sleep well?" he asked without looking up from the page in front of him.

"I suppose," Hermione grumbled, cracking her aching neck. "I wish I hadn't napped; it makes me groggy. I'm still planning on making my second class."

"Predictable," Malfoy said, flipping the page. "Fresh off holiday, and you're thinking about school."

"Honestly, Malfoy," she said, rolling her eyes. "What, are you planning on skiving off the whole day?"

"Yes, I am, actually," he said, closing the magazine and standing up. He held a hand out to her. "Care to join me?"

She stared at his hand. Remember, Hermione, she thought frantically. She couldn't be swayed by his Devil-may-care attitude or that lazy smirk.

Hermione ignored the offered hand and rose to her feet. "I don't, unfortunately. I really need to return to some semblance of normalcy."

Blaise jolted awake then, and Hermione didn't see what Malfoy's facial expression looked like in response to her rejection. Hermione smiled down at Blaise, having found that they were becoming fast friends after the little holiday they'd all just taken. He blinked up at her.

"Have we arrived?"

"Yes," Hermione said. "It's just after breakfast."

"Oh, bollocks," Blaise groaned, hopping to his feet. "I was craving waffles. Oh well, I'll make it until lunch. Come on, you lot."

There was a bit of an awkward moment as Malfoy gestured for her to go ahead of him, and she gave him a polite smile in response. It was quite embarrassing, smiling at him as though he were a stranger on the tube, and she lamented how quickly things had changed as they all filed down the hallway of the train car.

Once on the platform, Hermione felt Malfoy's hand gently touching her arm.

"Go on ahead, mate," he said to Blaise, who was walking backwards ahead of them towards the thestral carriage. "Hold the carriage, yeah?"

"You two have three minutes. Better get your last snog in."

Malfoy rolled his eyes, Hermione gave a good, "Honestly," and then they were alone. Hermione, feeling nervous, turned to face him. He looked down at her, the breeze pulling his hair away from his face, and then he sighed.

"Things are strange," he said.

Hermione bit her lower lip. Was he mental? Of course they were strange. "They are."

"I didn't mean what I said. Last night."

Hermione's eyes met his, but she didn't believe him. "Oh?"

Malfoy took a step closer to her, shaking his head. Silver eyes pinned her in place on the platform, and she found she was having trouble breathing. Her eyes followed the movement of his hand as it came up and pushed her hair behind her ear, leaving a small trail of fire in its wake.

She wished she could believe him. Just because he was backtracking now, didn't mean anything. Hermione had years of proof and experiences with him to prove that blood status mattered to him.

"Let's hurry back," she said, her voice cracking a bit. She turned and hurried off after Blaise.

Why was he doing this? To keep her around so he didn't have to figure things out on his own? Did he realize that telling his truth would scare her off, taking his witch of convenience and turning the situation into an inconvenience?

"Took you two long enough," Blaise said.

"Shut up," Malfoy snapped, and the carriage fell silent.

Hermione snuck a glance across the carriage at Blaise, who arched one eyebrow to her. She shook her head and looked out the window at the trees.

She had no idea how things were going to be from now on, but she knew for certain that things were strange, indeed.

Harry was waiting inside the school when the carriage let them off, and Hermione's heart sank at the sight of the look on his face. Blaise reached him first, angering him by ruffling his black hair on his way by. Hermione could tell - she was in for it.

When they were a good ten feet away, Malfoy swiftly stepped in front of her, walking backwards a few steps to stop her. She stared up at him, willing him to hurry up before Harry blew a gasket.

"I'll see you around, then?" Malfoy asked, hands slipped into his trousers pockets. He smirked and his eyes swept her clothing. "To retrieve those."

Hermione lowered her eyes, smiling in spite of the strain. "Along with the robes you lent me, yes I suppose you will."

"Here," he said, and she looked down. He was holding a shrunken-down version of the Cream of Dittany. She felt a tiny bit down at the thought of her having to apply it herself, but knew it was likely for the best. After what he'd said.

"Thank you," she whispered, taking it and clutching it close.

"Don't worry about me, about feeding me," he said, tilting his head to the side. "I talked to Blaise - he says we can work something out."

Hermione nodded, feeling a bit dismayed. Even though she knew how he truly felt, it didn't change how she felt. She didn't want him to get his blood from Blaise. She wanted him to get it from her.

"But if you'd rather I didn't, then I can meet you sometime today?"

Hermione shook her head, staring intently at her shoes. "No, it's okay. It's probably better for you to -"

She felt his hand underneath her chin, pulling her face up to look at him. Behind him, she could see Harry's eyes narrowing. She bit her lower lip.

"I'll meet you later today," Malfoy said firmly, the corner of his mouth twitching up for a flash of a second. "And don't do that."

"Don't do what?" she asked as he caressed her chin for a moment. His gaze flitted down to her lips and then back up to her eyes. Harry was watching, so she blushed.

"Don't bite your lip," he said, his eyebrows raising. Then, before Hermione could react, he leaned down and pressed a kiss to the center of her forehead. "I'll see you later."

Hermione stood there, the ghost of his lips lingering on her skin as he walked on, and she quickly whirled to face Harry. He appeared flabbergasted, his jaw hanging down as he stared at Hermione. He didn't even flinch as Malfoy passed him.

Well, it's now or never, Hermione thought.

Hermione walked towards her best friend, completely aware that he was staring at her borrowed trackie bottoms, jumper, and the bit of green jersey that was peeking out. She held her head high. She didn't know what the meaning was behind Malfoy's mannerisms, but she did know what he meant when he told her not to bite her lip. She remembered sitting on the floor of his dorm room, remembered the smoldering look in his eyes when he told her that same thing.

She wondered if perhaps she ought to bite her lip more.

"Good morning, Harry," Hermione said in a clipped tone. "I'm sure you have loads to say."

"Do I ever," he bit out through gritted teeth. "I don't even know where to begin. You went on holiday with Malfoy? Furniture shopping in Diagon Alley? Where were you staying?"

"The Malfoy Manor," Hermione replied coolly, finding that it was best to tell as much of the truth as she could. She didn't want to argue with him anymore; she wanted to mend their friendship. She knew Harry was going to be angry, and she'd known he wouldn't take the news well, so she felt she might as well just accept his reaction as is. It wasn't like there was anything that could be done about the relationship between Harry and Malfoy. She supposed the most Gryffindor thing she could do was face him.

"The Malfoy Manor?!" Harry practically roared. "You went there for three days with him to the Malfoy Manor?!"

"Yes. I did."

Harry scoffed multiple times as he tried again and again to start new sentences, but instead just shook his head. "You went on holiday with Malfoy. On holiday. With Malfoy."

"We were at the Malfoy Manor, too," Hermione said with a note of sarcasm, brushing pasting her friend. "Well? Are you coming?"

Harry turned and followed after her, his trainers sounding as though they were scraping against the stone ground. He continued to mutter obscenities, including something about disemboweling Malfoy, and then they fell in-step beside each other.

"I don't know what's come over you this year, Hermione, but you've gone mental," he said. "Absolutely mental."

"Nothing's come over me, Harry," Hermione replied, turning the tiny container of medicine over between her hands habitually.

"So he's your boyfriend, then?"

"No, Harry," Hermione sighed as they walked, trying not to focus on the curious way her stomach fluttered at the thought of her being considered Malfoy's girlfriend. "He's not my boyfriend."

"Then you're just snogging?"

"Yes," Hermione said before realizing it had left her mouth. At Harry's indignant, horrified gasp, Hermione's hand snapped to cover her mouth. She skidded to a dead halt. "No! That's not what I . . . Merlin, it was one time!"

"One time is enough time for that snake to poison you, Hermione!" Harry tangled his hands in his hair and threw his head back in an exaggerated grimace. "I can't believe it. I can't believe you snogged Malfoy!"

Hermione stared at him, her chest heaving as a million emotions rushed through her mind. Trauma, at the memory of what their kiss had been preceded by. Sadness, at the thought that Malfoy could kiss her but not stomach the idea of mating with her. Shame, at the way Harry was reacting. Anger, at the way she felt so used. And loss, at the thought that she might never again feel as alive with another man as she'd felt snogging Malfoy that one time.

"Honestly, Harry?" she said, feeling thoroughly overwhelmed. "I don't give a damn what you or anyone else thinks about the way I feel about him. I'm eighteen years old, and if I want to snog Malfoy, then I will. Now. Can we please keep walking? I'd like to get to class on time."

Harry stared at her, his mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water, and Hermione felt exhaustion settling over her. He couldn't possibly know what Malfoy and she had been through. He didn't know what happened on Saturday. He would never know. And even though the pain of it lurked its way through her psyche, even though she wasn't quite sure how she was going to make it through the day, she felt a strange need to comfort Harry and let him know that everything was not as life-ending as it seemed. Because he had no idea what was really going on, what was quite possibly brewing on the horizon. He didn't know about Greyback, didn't know about the fact that Malfoy was a werewolf and a bunch of other possible things. And it was because he was in the dark that Hermione felt she needed to assuage his fears.

"Harry," Hermione said slowly, placing her hands against his face. "Everything is all right. Malfoy is my friend, and as strange as it probably sounds to both of us, I'm happy to have him in my life. Doesn't that matter to you?"

Harry frowned, and then one of his hands came up to cover her own. "I worry about you, is all. I worry about the decisions you're making, and how they all seem to revolve around him."

Hermione offered him a small smile. "Take solace in the knowledge that every decision I've made in regards to him, I've given ample thought to. We are friends, and I am happy."

"But haven't you stopped to think about ulterior motives? What if he's got something planned? This time last year, we were living in a tent while he did Merlin-knows-what here at Hogwarts. You know people talk about him, right? They talk about the things he did last year, and they're not good things."

Hermione leaned up on the tips of her toes and planted a kiss right on the tip of his nose. "Harry. We are friends, and I am happy."

"Well . . . All right. For now, I shall let it go and see what happens. But I'm not letting him off the wand for anything, and I'll be watching him. Closely. I'll be the judge of whether or not he's friendly."

Hermione laughed and shook her head. "You're so predictable, Harry. Come, let's be off."

They headed off into the castle together, Hermione listening quietly while Harry caught her up on the goings-on in his life. Things had gone well with Ginny at Hogsmeade, and now they had plans to write to one another and "see how things play out." This delighted Hermione, remembering how close Ginny and Harry had been before Fred's death, so to see them working things out was a joy.

McGonagall, apparently, swept through the Eighth Year common room with Bill Weasley on Friday, looking for something, and that had been the height of everyone's weekend.

When Hermione inquired as to what it was they were looking for, he only said, "She wouldn't say. When I asked her what it was, she said it wasn't a thing but an essence. Something like a trace."

Hermione found that odd, Minerva searching for what was essentially a scent and bringing Bill with her. She wondered what, if any, information that Minerva knew, and if it had anything to do with Greyback, Malfoy, or Crabbe?

Hermione did wonder, though. What exactly had Malfoy done last year to gain him such notoriety and infamy?

"Why are you limping?" Harry suddenly asked, looking alarmed. "I didn't notice it before, but now I can clearly see it."

Hermione could sense a tension brewing, so she hurriedly came up with a believable lie. "I twisted my ankle going down the stairs."

"And you didn't heal it?"

"Malfoy isn't a Healer, Harry," Hermione scoffed.

"But you know basic Healing spells," Harry said, sounding perturbed. "Why didn't you heal it?"

Hermione opened her mouth, struggling. The reason why she was limping was because Malfoy struck her so hard that she had a bruise that would likely take weeks to heal, even with Healing spells. It wasn't his fault, of course, but Harry wasn't going to see it that way. Not even Blaise and Narcissa knew the extent of her bruising, and Hermione wanted to keep everyone else from finding out about the Revel if she could.

"I just didn't want to," Hermione said, knowing it sounded lame. "I prefer to let it heal naturally. It's better for the muscle."

"No," Harry spluttered. "No, it's not."

"Yes, it is," Hermione countered. "Natural healing promotes gradual strengthening of the muscle."

"You're wrong," Harry said, and he stopped walking. "You're lying, 'Mione. What happened?'

"I'm not lying! I -"

"Yes, you are. You're lying. What is it that's happened?"

"Nothing!" Hermione said, raising her voice. It echoed around the large, empty corridor.

"All right, now I know you're lying," Harry hissed, hands curled into fists at his sides. "And you were with him when it happened. Which means it's his fault."

"No, Harry!" Hermione cried, her emotions rising up and eclipsing her. "It's not his fault!"

"Oh, so something did happen, then?" Harry was growing visibly angrier and more agitated.

"Please, Harry!" Hermione pleaded, rubbing her face with her hands. "You're simply misunderstanding me. I tripped at the Manor and fell. I twisted my ankle and when I fell down the stairs, I ended up with bruising. That's all."

Harry stared her down for a long, drawn-out moment, and then he cursed and looked away.

"All right, fine. Fine." He took his glasses off and wiped the lenses with the fabric of his wizarding robes. "But let me tell you, if I find out Malfoy's harmed even one hair on your head, he's dead."

Hermione heaved an internal sigh of relief. "Okay."

"Okay." Harry jammed his glasses back onto his face and frowned. "I hope for his sake you're telling the truth, 'Mione. You know, everyone knows where you two were"

"They do?"

"Yes," Harry said with his eyebrows raised. "They do. And everyone in the school is under the impression that the two of you are not just friends."

"Wondrous," Hermione sighed, throwing her hands up. "Well, I say let them talk. It's all they've been doing all year, is talking about me."

Harry gave a wan smile. "Somehow, I think this might be a little different. Before, they were talking out of their asses. Now they have something to back up their ilk."

"Again," Hermione muttered. "Wondrous."

Before lunch, Hermione approached Minerva outside of her office. They decided to walk to the Great Hall together, and Hermione did her best to ensure that her limp wasn't quite so noticeable. She didn't want Minerva to regret allowing her to leave campus for the weekend. She had a feeling it was an Eighth Year student privilege that she might rescind for the other students if she found out Hermione got hurt in some way.

"How did you fare this weekend, my dear?" Minerva asked, clasping her hands in front of her robes as they strolled. "I trust Mr. Malfoy and Mr. Zabini were respectful young gentlemen?"

Hermione smiled. "We had a wonderful time together. Narcissa Malfoy even stopped by for tea."

"Lovely," Minerva said, though there was a hint of an edge to her voice. Hermione recalled seeing Minerva dueling Narcissa at the Battle of Hogwarts, so she was unsurprised to hear it.

"Yes, it was," Hermione replied. At least, that part of the weekend was. The remainder of the weekend? Not so much.

"And how goes the search for your attacker?" Minerva asked. "Has Malfoy updated you?"

"It hasn't gone well."

"I'm unsurprised," Minerva said sadly. "I assigned Malfoy the task hoping he might be able to find things where a professor might not. Professor Weasley and I did some digging, but we were unable to find anything either. I am concerned that the attacker might go unpunished."

"Hm . . . Minerva, may I ask you something?"

"Why, anything, my dear."

"Why is it that you felt confident enough to assign the task of locating my attacker to Draco Malfoy?" Hermione looked up at her curiously. "As you well know, we haven't had the most positive or friendly past together."

Minerva looked back at her over the top of her glasses. "Hermione, I'm old, but I'm not blind. Mr. Malfoy cares for your well-being. That much is clear."

"How do you know?" Hermione asked, asking for more reasons than one.

"Hermione, my dear, students don't often duel their friends in their common rooms in the defense of people they dislike." Minerva smiled. "I was your age once, too, you know."

Hermione ducked her head, hiding a smile. She supposed Minerva was right; Malfoy wasn't exactly quiet about his sudden interest in her. It made sense that Minerva would assume that the nature of their relationship had changed. It wasn't a far stretch, even though Hermione knew what Malfoy had said the previous night.

"Speaking of Crabbe. Any news?"

Minerva frowned. "He hasn't returned to Hogwarts since the day of the Fiendfyre attack, but the Ministry has been notified. If he's spotted, he'll be apprehended."

Remembering how Crabbe hadn't been punished with expulsion for the physical attack on her, Hermione began to worry. She pursed her lips. "Apprehended? Not . . . Arrested?"

They rounded the corner, the doors to the Great Hall coming within sight. Minerva stopped walking.

"Hermione, I promise you that I have every intention of keeping him out of Hogwarts and away from you. It is clear that he holds a certain sentiment toward you that has put you in danger."

"Minerva," Hermione said, threading strength into her voice. "I know what he is. Don't ask me how I know, but . . . I know what he is, and I know that he's registered."

Minerva sighed, slowly turning to look at Hermione. "I won't ask how you discovered it, but I will admit it is a relief. I have been longing to be able to explain to you why I didn't expel him when he attacked you. I notified the Ministry, but my request for his arrest was rejected, and Minister Shacklebolt sent me a letter himself that forbid me from expelling him."

"What d'you mean?"

"A new law was passed this summer that has offered certain . . . Defenses to magical creatures who are registered. This means that when I moved forward with the expulsion, I was threatened with arrest for discrimination. It's the reason why I wasn't able to give Mr. Crabbe more than detention, but was able to expel Mr. Nott quite easily."

"When did this happen? I saw nothing about it in the Prophet," Hermione said, feeling panic and anger welling up within her. This meant that Crabbe would never - could never - be punished for his transgressions. And it absolutely reeked of Greyback. It meant that the Ministry was compromised, through infiltration, or corruption. It meant that no one in power could be trusted, and if Greyback was planning something big, Malfoy and Hermione were on their own with it.

"Neither did I," Minerva said, and she looked worried. "And when I wrote back to Kingsley, imploring him to reconsider, his reply was the same. Crabbe was to be disciplined within the confines of Hogwarts rules. No expulsion or suspension allowed."

"But that's . . ." Hermione was at a loss for words. "It doesn't make any sense."

Minerva shook her head. "It would seem that things are not going as smoothly at the Ministry as we all thought. My largest concern, however, is the students. I must do what I can to keep them safe, no matter what."

"And what if Crabbe comes back?" Hermione asked, unable to keep a certain tinge of bitterness out of her voice. Minerva wanted everyone safe, but didn't seem to realize that Hermione hadn't felt safe for one single day since arriving that year.

"Rest assured: I will do everything in my power to keep him from returning to Hogwarts," Minerva said. She reached out and drew Hermione in for an embrace. "And I apologize to you, Hermione, for not doing my best for you this year as well."

Hermione hugged her back tightly. She knew things must be tough. Losing Dumbledore and then serving under Snape while knowing he was working both sides of the fence, and then becoming Headmistress all within less than two years had to be stressful. Hermione drew up her inner strength. She may be a student, but she was still eighteen. She could take care of herself.

"I forgive you, Minerva," she said, patting Minerva's back. "I'm sure everything will turn out all right. And if the law isn't publicly known, maybe he doesn't know about it. Maybe he'll stay away simply because he fears arrest. No doubt Greyback's got him under his protection."

Minerva gave Hermione a sour look after they parted. "Ah yes. I read about that in the papers. Seems to be a lot of laws being adjusted this year."

"I was surprised, too, and . . ." Hermione trailed off, almost feeling like she wanted to blurt out what happened at the Ministry and the Revel. It wasn't difficult to lie to professors - she, Harry, and Ron had perfected that over the years - but it was not easy to lie to Minerva.

Minerva patted her cheek. "Well, dear, I'd better be getting inside. I have an announcement to make for the Winter holidays. Now, if you need anything at all, please don't hesitate to come to me. I know things have been vastly different with Mr. Malfoy this year, but I still wish for you to remain careful. Even though he has good intentions, he does have a tendency to attract darkness to him, and this is a concern worth taking note of."

Hermione nodded, giving her a faint smile and watching as she bustled off into the Great Hall. Hermione wished she could have told her what happened, wished that she could have gone to her for help or support, but she knew she couldn't. It was too much. Not only was it humiliating to even think about telling someone what happened, but it felt like it was dangerous. It was safer for only she and Malfoy to know the true extent of what went on. It was safer for them to keep it to themselves, and she knew Malfoy wouldn't tell anyone.

Minerva was right about Malfoy, too. No matter how different he seemed, Hermione needed to keep her wits about her. If not to keep her life intact, then to keep her heart from being hurt.

Hermione headed towards the Great Hall, the voices and noise from within getting louder and louder. She froze just out of sight, feeling a strange anxiety coming over her. She felt . . . Dirty, almost. Like everyone inside would know what happened at the Revel, that she'd crawled on the floor and called Malfoy her Master, and they'd judge her. She gulped and took a step backward, her heart racing.

She couldn't go in.

Turning, Hermione ducked her head down and walked away, as fast as her limping legs could carry her.

After a nap and a skipped lunch, Hermione changed into her school uniform and wizarding robes, pulling her thick black nylons on to hide the bruising on her legs. She tried not to think about the Revel and the things that had occurred at it as she made her way to Advanced Potions, knowing that there was no way anyone in school knew what had happened. The only student who had the best shot of knowing was Daphne Greengrass, but somehow, Hermione doubted that Gareth was jumping the wand to tell her what he was doing with his daughter's classmate on Saturday. Hermione forced herself to compartmentalize, wrapping her insecurity and fear into a small pouch inside her mind and tucking it away for later.

"Hey, Hermione," Ron said as she came down the dorm stairs. He happened to be leaving the common room at the same time as her, so it was no difficult feat to fall in-step beside him and head to class together. "Have a fun weekend?"

Hermione glanced up at him, but he didn't seem angry like Harry had been. She wondered if he knew about Luna being a vampire and what that meant for their relationship. It was only a matter of time before she finally followed through on what she and Malfoy had agreed upon, and that was to include Ron and Luna in what was going on with him. She wondered how she could approach it with him. No doubt Luna would be easy to talk to; it was Ron's reaction that Hermione was concerned about.

"I had a lovely time," she said, and it was partially the truth. "How was yours?"

"Oh, it was brilliant," he said with a wide smile. "I finally asked Luna to be my girlfriend. So yeah, it was bloody brilliant."

"Oh, Ronald!" Hermione gushed, the good news erasing all of her worries and fears. She reached for his hand and squeezed it. "I'm so happy for you! I'm sure she's ecstatic."

"I should hope so," Ron laughed, squeezing back. "Took me long enough to get the courage up, but I managed. I wanted to ask her before Christmas because I plan on inviting her and her father to the Burrow."

"I'm glad she said yes," Hermione said as they wove their way past younger students crowding the corridors.

"How did the plan go this weekend?" Ron asked, giving her a pointed look. Then, he lowered his voice. "You brought back the Cloak, yeah?"

Hermione nodded. It was the only piece of fabric that seemed to have survived Malfoy's transformation, though she supposed it had some sort of magical protection to make it indestructible.

"It's back in my dorm," Hermione told him. "And things went . . . How they went. I would like to talk to you both about it, but we'll need to find some time to do so."

"Is it pressing? I've got an essay to study for this week."

"Not exactly," Hermione said with a grimace. It wasn't like they could do anything with the information she'd gleaned from the registration forms, and Malfoy was going to be a werewolf-thing no matter how many days went by. "But it is important."

"All right," he said as they neared the Potions room. "I'll get back to you as soon as I can then, and see when Luna's free, too."

Before they went into the classroom, Hermione stopped him with a hand on his arm.

"By the way, I missed lunch. What was Headmistress McGonagall's announcement?"

"Oh!" Ron smiled. "She said there's going to be a special holiday celebration the night before Winter break begins."

"Like a party?"

"Somewhat," he said with a nod. "But no alcohol since all grades are invited. It's going to be in the Great Hall. I'm not sure if I'll go, though. No firewhiskey? Bloody Hell."

Hermione opened her mouth to speak again, but didn't get the chance. Someone jostled her in their rush to enter class, causing her heart to leap in her chest. She cried out in surprise and terror, stumbling forward and nearly toppling into Ron, who caught her by the elbows.

"Oi!" he said the Seventh Year student. "Watch where you're going, tosser!"

"I'm fine, Ronald," Hermione said, shaking her head out as though it could dissolve the mental images assailing her. It was difficult trying to return to normal when she had the absurd paranoia that every person approaching her from behind was one of Greyback's pack werewolves, or Demetri with his fangs, or Cecilia with her wand.

"Some people are so rude," Ron grumbled, and then he patted her shoulders. "Are you sure you're all right? You look pale."

"Yes," she said, forcing a smile. "Now, let's get to class, hm?"

Hermione sat beside Ron that day, Harry on her other side, and allowed things to feel at least somewhat normal for the class period. It was a lecture day, so all she had to do was take notes and listen to Slughorn moan about the subtle differences in human and goat bezoars.

She did glance behind herself a couple of times, seeing Malfoy with his head pillowed in his arms, sound asleep. She wondered when Malfoy was planning on approaching her to plan when they'd meet, wondered if he'd changed his mind and decided to get blood from Blaise after all.

Blaise gave her a winning smile when she turned, which she merely gave a small wave to. Some students around her gave her strange looks, but she didn't care. Blaise, Slytherin or not, was her friend now.

After class, Hermione decided to walk with Ron and Harry, feeling like perhaps it was best for her to give Malfoy some space. He'd come to her if he wanted to. Neither of her friends noticed her limp, and she carefully schooled her face not to wince in pain. The last thing she wanted to do was have another row with Harry.

But even as they walked, Hermione couldn't shake the distinct feeling that it didn't matter how normal she acted. After the Revel, she'd never be normal again.

"Merlin, I'm getting rather tired of seeing this in the Prophet."

Hermione looked up from her dinner as Harry plopped down in the empty space across from her. Even though she'd made up with her friends and most of her peers had left her alone about her little weekend holiday, it had become common for everyone to maintain a wide berth from Hermione at the table. Whether it was because they weren't keen on her, or because they were scared she'd snap at them because they weren't keen, it often seemed to work out that she had multiple empty spaces around her. Tonight was no different.

"Seeing what?" she said.

"Magical creatures going missing," Harry scowled, slamming his copy of the paper down in front of him. "They just keep disappearing, and no one seems to be doing a thing about it. After the last ones' bodies were found, I thought that would be the end of it, but here we are again."

Hermione frowned but said nothing. She knew it was likely one more thing being covered up by the Ministry, dealt with in the shadows like everything else. Still, it worried her. Who was capturing the creatures, and why?

"I won't be surprised when Greyback pays for their funerals, too," Harry muttered, sighing. "I don't know what the Hell's going on at the Ministry, but it feels wrong."

Hermione's eyes snapped up to look at him and she had the strangest urge to tell him everything she knew. But she couldn't. There were so many reasons why she couldn't. Harry had spent his entire childhood suffering for the wizarding world, and she didn't want him to get pulled into something else. She could handle Greyback. She could handle Malfoy. She could handle all of it.

But you're planning to involve Ron, Hermione heard her own mind point out. What's the difference?

Hermione didn't know. She didn't know why she felt okay involving Ronald and not Harry. She didn't know if it was truly because she didn't want Harry to fight a battle against another crazed madman, or if it was because she felt like Ron had been a bit more understanding where Malfoy was concerned. She knew that her heart wasn't comforted at the thought of Harry knowing everything from the Revel to Malfoy being a werewolf to Greyback being able to control him with a simple order.

"Miss Granger!"

Professor Slughorn's voice sounded out, and Hermione saw the elderly man approach from the doorway on his way to the professors' table. She smiled up at him.

"Hello, Professor Slughorn. I hope you're having a wonderful evening."

Slughorn placed his hands behind his back. "I am, thank you, Miss Granger. Now, I don't wish to interrupt your mealtime, but I wanted to come and tell you post-haste that on the weekends, my classroom is open for you to use the potions lab for whatever you need."

Hermione blinked. "Oh . . . What?"

"Your classmate Mr. Malfoy has so kindly informed me that you have a personal project you wish to work on this year, and I wanted to let you know that the potions lab will be open to you on the weekends for whatever you need." With that, Professor Slughorn wandered off to his table.

Hermione's head slowly turned and she peered down the full table to the Slytherin end, unsurprised to see Malfoy sitting beside Blaise with no plate in front of him. He was saying something to Blaise and when his eyes met Hermione's, she saw them darken a bit.

Could it be that the project Malfoy was referencing was the potion she wanted to work on for her parents? There was no possible way she'd be able to actually accomplish anything with the limited supplies at Hogwarts, but she could at least send for them in the post or procure some at Hogsmeade. Her mind was spinning.

Harry's eyebrows had disappeared beneath his fringe. "Wow. That's . . . Decidedly un-Malfoy of him. What's it for?"

"My parents," Hermione said, her lips curving up into a smile. This was just like when he'd given her the potion for her hands. "Malfoy can be very un-Malfoy when he wants to be."

"Hmph," Harry grunted, narrowing his eyes down the table. "Well."

"Well, indeed," Hermione said, and when she looked at Malfoy again, she couldn't help but grin at him.

He smirked and turned back to Blaise.

"I'm bitter about it," Harry said after a moment. "But only because even I can't deny how sickly-sweet of him that was."

Hermione laughed. "Oh, Harry."

"Is that why Ginny won't get back together with me?" Harry pouted. "Perhaps I need to ask Malfoy for some un-Malfoy tricks."

Hermione held her stomach, tears of mirth springing to her eyes as she continued to giggle. She wondered if Malfoy, with his enhanced hearing, could hear their conversation. "Harry, stop. Goodness."

"I tease, I tease," Harry said, smiling back at her. "I hate the piss out of him, but I'm not going to give you Hell for it anymore. For now. Ooh, I want to try this ham . . ."

Hermione snuck a glance down to Malfoy again, her flattery melting into confusion. If he was spending time kissing her forehead, procuring potions labs for her, then why was he so against mating with her?

Ron and Luna entered then, and Luna sat down beside Hermione, embracing her.

"I trust you had an excellent weekend, Hermione?" she asked softly.

"I did. And Ron spoke to you . . . ?"

"Yes," she said, smiling that dreamy smile of hers. Her hair was worn long and wavy to her hips, with flowers woven amongst the strands. "Soon, we can speak, if that's all right with you? Perhaps this weekend?"

"Your hair looks quite beautiful, Luna," Hermione said, peering closely at the blue flowers. She gasped a bit when she saw them glowing softly.

"Thank you," Luna said, and then she surprised Hermione by pulling one flower out of the blonde tresses. She tucked it into Hermione's curls behind her ear and then beamed at her. "It's a simple charm my mother taught me before she died. The flowers will glow when you're happy."

Hermione pulled out her wand and transfigured her unused spoon into a small mirror. She smiled at her reflection. The flower was a very pretty shade of cerulean. She wondered what the charm could be, as she'd never heard of it before. Though, Hermione wasn't well-versed in charms that weren't for practical use. The only one she knew was a smoothing one for her hair, but it wasn't quite strong enough to tame her mane.

Ron, who had sat beside Harry, was eyeing the discarded issue of the Prophet.

"My dad said something to me about that," he said thoughtfully.

"About what?" Harry asked.

"The missing creatures. Not about the ones in this article, but the previous ones. The group that they found."

"The ones who Greyback funded the funerals of?" Hermione asked, setting the transfigured mirror down on the table.

"Yeah . . . I'm trying to remember what he said . . ." Ron tapped his fork against the side of his head, spreading food in his red hair in a way that only Ron Weasley could. Then, his eyes lit up as Luna pulled out her wand and cast a spell to clean his hair. "Oh! He told me that all of the creatures were unregistered werewolves. Someone told him in the lifts."

Hermione looked alarmed. "All of them? Then why does the Prophet keep reporting their species so vaguely? And why were they skinned when they were found? Merlin, they didn't have any organs, either!"

Hermione's mind was racing again, struggling to make sense of things. Why would someone want to capture werewolves, skin them, take their organs, and discard them in the Thames? And why was the Prophet not stating their species? Hermione had thought it was a variety of creatures. Now that she knew they were werewolves, it did make a bit more sense why Greyback paid for their funerals. It was still suspicious, though.

What was going on?

"I'm not sure," Ron said. "I know about as much as you lot."

"And we know nothing," Harry said.

Hermione averted her eyes to her food. That wasn't entirely true. Hermione knew a great deal more than they did. But she still didn't know enough.

"Scoot."

Hermione paused with a fork full of peach cobbler poised just in front of her lips, her eyes sliding to the right. Malfoy stood there, the strap of his bag slung over his shoulder and a smirk settled upon his face. More than a handful of students were staring at them, and when Hermione glanced down the table, she saw the Parvati twins glaring daggers at her. Ron looked indifferent, Luna was smiling, and Harry appeared as though someone had shaved his head while he slept.

Hermione slid closer to Luna and Malfoy straddled the bench facing Hermione's side. He rested his elbow on the tabletop and propped his chin in his palm, looking directly at Hermione.

"Can I help you?" Hermione asked with an almost playful glare. It was hard to be angry with him for what he'd said the night before when he'd spoken to Slughorn for her. Harry was right - it was sweet of him.

"No," Malfoy said. "Carry on."

There was a bit of an awkward silence, and then Ron cleared his throat.

"Like I was saying . . . My dad doesn't know much. Only what was told to him in the lifts. But it's mighty strange, don't you think?" He resumed eating.

Harry glared at Malfoy for a moment before he looked at Ron. "I think it's strange that it's happened again. What could someone need the body parts of werewolves for?"

"Experiments?" Luna suggested, slurping spaghetti noodles. "Maybe someone's experimenting on them."

"Experimenting on werewolves?" The corners of Harry's lips tugged downward and he raised his brows. "Well, I suppose even though it's far-fetched, it's possible. What would the experiments be for?"

Hermione watched Ron and Harry bounce random ideas off of one another, and once again, the desire to tell Harry what she knew about the registration forms bubbled up within her. She bit her tongue, choosing instead to focus on Malfoy sitting beside her. He was watching Ron and Harry banter with mild disinterest, his silver eyes darting back and forth between the two. He looked tired, and Hermione wondered when he'd be asking her to sneak off to feed.

So absurd, Hermione thought incredulously, how easily I think the word "feed."

"So Ginny told me you were working things out," Ron said to Harry.

Harry deadpanned. "Or we could simply not discuss that in front of Malfoy."

Malfoy smirked. "Please. Don't stop on my account, Potter. I certainly don't care which witch has the misfortune of shagging you."

Harry narrowed his eyes. "Oh, no, Malfoy. I wouldn't want to put a damper on your mood. After all, it can be difficult to hear about things you won't get to experience."

Malfoy's sly reply was quicker than Hermione expected it to be. "Yes, today I lament my lack of shaggery. But tomorrow dawns a new day, Potter. Say, Granger. You're free tomorrow after breakfast, yeah?"

Hermione dropped her fork and shot him a glare so ferocious she thought his head might explode. Ron choked on his drink and looked at Harry, waiting for his reply.

"I loathe you," Harry muttered, pointing his fork at Malfoy.

"Feeling's decidedly mutual," Malfoy said, and then the hand that wasn't propping his head up reached over to pluck a bit of cobbler off of Hermione's plate. She scoffed, watching as he popped it into his mouth, his eyes studying her face as he chewed. "What? Troll got your tongue?"

Hermione pressed her lips together in a thin line, refraining from mentioning his proclivity for nonhuman food. Last she recalled, he couldn't consume anything other than rare meat and blood. And she loved peach cobbler.

Rude.

"No matter," she said matter-of-factly. "I'll just have to get a second piece. Thank you, Malfoy, for the excuse."

As she reached forward to grab another scoop of cobbler from one of the floating dishes, Luna leaned forward around her and looked at him.

"Draco Malfoy, you should be wary," she said, voice grave. "There are creatures out there that like to punish thieves."

Malfoy's fingers tapped against his cheek and his eyes widened in mock-fear. "What sorts of creatures?"

"Blaggerfuries."

"And what, pray, are blaggerfuries?" Malfoy drawled, and Hermione jolted as the forefinger of his free hand twisted around one of her chocolate curls. She kept her eyes on her plate, hoping Harry didn't notice.

"Blaggerfuries are magical creatures that float about, waiting for wizards to gather for meals. They never share and they hate when food is stolen from plates. If you steal food from another's plate, they'll gather 'round you while you sleep and seal your mouth and nostrils shut."

"What do they look like?" Malfoy's hand traveled deeper into Hermione's hair and combed the ends of it slowly, absentmindedly. His silver eyes were focused on Luna. Hermione suppressed the urge to shiver.

"Why, they're invisible, of course," Luna said, sounding awed. She sipped her tea. Hermione wondered where she heard of these supposedly real creatures, and why Hogwarts didn't teach about them in the curriculums.

"And what is their purpose?"

"To kill you," Luna said, smiling.

"Right."

Hermione took a bite of her cobbler, enjoying the taste of the peaches and brown sugar on her tongue, and she turned to look at Malfoy. Past him, she could see students watching them with mixed expressions of disgust and curiosity, and she fought the urge to roll her eyes. She understood why everyone hated him and his family, but Hermione was too compassionate to harbor hatred. She knew it was always best to forgive the people who wronged you, rather than let hatred fester and rot you from within.

Hermione spent the entire Summer watching everyone's lives move on and forward, and every day in the Prophet, more and more Death Eaters were tried and sentenced. Then, one hot Summer night, she dozed off on her patio while reading a book and had a vivid dream about Malfoy. One that when she woke from it, she was left perturbed and unsettled. One that set her to thinking about the nature of the Malfoys' loyalty to Voldemort, wondering whether it was loyalty out of true belief, or loyalty out of fear. She thought about it so much that she began to realize that the Malfoys were a family that acted out of necessity and followed a predestined path that was laid out for them long before Voldemort even existed. Traditionally, they were cowards.

Cowards survived.

She wished everyone understood that people were not all good or all bad. That just because Malfoy had done bad things, didn't mean that he was unforgivable. That he was just a kid, like the rest of the students at Hogwarts and when faced with following Voldemort or watching his loved ones die, he chose the lesser of two evils.

One of the worst parts of the wizarding world was their penchant for violence no matter what side they were on. If the side of dark had won, they would have punished the light using violence, and vice versa. It didn't matter who won: either side would have been satisfied to watch the losers burn.

Of course, after Hermione watched him standing up to Greyback the way he had, shouting "No!" when Greyback demanded he surrender, there was no way she could ever consider him a coward. Cowards surrendered. Malfoy hadn't.

What had happened during Seventh Year that caused everyone else to jump on the bandwagon of hating him? The more she was told of how evil he was then, the more concerned she became. Hermione knew she could simply ask any student who had been at Hogwarts during the war, but for some reason, she never could quite muster up the wherewithal to do so.

I think it's because I'm scared of what the answer will be.

Malfoy's fingers combed through the hair at the back of her head again, the gentle scratching of his nails against her scalp drawing her mind's attention away from her worries and up to the way the movement relaxed her. She didn't even care that everyone could see. It was quite nice, actually, the fact that he was at least sitting with them, and the most they were doing was bickering back and forth. It was better than hexing one another.

"What are you doing, Scarhead?" Malfoy sighed, his head rolling to look at Harry and the hand that had propped his head up slamming lightly down.

Harry, who had been peering at Malfoy with one eye shut and his tongue hanging out of the side of his mouth, smirked. "Just trying to imagine what you'll look like with my pumpkin juice all over your face. I'm planning on tossing it at you in 3 . . . 2 . . ."

"It'll look loads better than you do right now.".

"Honestly, you two," Hermione said, and then she pressed her fingers to her temples. "You're giving me a headache."

Malfoy's hand moved to her scalp and his fingers massaged the skin, kneading it like dough. Hermione couldn't help it - she closed her eyes and leaned into his touch. She didn't have a headache, but it did do wonders for the rest of her body.

"So . . . Ginny?" Ron said, redirecting as he continued to eat. "You're just about the only bloke I'll allow near her, so I'm rooting for you."

"That's . . . The kindest thing you've ever said to me, Ron," Harry said.

"This is pretty," Malfoy murmured. Hermione felt his fingers touching her ear as they caressed the flower Luna had given her. "Oh, it glows."

Hermione blushed and took a bite of her dessert. She felt Luna leaning into her other side, and the two shared a secret smile.

"What do you plan to do to win her over?" Ron asked Harry seriously. "Because Ginny's got a certain way about her. You can't buy her another damn dresser."

Malfoy snickered. "You bought your bird a dresser?"

"So did Ron," Harry said. "Dressers are practical. And not everyone needs to buy a girlfriend. Some of us just like to buy special gifts from time to time."

"Granger hasn't cost me a dime," Malfoy said nonchalantly.

Hermione blanched, panic blooming in her body and without thinking, she smacked Malfoy in the chest. She glared at him and then smacked him again. Then, for good measure, she gave him another smack, and he breathed out a laugh. She felt the hand that was still in her hair twisting slightly and a glint entered his eyes. It was strangely familiar.

A warning, of sorts?

"Honestly, Malfoy," Hermione said. But she didn't have it in her heart to correct him. She wasn't his girlfriend, of course, but she allowed herself to be selfish. Just this once, because it didn't feel as awful as Harry's indignant glare made it seem.

"Shut up, Malfoy," Harry sneered. "Hermione's not your girlfriend."

"And he's right; I got Luna a dresser just this weekend," Ron interjected, his eyes meeting Hermione's. Harry still didn't know the real reason why she'd asked to borrow the Cloak.

Luna's head looked up, a confused light dancing in her eyes, and Hermione quickly pinched her thigh.

"The dresser you loved, Luna, do you recall?" Hermione asked, and met Luna's eyes with silent desperation.

Luna beamed across the table at Ron. "Yes. I recall. I really needed the dresser. There's creatures that love to frequent old dressers, so it's important to replace them every year to keep them away. If not, they'll eat holes in your clothes that you won't be able to see until you put them on."

Damn. She was good.

"The day I purchase a dresser for my girlfriend as a gift is the day Emeric the Evil returns to life," Malfoy said with a huff. Hermione flinched slightly with surprise as his fingers began to comb their way through her curls again. "At the very least, purchase her an entire bedroom set. Don't be cheap, Pothead."

"Shut up, Malfoy!" Harry snarled, slamming his fist down on the table.

"Watch you don't hurt that Chosen skin, Potter," Malfoy said with a yawn. "Anger causes wrinkles, and you've got to be camera ready at all times."

"Honestly!" Hermione cried, jamming her fork into her cobbler. "You two are insufferable!"

Luna giggled. "I find it rather endearing."

Ron smiled at her, almost mischievous in the way he did so. "That's because you find everything endearing, lovely."

"I find you endearing, Ronald," Luna said, resting her chin on her intertwined fingers and beaming up at him across the table.

"Sickening," Malfoy said, and then he tugged on one of Hermione's curls. "Are we that sickening, Granger? Is that why the Patil twins look green?"

Hermione opened her mouth, flabbergasted and at a loss for words. Malfoy was more insufferable on his own than he was when bantering with Harry! He was the King of antagonization. Still, she looked past him at the twins, and he was right. They were glowering at their odd group and they looked like they were going to be physically ill if Malfoy didn't simply keel over and die right there at the table.

"Hm, perhaps we're not sickening enough. Come here," Malfoy growled. Then, he wrapped his arm around her back and hooked his hand around her hip, dragging her flush against him.

Hermione stiffened, fully expecting Harry to explode, but when she looked at him, he was turned to Ron. Her entire face turning beet red, she turned to chastise Malfoy. Her voice caught in her throat when she realized how close he was, his smirking, handsome face mere inches from her own.

"You are being more pratty than usual," she said, her hands curved around the edges of her plate. Her eyes dipped from his to his lips, which she saw curving into a deeper smirk.

"And you are being less swotty than usual. Have you come down with something?" He tilted his head to the side, his hair falling into his eyes, and Hermione lost her breath.

"Yes, of which the only medicine is distance from you," Hermione said, wrinkling her nose and scooting back to her previous spot. She tucked back into her dessert, ignoring when his hand immediately returned to her hair. There was no stopping him. He was determined to cause problems.

"You could always take her somewhere fanciful during the holiday?" Ron was suggesting to Harry around a mouthful of mash.

"I could, and I entertained the thought. But that's not the best thing I could. The best thing I could do is - Merlin, fuck! Stop it! Just stop that!"

"Stop what?" Hermione asked, wondering why Harry was angry with her for picking at the contents of her cobbler. "I don't like marshmallows!"

"No, not that!" Harry gestured towards Malfoy, irate. "He's got his snakelike hands all over you, in your hair! It's gross!"

Hermione felt like she was blushing so hard that her body was going to go into shock. Why did Malfoy have to be so . . . Malfoy? Her shoulders came up as she attempted to shrink herself down and she glanced quickly up at Malfoy. His smirk was gone and he looked irritated as he, with his hand still holding a few of her curls, snapped at Harry.

"She's mine, Potter. I can do whatever the Hell I want with her hair."

Harry looked as pale as Nearly Headless Nick. He stared at Malfoy, then at Hermione, and then at his knife. He stared at that knife for a long, long moment. He reached for the blade.

"I was going to use this for my ham . . ."

Hermione scowled, exasperated. "Harry. Friends. Happy. Remember?"

Harry and Hermione locked eyes, a silent battle of wills taking place. Even though she wished everyone could just get along, she knew that was almost impossible with their past. But Malfoy wasn't making it any easier; he was egging Harry on. And Harry was too bitter, his vision clouded by rage and hatred. Someday they might come to some sort of compromise, but for now, they just needed to be separate.

She was just going to have to face it. Harry was not going to be able to be involved in Malfoy's transformation, nor what was happening with Greyback.

"Fine," Harry finally bit out through clenched teeth. "No stabbing today."

"No stabbing ever," Hermione threatened. Then, she looked at Malfoy. "Wipe that smirk off of your face, Malfoy. You're just as much to blame for this."

Malfoy did not, in fact, wipe his smirk. He simply turned it on her and let his hand slide down to the small of her back. She felt his fingers burning through the fabric of her robes and button-up.

Hermione stood up, heaving a sigh as she turned to Malfoy. Neither one of the boys was going to let up, and trying to make them suddenly get along was like trying to bathe a kneazle. It wasn't going to happen.

"I'm off to the Library," she announced. She turned to go and then, she paused and drew up some Gryffindor courage. She cast Malfoy a glance over her shoulder. "Coming, then?"

Malfoy shot Harry a smug look and then stood up in one fluid motion. "Right behind you, Granger."

"No snogging in the Library!" Ron teased, and it was so bizarre to hear him doing so that Hermione just stared at him until he grimaced and tucked back into his food.

"I'll see you tomorrow, Hermione!" Luna said in a trilling tone. "Go ahead and keep the flower. It's charmed to live forever."

"Thank you, Luna," Hermione said, and then she gave Harry a look. "I'll see you tomorrow, Harry?"

"Yes," Harry said with a smile, and then he glared at Malfoy. "And I'll see you everywhere. Because I'm watching you, you wanker."

"Brilliant," Malfoy said, pulling the strap of his bag up onto his shoulder. "I never took you for a scoptophilic chuffer, but I'm happy to deliver. Do you prefer me naked, or . . . ?"

"You fucking . . . !" Harry grabbed his pumpkin juice and lifted it up and back, preparing to throw it. It sloshed over the sides of the cup.

"Harry!" Ron and Hermione scolded at once, both sending surreptitious glances down to the professors' tables. The last thing they all needed was detention for starting a food fight in the Great Hall.

Malfoy laughed then and Hermione caught herself staring up at him the same way she had when she'd seen him laughing with Blaise. She wished she could tell him how different he looked when he truly laughed. How the worry lines and tiredness vanished, and he lit up from within like a deluminator had just snapped him to life. She wished she could tell him that she would give up every galleon in her Gringotts account just to see him laugh more. She wished she could tell him that she liked his smile if she wasn't so afraid telling him would make him hide it.

"Now, Granger, let's be off . . ."

He leaned down, his hand still against her lower back, and she felt his lips graze her ear.

". . . . I'm hungry."

Right. That.




 

 

Invisible


I Don't Think We Have It by Future Jr., Ludens by BMTH, Bad Idea by Ariana Grande, and Find You by Ruelle

Draco POV

Something was wrong.

Draco didn't know if it started when Granger mentioned demons, or if it started long before that, but something was wrong.

When they got back to Hogwarts, everything seemed fine. He didn't feel any differently than normal, just hungry and tired, but willing to wait until later. He hadn't lied to Granger when he told her he spoke to Blaise. He did speak to him, but he just didn't want Blaise's blood. He wanted Granger's. But he'd known that was almost out of the question, after what he'd said, so he tried to apologize in his own way.

She wasn't having it.

He'd tried to talk to her again, even though Potty was lingering nearby, because he didn't care about anything other than making things right. He hadn't known exactly how to do it, so he'd simply made it clear he would find her. The forehead kiss was unnecessary, but again, Potty was nearby. And Granger was his, so if he wanted to kiss her forehead, then he would.

So things that day had started off relatively normal, and Draco hadn't had any reason to think it would be any different than any other day. Which was saying something, since their weekend had been traumatic and nightmarish. His guilt was becoming as normal as any other emotion he felt, so the fact that he wished he could follow Granger around all day just to watch over her wasn't out of the ordinary, either.

He knew what he'd said was confusing and totally not what he'd meant to imply, but at the same time, it was somewhat true. Not because of who she was, but because of who he was. There was no way in Merlin's hut that he was going to ask her to mate with him for life just to keep him alive when all he'd done this year was fail to protect her. She'd been through Hell, and a lot of it was either preventable or directly his fault.

Draco didn't know much about Veelas, but if that's what he was and he really did have to mate to stay alive, he assumed it would have some all-encompassing emotional effects. If he took away her freedom to love or marry whoever she wanted, on top of everything else horrible he'd done to her, he'd regret it for the rest of his life.

Everything was so fucked up. It was just fucked up. He knew he shouldn't even be speaking to her after taking her to a damn Revel. He knew he didn't deserve her - he didn't even deserve to breathe her air. After he'd kissed her on the forehead, he'd known he was too selfish and deserved to wither. He'd had no intentions of finding her later, even though he desperately wanted to, but he couldn't keep taking and taking from her when he had nothing to give her in return.

He was irredeemable, and he deserved no part of her.

As the day wore on and the exhaustion settled in, Draco began to notice that things weren't as normal as he'd thought they would be. He began to notice that his wolf was uncharacteristically quiet and the other part of him, the part that he hadn't yet been able to name?

It was talking to him.

It started with a whisper, like a gentle breeze on a warm Spring day. Simple questions that he thought were coming from within his own mind. Questions like, are you sure you're not hungry? Or, don't you just wish this professor would shut up? Or, why are you moving aside for them? Shouldn't they be moving aside for you? Questions that seemed harmless, coming from an immature place of intrusive thinking. Questions that he hadn't given deep thought to.

Next came the anger. It wasn't as ferocious as the anger he felt on the second day of the full moon cycles, but it was present and unable to be ignored. He was angry at his professors for talking too much or too loud or too quiet. He was angry with Blaise for being much too chipper in the morning, and then again, much too chipper at lunch. He was angry with the doors for being in his way, or angry with the sun for being too bright in the late Fall, or angry with the numbness in his fingers from it being too cold in the castle. He was angry with everything, and the voice in his head told him so.

By the time the voice was telling him to pin Granger down on the Eighth Year table at dinner, he knew there was something seriously dangerous going on.

Not only was that not conducive to the environment, but it was not warranted. At all. Especially because he was in class, and nowhere near Granger or the Great Hall. He'd lifted his sleepy head from his arms quickly after that, feeling as though the request had been whispered into his ear from the left. Or maybe it was the right? He wasn't sure. He just knew he'd heard it. But when no one else budged from their quiet note taking, he'd realized the demand had been spoken into his head, and not in a nice way.

His fangs finally presented, too.

He was standing outside of the Great Hall before lunch, debating whether or not to even attend since he didn't eat human food any longer anyway. He could stomach rare meat, but the rest of it, his body simply rejected. He had eaten a bite of peach cobbler, but it was so small it had no adverse affect.

He tried Blaise's blood after the train ride. It tasted flat and dead. He didn't know how he was going to overcome that and even though mentally he thought he should just starve to death, physically he was too much of a coward to do it. He had only one other option, and that was to go back to what he and Granger had been doing before, and to stop fighting his bloodlust for her.

In through the doors, he could see that Granger hadn't arrived yet to the Hall. After the unsettling thoughts he'd had regarding her that day, he was glad for it. He was wondering if he should even bother going in, if maybe he should just go back to the dorm, when the faint scent of blood reached his nostrils. He'd glanced behind him and seen a small group of Second Years huddled around a witch with tears in her eyes and a bloodied palm, and a discarded Eversharp Quill floating to the ground.

Kill her, the voice said simply. Kill them all, and eat her.

By the time he realized it was his top two canine teeth that were jabbing down into his tongue, growing and lengthening into sharp fangs, he was already turning on his heel to go back to the dorms.

He'd spent the entirety of lunch sitting on the edge of his bed, warring with himself in an attempt to keep from going back to the Great Hall and devouring everyone in sight. He'd never felt so ravenous, even when he'd gone days without feeding, and he'd dug his fingernails into his forearm over his Dark Mark until he drew blood.

And all the while, the voice continued to whisper, Kill them all, and eat them.

By the time dinner rolled around, he couldn't stand it anymore. He didn't care if everyone was watching. He didn't care if Granger's friends despised him. He didn't care that he'd fucked up the previous night by telling her something he didn't actually mean, something he hadn't worded correctly. The voice inside of his head told him to take what was his, and so he got up and went to sit beside her. And even though he engaged in annoying bickering with Scarhead, all of his attention was devoted to Granger. Her hair, her smile, her face, her . . .

Pulse.

As they left the Great Hall and escaped into the quiet darkness of the corridor, he had to force himself to keep his hands at his sides. He could smell her. It filled his head with hunger wrapped in a fuzziness that allowed him to think of nothing else but her.

"I'm not sure what we're going to be able to find," Granger was saying as they strolled, "but I'm hoping there's something in either the supernatural creatures section, or with the History of Magic books."

"And what exactly are we looking for?" He kept his eyes trained forward.

"Anything we can find on demons. If possible," she said, sounding troubled. "Incubi, specifically."

"And what makes you so sure that's the right one?"

"Nothing makes me sure," she said with a bit of a shrug. "But it's a good point to start at."

"Right," he said. The voice in his head was starting to whisper again, mingling with the faint growls of his wolf, and it was taking every fiber in his being to keep his face on the corridor ahead, and not on her throat.

"I don't know much myself, but I do know that Muggles are quite fascinated by the study of demonology," Granger said as they neared the Library entrance. "They make movies, read books, and pass stories down. Legends, if you will."

"Movies?" Draco frowned.

"Yes, like moving pictures, but with sound, and they go on and on." Granger looked at him strangely. "I knew your family was against all things Muggle, but I'm honestly surprised you've never seen a movie. I guess that means you've never been to a movie theater, hm?"

"I've been to the theater," Draco said, glancing down at her. "It was a play, with actors and singing."

"Ah," Granger replied. "Not quite the same, but . . . Maybe I'll have to show you sometime."

"Maybe you will."

She looked up at him sharply, but he was too focused on keeping his eyes away from her to care.

They walked into the Library, which was empty during the dinner hour, and Draco followed Granger through the stacks. She talked to herself as she searched, under her breath, and it helped Draco to focus on the sounds leaving her lips.

"Hmm . . . This one might work, but I'm not sure . . . This might have a section in it, but I can't be one hundred percent certain . . . Let's take this one . . . Oh, and this one!"

Draco blinked when Granger turned to him with three books in her grasp and shoved them against his chest. He stared at her.

"Why don't you just use wingardium leviosa?" he asked as he held the books.

She placed another one in his arms. "I don't really feel like casting the same spell over and over. Do you?"

"I don't have a new wand yet," he replied, frowning as she put two more atop the others. They barely weighed anything for him with the new strength running through his body, but it was annoying.

"Yeah, well. My wand, my rules," Granger muttered. She reached up on the tips of her toes to take down a book about summoning spells and then placed it on top of the other five books. "And I'm not lazy."

"You're saying magic is lazy?" Draco asked, cocking an eyebrow.

"Yes, I am, actually," she replied, casting a scathing look over her shoulder. "There's no world where using spells to get dressed, make tea, and cook food is not lazy."

"It's not lazy," Draco protested as he followed her around the corner and down the aisle towards the history section. "It's helpful."

Granger pulled out a book and opened it, flipping through the pages. "Helpful is what you're doing, Malfoy." She looked up and smiled at him, a real smile, and Draco blinked at how startlingly beautiful she looked. "Carrying these books for me."

Before Draco knew what he was doing, or why, he leaned down and kissed her.

Her lips were soft, softer than he'd expected, and the fact that he'd caught her by surprise mattered little to him. It was not like the first time they'd kissed, with the passion and the fire and flame. This time was the light dusting of Winter's first snow. The chill that nips your nose when you step outside in the early morning. It was light and gentle, and it was his way of telling her he thought she was beautiful without ever needing to utter the words.

When he pulled back a hair's breadth, she gasped slightly, and their eyes met.

"I'd say it's a bit of both," he breathed out. "Helpful on my part; lazy on yours."

"Oh."

"Oh?"

"Oh." And she smiled, a graceful twist of the lips. Then she turned back to the bookshelves. When her fingers skimmed the spines of the books, he saw they were shaking.

Once Granger had selected one final book on dimensions, they headed to a study alcove. Draco stole a chair from the next alcove over and pulled it up beside the table Granger sat at, their knees brushing against one another's. Granger didn't react, but Draco gritted his teeth and fought against his urge to lean down and bite her. He'd never exactly had the urge to bite before, but right now, he was having a difficult time not doing so. Especially now that he knew he had fangs after all.

"Well, this book has a lot of nothing," Granger said, eyes rolling as she set the first book aside. "Let's try this history book."

"I'll try . . . This one," Draco said, selecting the book about dimensions. He flipped through it, most of the information blowing through his mind like a rainstorm.

All he could think about was bleeding her dry.

The two of them settled into a silence that for Draco, was anything but comfortable. Every second that passed by felt like an eternity, and every time they turned a page in their books, he felt like the sound grated on his eardrums. It felt like he was being shoved down into a small cage, with his wolf pacing the perimeter and the voice in his head surrounding him from all sides.

She's weak, it said. Much weaker than you. It would be so simple. So, so simple.

It would be simple. He knew that. He was much stronger than her. It would be like lifting a small animal. All he would need to do was grab her by the back of the neck, shove her head down onto the desk, and render her unconscious. Then, then he could eat. And he was so, so hungry.

Just like at the Revel, remember? The voice whispered, echoing softly in his head. All you had to do was squeeze, and she was helpless. You just need her to be helpless.

He ran a dry tongue across his top lip slowly, his eyes lingering on her from the side. She was hunched over her book, her finger sliding across the page as she read aloud under her breath. Her hair was all over the place, as usual, and it covered her neck, shoulders, and upper arms. Draco lifted one hand, his fingers hovering over the curls, trembling.

Do it. Do it now. Feed.

No, he thought in response, his hands balling into fists on his lap. He tore his eyes away from her and stared at his book, the words blurring together as he focused all of his energy on willing the voice into silence.

Kill her.

"Shut up," he hissed, squeezing his eyes shut.

Granger lifted her head and looked at him. "Excuse me?"

"What?" Draco schooled his face into giving nothing away as he looked at her.

"You just told me to shut up, but I wasn't saying anything."

"No, I know," he said. "I didn't say anything."

Granger narrowed her eyes. "Yes, you did. You -"

"I didn't say anything, Granger," he said, voice coming out in a growl. He turned his attention back to his book, even though the words meant nothing to him any longer.

He felt Granger's gaze burning into him and when he looked up, he felt caught.

"What's going on?" she asked, and she sounded suspicious.

"Nothing."

"Something is going on, Malfoy."

Draco opened his mouth, debating whether or not to tell her what had been happening. He knew if he told her, they'd have more proof as to what he was, and perhaps she might know something about it. He knew if he told her, she could help. But something inside of him snatched the words up before they could leave his throat, telling him that if she knew, it would be too dangerous.

"Nothing is going on," Draco said. "I just got confused."

"Confused?"

"Yes, confused. Now, will you get back to reading? I'd like to figure out what's wrong with me as much as you."

"Hm . . . Well," she said with a huff. Then, she tapped her finger on the passage she was reading. "This might mean nothing, but in this book about the history of magic in the medieval times, there was a Scottish sorcerer who tried to summon a demon for an unknown reason in 1350."

"Did he succeed?"

"It just says, 'The Scottish sorcerer Gamelin MacGriogair was killed in the process of summoning the demon Azag in Argyll, Scotland. It is believed that he failed, however some believe the subsequent appearance of the Bubonic Plague shortly after his home burned down is an indicator that he succeeded. Azag, according to some texts, is primarily summoned using the magic of a contained star, and the ruins of MacGriogair's home was reported to contain trace amounts of stardust.' So they're saying -"

"The swottiness positively drips from your tone when you read aloud. I mean, wow."

She glared at him. "So they are saying, you arsehole, that some believe that the Bubonic Plague was caused by the demon Azag, and the process of summoning said demon killed the wizard who summoned it."


"No, it's just a little blurb on the side of this passage regarding the Bubonic Plague. Muggles believe the disease was spread by rats, but wizards state that it was actually caused by dark magic. But this little blurb posits a lesser known myth about its origins."

"Huh."

"Yes, interesting."

"So you're thinking I'm possessed by the demon Azag?" Draco looked at her in disbelief that he didn't feel. After all, it was possible.

He'd been hearing something talking to him all day.

"No, and that's why I said it might mean nothing. But it does prove that demons can possibly be summoned from somewhere, and that they might be able to influence our world."

"Key word: possibly." Draco dragged his fingers through his hair. "And I did no summoning, so that would mean someone else summoned it and inserted it into my body."

Granger ducked her head to hide her smile. "Inserted it, hm? I wasn't aware demons could be inserted."

"Neither was I," Draco said, shutting the cover on the book he was reading. "Yet here we are, and you're implying that I've been inserted into."

Granger began to laugh, and even Draco's lips twitched at the immaturity of the conversation. It helped, distracting him from the way the voice continued to whisper at him. He listened to her laugh. The soprano of her voice was light and melodic, like the song of a flower fairy on a Spring day. He focused on the laughter and reminded himself that as strange as it was, he cared about Hermione Granger and he in no way, shape, or form wanted to kill her.

Draco, realizing he was simply staring at her, grabbed another book and hurried to busy himself with it.

"I have a suggestion, but you may not like it," Granger said after her laughter faded, her mouth pulling down into a grimace.

"What is it?" Draco asked, eyes still scanning a passage about interdimensional travel and the dangers of magical core splinching.

"A Muggle bookstore," she said. "Like I said, Muggles are very intrigued by this sort of thing. They have entire stores dedicated to the occult. That's what they call it - the occult."

Draco slowly looked at her. "You want to go back off campus after . . . ?"

"Well, not right away, of course," she said quickly. "Perhaps on Winter holiday?"

Did that mean . . . ?

Draco casually looked back down at the book, his heart beating a bit faster. "Perhaps we could stop at your cottage to feed your kneazle and stop off in Muggle London . . . Before we head to Denmark?"

He heard her turn a page.

"Perhaps we could. Although, Crookshanks isn't a kneazle. He's a cat."

Draco looked at her sidelong, preparing to argue semantics. Granger stopped him, however, when she gasped and tossed her hair over her shoulder. The movement caused her freesia scent to hit his nostrils like a forceful breeze and he nearly shoved his chair back from the seat. He stared at her and he could feel that his eyes were wild.

Granger, who hadn't noticed his reaction, began to speak excitedly.

"This book mentions MacGriogair again! It says there was a possible sighting of him in 1353 by surviving members of his village, but no one could be sure because it was hearsay."

"Okay," Draco said slowly, more to himself than to her. He was trying his damndest to remain calm, to separate his senses from his hunger and tell himself that she smelled good, and that was it. That he didn't have to act on it. That he didn't have to listen to the voice.

"The book goes on to say that there is potential for the demon Azag to have entered MacGriogair's form and spread the plague in some way, but since he was never seen at any time past 1353, it's impossible to say." Then, she grinned at him while flipping pages frantically. "And the best part is, it offers a source for where the author got the information! And . . . And it's right . . . Here! Medieval Sorcery by Haggerty Prim."

Draco nodded, refusing to look up from his book. He was terrified that if he locked eyes with her, he might lunge.

"Let me see if it's here somewhere," Granger said, and she whipped out her wand. "Accio Medieval Sorcery by Haggerty Prim."

The two of them waited, tilting their heads and listening for the telltale sound of an object whistling through the air. When nothing came, Granger heaved a theatrical sigh.

"Bollocks." She was quiet for a moment. "Perhaps on the next Hogsmeade trip, I can go to Tomes and Scrolls and see if they either have that specific book, or something else he's written. Or, at the very least, some information about Prim as an author."

"What ever would we do without your swotty self, Granger," Draco said, flipping the page in his book to appear busy. He briefly skimmed a paragraph about Grindylows and then snapped the book shut. When he chanced a quick glance at her, she was glowering at him.

"I shall choose to ignore that," she said, and then she slapped her palms lightly against the tabletop. "Well, I think it's safe to say we won't learn anything about demons here tonight, so I think we should focus on what we know, and what we can find here."

Draco raised an eyebrow.

She said, "We know you're a werewolf. We also know that you consume blood. Veela is still on the parchment, as far as I'm concerned, so we should read up a bit deeper on those two species and see what can be done to help you cope. What are you?"

He stared at her. ". . . That's the question, innit? Merlin, woman, you can be -"

"No, Malfoy!" She waved her hands, brow furrowing in annoyance. "I mean your heritage. German, Welsh, English, etc?"

If he wasn't Draco Malfoy, he would have been embarrassed.

"Oh. I'm French."

"Thank you. I'll be right back."

With that, she stood up and wandered off. Draco remained seated, willing his blood to cease boiling, and his mind to go quiet. He didn't want to hurt Granger. He didn't understand what was going on with him, but he knew he didn't want to hurt her.

"Here." Granger's hand slid into view as she held a book out to him. "You read this, and I'll read this one. It's a book about French Veelas specifically. French Veelas are typically female, but there may be some useful information in it."

"Werewolves by The Wolfman?" Draco sighed after reading the title of the book she handed him. "Seems a bit on the nose, hm?"

"Well, you're a werewolf, aren't you?" She reclaimed her seat.

He didn't feel like laughing. "I wasn't aware. Thank you, Queen Swot, for informing me."

She shot him a look and began flipping through her book. "I should take notes on this."

"I'm surprised you haven't been. You take notes on the sunrise, so . . ."

"You sure are snarky today," Granger muttered as she reached into her bag and withdrew parchment, a stoppered inkpot, and a quill. "Gone is the suave gentlewizard that sat beside me at dinner, it would seem."

"He's still here," Draco retorted. The words on the page were blurring again. "He's just taking a backseat to the wolf."

She scoffed, plucking the cork out of her inkwell. "Oh, honestly, Malfoy. Are you telling me it's like Multiple Personality Disorder? You've got a bunch of people in your brain, and the others take naps whenever one is talking?"

"I refuse to pretend I know what Muggle nonsense Multiple Whatever Dis-what's-it is." He stared down at a paragraph about full moon cycles, which he knew more intimately than the book's author suspected. "And for your peace of mind . . ."

Draco trailed off. The thought of telling Granger that she was right, that it was a matter of having multiple personalities existing inside of him at once, terrified him. It meant that he didn't have complete control of his faculties, that he was lost. After the things that happened at the Revel, he didn't know if she realized it, but he was on thin ice. He had placed himself on thin ice with her. He was already a fuck-up. He didn't need her to have more reasons to be wary around him.

"For my peace of mind, what?" She was writing on the parchment, and he wondered if she was even paying close attention to the conversation.

"For your peace of mind, this book is a waste of my intellect. It tells me nothing I don't already know about myself. It tells me what a werewolf is, and how it happens. But it doesn't tell me what it's like to be a wolf."

"Provided we're assuming you have intellect to waste, you're saying you need a firsthand account. You need to talk to a werewolf."

"Provided we're assuming you have any intellect at all, you might be right. I think the only way I'm going to understand alpha wolves, beta wolves, and Greyback's power over me is to talk to a werewolf who is a member of a pack. Preferably not one of his wolves, though."

He sensed the air between them cooling at the mention of Greyback's name and she fell silent as she wrote a couple of sentences. Draco read and reread the same passage about the study of lycanthropy as a disease and not a curse, until he thought the letters might melt into the page itself.

In his mind, he saw the events of the Revel flashing on and off. His ability to remain calm under pressure was no doubt a skill, but when faced with Greyback's power, it was like shoving against a stone wall. The loss of power showed Draco that being beholden to an alpha was no better than being a Death Eater and answering to the Dark Mark. He was essentially a slave to Greyback. Greyback could control him, and Draco had no idea how to overpower him. He did need to talk to a werewolf, if only to find out if there was a way to break free.

"I suppose we could speak to Professor Weasley," Granger said eventually, her quill scratching her parchment. "He's not a werewolf, but he was scratched by one and experiences many of the affects. I've spoken to his mother about it before. Perhaps he knows -"

"No. I don't . . ." Draco frowned again. "I don't fancy my enemies knowing things about me. Things that make me weak."

"He's not an enemy." She paused in her writing, scowled, and then continued it. "You're so dramatic. He is a bloody professor. It's not like he follows you around and has a shrine to you in his room where he plots your demise. Honestly, Malfoy."

"He's my enemy. He isn't fond of me. I promise you that if he finds out what I am, he'll go straight to McGonagall, who will in turn go directly to the Ministry. They'll force me to register. Frankly? No, thank you."

Granger whirled on him in her chair. "Well that's the law, isn't it?"

"I said no, Granger. You don't speak to Weasley, you hear me?"

Granger lifted her chin. "You know it can only end badly, keeping your status quiet. What happens when it gets out? What happens if you graduate and go to work for your father's company and it gets out then? You could be punished in some way by the Ministry for the omission."

"I could lose everything by registering, do you not comprehend that?"

"You would not lose everything," she protested. "If Greyback was allowed the money and - and the properties and the - the estates -"

"Greyback," he said while slamming his fist on the book in front of him and glaring at her, "is filth. He is filth who is almost certainly using alternative means of to get what he wants out of the Ministry. I couldn't even fight back against him. What makes you think I would be awarded some form of leniency? What makes you think I'd be an exception to the law? Should I just," he waved an arm theatrically, "imperio the Head Auror and the entire Auror Department?"

"You did fight back."

"What?"

"You did." Her facial expression took on a soft, empathetic look and his heart wrenched at the memory. "You did fight back."

"And I lost."

"It doesn't matter whether you win or lose. What matters is that you try."

Draco felt his wolf growling and the voice in his head began to hiss, She's going to tell. All the more reason to eliminate her now, while you can.

Granger sighed, exasperated. "I am not asking you to fight a battle. I'm not asking you to win a war. Godric, I'm not even asking you to register with the bloody Ministry! I'm asking you to get help where you can. Professor Weasley -"

She's going to tell. Kill her.

"No."

"Professor Weasley is -"

Rip her throat out. Silence her before she ruins everything.

"No."

"Draco Malfoy! Will you let me finish my sentence?"

Whore! Fucking slut with her disgusting mouth! Kill her now!

"I fucking said no, Granger!"

Draco picked up the werewolf book and tossed it past her head with all the force he had in his body. She screamed and ducked away from it with her hands up. It crashed against the wall behind her and she looked up at him in terror.

He threw himself back away from the chair, sensing it toppling onto its back. He held his forefingers up, panting heavily and staring anywhere but at her. After the tense conversation he'd had with Bill Weasley in his classroom, he absolutely, under no circumstances, could know what Draco was.

"Just," he said, "no. I said no. I meant no. I'm all right with the Weasel and Luna Lovegood knowing. And only with a Vow. They say no to a Vow, then we tell them nothing. But not Professor Weasley."

Granger, with her shoulders hunched, slowly lowered her hands. She turned them to hold her palms outward in a defensive position. Then, she started to speak, but was cut off.

"Are you determined to be banned from the Library? Merriweather's apron, I come back from dinner to hear the walls of this castle coming down!" Madam Pince stormed into the opening of the alcove. Her eyes went wide when she looked from Granger to Draco. "Miss Granger . . . And Mr. Malfoy?"

"I - we apologize, Madam Pince." Granger sounded like she couldn't take in a full breath. "We were just . . . Debating."

Madam Pince crossed her arms. "Debating. You . . . And Mr. Malfoy."

"Yes, I know it's hard to believe," Draco sneered, hands on his hips, "but I am capable of informed argument."

Madam Pince looked offended, but it was Granger that came to the rescue.

"We will be quiet, Madam Pince. We promise. We just have a group project due tomorrow and it's been stressful."

Draco raised an eyebrow but when Madam Pince looked at him again, he forced his face to appear impassive. She pursed her lips and issued them a sharp nod.

"Very well," she said, glare lingering on Draco. "Please remember that this is not your common room; it is a Library. Lower your voices."

Once she had stomped off to wherever she was headed, Draco watched in surprise as Granger pulled her wand out of her sleeve and cast muffliato.

"Since you're so capable of informed argument," she said, sourly wrinkling her nose at him. "Do not throw things at me."

Draco stood there, chest heaving, unable to lift his eyes from the floor. He felt confused and guilty. He'd thrown the book not just because she wasn't listening to him, but because the voice in his head kept growing louder and louder, and it had felt overwhelming. He'd just wanted it all to stop.

"Are you . . . ?" He rubbed the back of his neck with one hand.

Granger took a small, shaking breath. "Okay. It's . . . Okay. I'm okay." She sucked in her cheeks and glowered up at him where he stood. "Do not throw things at me ever again. I understand that things are tough right now and that you believe you have enemies, but I am not one of them."

Draco knew that. He knew that better than she did. There was no excuse for his outburst and he had absolutely no idea what was wrong with his head. He didn't know if things were going to get better or worse, and that was why he couldn't look at her. He couldn't meet her eyes and definitively tell her it wouldn't happen again. He did, however, know that he was going to try. He stared at his shoes and then slowly picked his chair back up. He hesitated and then sat down.

Granger sighed. "Where are you, Malfoy?"

"What?"

"You're not here," she said, frowning. "What's going on?"

"I'm sitting here, aren't I? What, you need me bright-eyed and bushy-tailed like your precious Potter? Cordial and agreeable like Weaselbee?" His lip curled.

Granger blinked, visibly taken aback. "Excuse me for trying to be a friend -"

"Friend? We are not friends." Draco turned his face away, glowering at the stacks and stacks of books outside the study alcove.

"Then what are we?"

Draco clenched his teeth. What could he say? Predator and prey?

Funny how you're quiet now, Draco thought to the voice in his mind. It was strangely silent, and even his wolf seemed to be watching with amused disinterest.

"I haven't the slightest clue anymore," he said.

"That makes two of us."

Draco was ruining everything with his words, he knew he was. But it was like venom, spewing out of him like molten rock from a crater and he couldn't stop it. He hated himself for what he'd done at the Revel, for kissing her then and kissing her not even an hour ago. Who was he to call her his? She no more belonged to him than Muggle London did and if he weren't so damn selfish, he'd walk away from her and spare her the misfortune of his existence.

Salazar, if he wasn't selfish as fuck.

Granger stood and went to retrieve the book he'd thrown. His jaw tightened. She was limping. She was still hurt from when he'd struck her, and he'd been so self-absorbed that he hadn't noticed or cared.

"All right, so why don't we just . . . Focus on this," Granger said, gesturing to her book and notes. "For now, talking to a werewolf is off the table . . . And we don't need to involve Ron. I can speak to Luna in private; she won't need a Vow because she is trustworthy."

Draco nodded, sitting rigid in his seat with his arms folded over his chest.

She went on, "As for what I've read here, there's nothing new except for this. It turns out that French Veelas are able to sense one another and while they're predominantly female, a male is born once every cycle of a specific unknown planet around the sun. It doesn't say which, and it doesn't say why. You might be that male. If we were able to meet with one of the female ones, she may be able to detect if you are."

"Do you know any?" Draco put one hand on his thigh and ran the other through his hair.

"I do."

After the silence stretched on, he held up one hand in confusion. "So we speak to her . . . When?"

"Her name is Fleur, and she's one quarter French Veela. Fleur . . . Weasley."

Draco remembered Fleur Delaceur from Fourth Year. He would have given his left bollock to have that bird look his way.

"How the Hell did a Weasley snag her?"

Granger glared daggers at him and, as if it were possible, her hair seemed to grow larger. "I'm not surprised you seem to share the same sentiments as Ron and Harry do regarding her."

Draco studied her face. "And what sentiments might those be?"

"Let's just say, Veelas are somewhat irresistible." She looked away. "If you are a male Veela, it would explain why I can't seem to tell you no." Granger tapped a spot on the page she was open on. "It says here that Veelas give off a natural magical lure to males of all species to them. Think of it as a hormonal sort of thing designed to continue the species in any way, shape, or form. The attracted males are then less prone to believe the Veela can do wrong."

Draco leaned back in his chair and raised his eyebrows. "So . . . You think I can do no wrong?"

"Oh, I think you do many things wrong," Granger retorted. "But I have a tendency to . . . Behave unlike myself when it comes to you. I tend to tell you things that I wouldn't even tell Harry, or do whatever you say with hardly any opposition. And then of course the . . . Pet situation. We discussed how easy that was for me. From a magical viewpoint, the explanation could simply boil down to you being a Veela and I being a female."

Guilt clouded the cavity of Draco's chest and he averted his eyes. "I see."

"However, Veelas cannot mate successfully with just anyone. They do have a specific mate and if the Veela does not bite that person near or on their magical core before they fully present, the Veela will die. They can have . . ." She blushed. "They can sleep with one another and the female Veela can have children before the presentation, but it won't save their life. Basically, let's say a female Veela is set to present at 21. They could have children before then, all part Veela, but that mother would still wither away and die at 21. Does that make sense?"

Draco rubbed his chin. Normally, he'd remark how swotty she was knowing all of this information, but the stress of the situation was too overwhelming to allow for it.

"Well, I'm eighteen," he said. "There's no specific age to watch out for?"

"Typically, according to this book, presentation happens between the ages of 18 and 22. But," she closed the book and the corners of her lips turned downward, "you've been showing blatant signs of withering. The consumption of blood, in addition to your exhaustion, is hard to ignore."

"So you think it's likely I'm a Veela, then?" He scoffed. "Brilliant. Bloody brilliant."

"Personally, I think yes. But the lust you've been experiencing is not actually a Veela trait. That one . . . I think we still need to keep our options open. Incubus is a really likely possibility, as strange as that seems. Well, it's not actually that likely, but I'm stuck on it."

He leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table and scrubbing his face with his hands.

"How would I be a demon? Wouldn't I know?"

"I have absolutely no idea, Malfoy." Her fingers picked at the edges of the book cover. "I can only work with what we have and my intuition. I don't know how this could be possible, but my theory is that . . . It's absurd, but . . ."

"Just say it, Granger. It can't be any more absurd than where we're already at."

"My theory is that Crabbe is a demon of some sort and a werewolf, and you are genetically a Veela. He scratched you and somehow - somehow - the genus of the demon was transferred to you with the genus of the werewolf. Therefore, you could be all three at once, and the magic is twisted, and that's why you have so many partial symptoms."

Draco felt . . . Drained. He stared at the wall. It all made sense, and that was the most mind-blowing part of it all. He didn't know how it could be possible, but it seemed possible, and that was what mattered. They could work with possible.

If Crabbe was some sort of demon, if he was an Incubus, how had he managed to hide it all the years they'd been in school together? Could that be why he survived the Fiendfyre? Was that why he seemed to harbor so much hatred towards Granger this year compared to previous ones? Draco hung his head between his hands as his mind raced. The voice inside of his head had gotten nastier and more vehement.

Did Crabbe have a voice inside his head, too?

"What do you propose we do, oh swot almighty?" His tone dripped sarcasm as he leaned back in his chair and looked at her through lidded eyes.

"Do you recall the . . . The potion Cecilia Yaxley created for Greyback?"

Draco steeled himself against the memory of horrid things that Cecilia had done at the Revel. He was having a difficult time accepting everything about that night, and he was sure Granger was, too. Her hands seemed to twitch at the utterance of Yaxley's name. He nodded to her.

"I think," Granger said, "that they believe you're on their side by now. I think you might be able to get some of that potion if you simply write to her and ask her for even a mere sample. It would help if we could clear the slate a bit so we can narrow our focus, and having the wolf be less of an issue would be ideal. Wolfsbane isn't anywhere near as ideal as that potion."

Draco nodded, his tongue running along his upper teeth. She was right. Wolfsbane would keep him from transforming, but the drain on his magic would be immense. Greyback seemed to have all of his strength and then some.

"All right," he said. "I'll owl her. Perhaps we played our roles well enough."

"I hope so," Granger whispered. Then, louder, she said, "As for the Veela situation, I suppose we could come up with another solution. Fleur will almost certainly tell Bill."

Draco frowned. "What are Veelas classified as?"

"Beings. Why?"

"Having Weasley know I might be a Veela would not be an issue. Beings don't have the same laws as Beasts."

Granger's face lit up. "Perhaps we could go that route and speak to Fleur? I can write to her. If she speaks to Bill, we can keep silent the other symptoms. As far as the two of them will know, you're simply worried you may be a Veela."

Draco waved his hand. "Fine. Do that, then."

"Good, good." She seemed relieved for a moment, and then her disposition grew somber. "So we put 100% of our focus on the third issue."

As if on cue, Draco heard the voice in his head again.

Why do you let her speculate? Kill her, and let yourself become who you are. It matters not what you are. It matters that you rip her open and taste the blood running through her veins. Eat. Her.

"How do you propose we do that?"

Granger tucked her hair behind her ears, appearing somewhat pale. "There's not much we can do until we can get some Muggle books on demonology. I don't know enough now."

"That's a first," he muttered.

"Contrary to popular belief, Malfoy, I'm not all-knowing. You have to pick up books and read them before you can say what's inside of them, yeah?"

Bitch, the voice snarled.

Draco's mouth twitched in anger at himself and he looked at the table.

"But I have seen some Muggle movies," Granger said, "that have demonic activity in them. They're likely not truthful or accurate, but it's all we've got for the next couple of weeks before Winter holiday. Most movies depict demons as angry, lustful creatures that like to cause emotional and physical pain."

Draco tried not to flinch. That sounded a lot like the things he'd been feeling and thinking.

"So, what? You want to fuck and see if the demon comes out?"

He'd meant it as a sort-of joke - a blatant sarcasm - but it apparently affected her greatly. She spluttered a few non-words and her hand jostled the inkwell on the table. She barely managed to stop it from toppling all over her Veela notes. When he looked at her to see what was going on, she was staring wide-eyed at the parchment.

"Merlin, Malfoy. Honestly. That would be - that's completely inappropriate. It's -"

"Is it?" He narrowed his eyes at her, feeling a strange hatred for himself settling into his bones. "After everything that happened at the Revel, it doesn't seem that out of the blue."

She was silent and he looked up. She was staring at him.

"You can't be serious?"

"Of course I'm not serious, you daft bint!" He snapped, and she turned her face away sharply.

"Of course."

He eyed her, unable to stop his heart from clenching with pain at the way the relief flickered in her eyes. "Well, don't sound so disappointed, Granger. You might hurt a Death Eater's feelings."

"Don't be crass," Granger said, and her brow furrowed. "You're not a Death Eater any longer."

"I'm sure as Salazar good at acting like one," he said softly, gazing down at her.

Draco turned to face her, and then he lashed out. He grabbed the side of her chair and dragged it closer. She yelped and grabbed onto the edge of the table, her hair whipping around her head as she regarded him with wild eyes. He placed one hand on the table and one on the back of her chair. He didn't know whether he was doing this to intimidate her or because he wanted to. He hadn't realized that in the midst of their conversation and studying, he'd stopped noticing how delicious she smelled.

"Yes," she replied, "you are. And that's why you need to make sure you can discern reality from fiction. You're not a Death Eater, and I don't think of you that way anymore."

She would if she knew about Seventh Year, the voice purred in his head.

"Well, Granger, that sure is stupid of you."

"I don't know the meaning of the word," she said, and then she surprised him by rising to her feet. "I say, enough studying. It's getting late and if I remember correctly, you said you were hungry."

Draco stood, too, watching as she waved her wand to gather the books and levitate them. Part of him wanted to deny her, to lie and tell her he was going to take it from Blaise, but now that he turned his attention inward, he realized that she was right. His veins rubbed together like sandpaper against an open wound and if he didn't feed, it would get worse. He'd never forget what happened the last time he starved himself, and the way he'd attacked Granger in the corridor on his first full moon. He never wanted that to happen again.

Once she'd put the books away, she led the way out of the Library and into the corridor. From the looks of it, dinner was way past over, but Draco knew the common room would likely be crowded. When they crossed the hall and neared the portrait, something occurred to him. He stopped walking.

"Wait. Earlier, you said Veelas need to bite on or near the magical core to bond? I wasn't aware our magical cores weren't merely metaphysical."

"They are, sort of." She turned to him. "Do you know what chakras are?"

"Yes. Wizards in the East believe they are entry points to our magic stores. They don't believe in one core, per se, but multiple." Draco recalled learning that in History of Magic in their Second Year.

"Well, according to some more spiritual wizards here in the West, our magical core is in our entire bodies, and the chakras are the entry points to access it. Like when we use wandless magic, it usually comes from our crown chakra. Or when we use our wands, it comes from our heart chakra."

"And Divination?"

Her eyes flashed. "Divination is a load of tosh. However the magic that is used to scry, and Legilimency and Occlumency comes from our third-eye chakra. According to the more spiritual wizards."

Draco slipped his hands into his pockets. "And how does this relate to Veelas?"

She began to absentmindedly twirl a curl around her finger. "Well, I once read that wizards in Bulgaria believe our main access point into our magical core is located near our throat chakra. It's where it all stems from. So, a Veela would need to bite the throat at the peak of the bonding ceremony. I believe we performed a . . . A false bonding ceremony once before. Had you bitten me then with fangs then, we would be in a completely different situation. Not mated, of course, but just . . . You would have accidentally claimed me."

Draco remembered the night she spoke of. He remembered it well. He just didn't know how to feel about it anymore, after the Revel. He wasn't sure he deserved the fond memory.

"Claimed?"

She blushed. "Made me unavailable to any creature with the ability to track scents."

Interesting, said the voice. Interesting indeed.

Granger turned and entered the portrait, after which he followed. Draco was unsurprised to see a lively, raucous common room. Some were imbibing, some were playing games, and some were sitting near the fire. Hardly anyone took a second look at them, which was a pleasantry for Draco. It had begun to get irritating having everyone always staring at them like gaggle-eyed fools, so to have it finally be considered normal to see Draco beside Granger was welcome.

"Took you two long enough!" Blaise walked up to them and gave Granger a one-armed hug. He held a glass of firewhiskey in one hand. "Where were you?"

"The Library," Granger replied. "We were studying and got carried away. Malfoy, did you want to catch him up?"

At her pointed look, Malfoy nodded to Blaise. "Yes, but not here."

"Let's head to the corner," Blaise suggested, pointing with his glass to a couple of armchairs in the corner furthest from the girl's dorm staircase.

"Granger," Draco said, "will you . . . ?"

"I'll be all right. I'm going to go visit with Harry, Ron, and Luna."

Much to Draco's shock, Granger placed a hand on his chest, pushed herself up onto the tips of her toes, and pressed a light kiss to his cheek. Just like that, their classmates were back to staring. He supposed it was one thing to see them walking together. But a kiss on the cheek? That was going to be gossip-worthy.

"Meet me in my room a bit later," Granger said, sounding distracted as she turned and waved to Potter. He was sitting at a wizard's chess table across from the Red Weasel, and Granger made her way over to them while Draco stood there and marveled at the fact that she'd kissed his face in front of the entire common room.

Draco stared after her for a moment before looking at the smirking Blaise.

"Get used to it, I suppose."

"Oh, I am, I am," Blaise replied with a grin. "I'm more worried about you. How are you? Has she got you writing in a diary yet? 'She barely looked my way today. I'm absolutely gutted.'"

"Piss off," Draco said with a small smirk as they walked across the common room.

Once they settled into the armchairs, Draco signaled to Blaise.

"Better cast muffliato, mate," he said. "I haven't heard from Ollivander yet."

Blaise cast the spell and then he took a sip of his drink. "I take it your study date went horribly?"

Draco rolled his eyes. "Let's not allow our hearts to bleed to each other, mate. It wasn't a study date, and it didn't go horribly."

"So that means it went less than horribly? Perhaps a mere awfully?"

". . . Mildly inconveniencing?"

"I'll take it. I can help with mildly inconvenient. It's 'awful' and 'horrible' that I haven't any experience with. Especially when it comes to witches."

Draco shot him an amused look and then he crossed one leg over the other. He took a deep breath, struggling to figure out where to begin. They hadn't learned much of anything in the Library, but they had been able to formulate plans for how to move forward. That was something.

So he started there. He told Blaise about Granger's plan to clear his slate, as it were, and effectively set aside his wolf and his possible Veela so they could focus entirely on the third option. Like with Granger, Draco was careful to leave out the fact that his fangs as well as the sinister voice had presented that day, and only told Blaise what he felt was safe for him to know. He told him about the alpha situation and about how it wasn't safe for Draco to be around Greyback again until he could figure out how to break free of his control, and he told him about their plans to write to Cecilia Yaxley and Fleur Weasley.

". . . And though I'm not keen on Professor Weasley knowing that I might be something that needs to be registered with the Ministry, it's currently unavoidable. Given that we are possibly racing against an internal clock in regards to my lifeline, writing to Fleur Weasley is a risk we'll have to take." Draco anxiously tugged his fingers through his hair. "Writing to Yaxley is a no-brainer. The potion she has will fix our wolf issue for the time being. Side-effects be damned. As for my other possible issue . . . A trip to Diagon Alley and Muggle London are on the horizon."

"Well, my family library has a few books on the subject of demons," Blaise said after some thought. "Perks of not joining up with the Dark Lord, I suppose. The Ministry never shook our manor down. And as our ancestors were more the type to dabble in the Dark Arts, we have quite a few dark texts in our possession."

The voice didn't like that.

What, he thinks because he's your friend, that he can insult your family like that? it hissed.

"Rub it in, why don't you?" Draco said to Blaise, eyes flashing. He smirked. "Your family always was one of the weak ones."

Blaise's brow furrowed for a moment before he laughed. "Yes, well, I suppose your family was better at kissing arse than mine was."

He speaks of your family like he stands on a pedestal, the voice scoffed. Perhaps you should knock him down. Weaken him the way he weakens you.

Draco willed the voice to be silent. He had no desire to listen to it, let alone to hurt his best mate. In any case, Blaise was right. His father had kept their family alive by the strap of his boot during the war by doing whatever Voldemort told him to. Narcissa had gotten by with careful whispers into the Dark Lord's ear. Draco survived by doing what he was told. And that was just it: survival. They'd done what they needed to do to survive and it didn't matter what the voice said about Blaise because he was right.

The Malfoy family took the coward's path.

"Does that extensive family library happen to contain any books by the author Haggerty Prim?" Draco asked, changing the subject before the darkness in his head could get any stronger.

"Prim, you say? Why would you want to read anything by that nutter?" Blaise looked bewildered.

"We came across something while reading," Draco said, and then he propped his elbow on the arm of the chair and rested his chin in his hand. "I take it that means you know of him?"

"Know of him?" Blaise snorted. "He's me da's best mate!"

Draco's eyes widened in stages. "He's your . . . ? Ace, mate, can you write to him?"

"He doesn't accept owls."

"He doesn't accept owls?" Draco pulled an expression of perplexion. "What sort of wizard doesn't accept owls?"

"Haggerty Prim."

Draco stared at him. "I gathered that."

"Prim's . . . Different."

"Gathered that, too," Draco drawled.

"He accepts snail mail?" Blaise offered.

"Is that supposed to be a -"

"His familiar is legitimately a snail, Draco." Blaise knocked back some of his firewhiskey. "I can write to my father, however, and see if he can send me some of Prim's books. If we don't have any, then I'm afraid it will have to wait until Groundhog's Day."

"What, pray, is that?"

"A strange holiday they celebrate in Canada and the US." Blaise shook his head. "It's also the only time he leaves Canada to come visit. Every February, like clockwork. My mum's sent me photos - the two of them decorate the manor like a ruddy sweets factory and eat themselves into a sugar coma for three days straight. Last year, mum had to call a Healer for the both of them to ensure they hadn't given themselves real, actual comas."

"Haggerty fucking Prim," Draco said, sounding awed. When he thought of demons and summoning them, his mind conjured up images of dark dimensions and sorcerers with nefarious purposes. He didn't think of oddball wizards who loved to eat sugar until they passed out. Especially not with Blaise's father. The man was so somber and studious.

Blaise nodded gravely. "Haggerty fucking Prim."

"All right, well, I'll take what you can do. He's not our only option, but it's the only name we have for now," Draco said with a sigh. "Muggle London is second on the list. Granger says Muggles are fascinated by the subject of demons. Mad, I say."

"What do you think he's planning, Greyback?"

Draco stared at the floor. "I don't know, frankly. But it's clear he's planning something. He maintains the ideals Voldemort upheld, he's got some modicum of control over the Ministry, and he's got enough money at his disposal to fund whatever venture he plans. Whatever he's got planned, it isn't good."

"You think Crabbe's got something to do with it?"

"Possibly. Only way we'll ever find out is if he comes back to the school. Unfortunately for him, using Fiendfyre on the Great Hall is no way to get invited back to these hallowed halls." He rolled his eyes.

"Hm. Well, I think it's a possibility worth thinking about. Nothing good ever comes from disregarding things that seem harmless. They almost always turn out to be -"

"Problematic."

"Exactly."

They sat in silence for a while, looking around at the slowly-emptying common room. There were only a couple of groups left, one surrounding Potter and Weaselbee's heated wizard's chess game, and one trading secrets by the fire. Granger had already gone up to her room, where Draco knew she was waiting for him so he could . . . Well, eat. He wondered if he ought to just go up to his own room and lock himself away for the night to spare her the trauma of another feeding. But when he thought about it, his entire body seemed to groan in protest.

No, he needed to stop fighting his new nature. He needed to take what she was offering and make sure he didn't wither before they had a chance to figure out what he was. It was up to him to make sure he didn't get carried away.

At least, he hoped he could manage it.

"I hope Granger's all right after this weekend," Blaise suddenly said. His half-empty bottle hovered in the air beside his head. He was gazing at the girl's dorm stairwell with a concerned expression. "The one Revel I attended wasn't exactly something I recovered from quickly, and all I did was sit there and stare at the wall. I can't imagine she's doing much better."

Draco glanced over at him. The wolf, which had been so eerily silent all day, rose up and mingled with the dark voice that hadn't been nearly as quiet.

Why does he care about your witch? they both growled.

"You and Granger seem to have gotten rather friendly," Draco said, suspicion dripping from his words.

"Obviously. I haven't got an ill word to say against her."

"Since when?"

Blaise scoffed. "Think about it, Drake. When have you ever heard me say a bad word against her? Or against Muggle-borns, for that matter? Just because we're in Slytherin doesn't mean we've all got to subscribe to the Pureblood ideals. My parents don't believe in them, and neither do I."

Kill him. The moment the room is empty. End his life.

Draco studied him. Now that he thought about it, Blaise had never said anything negative about Muggle-borns the entire time they'd been at Hogwarts. But the voice in his head didn't seem to realize that, and his wolf didn't seem to care. The voice seemed to go back and forth, too. In the Library, it wanted Draco to kill Granger. Now, it was calling her 'his witch' and ordering him to kill Blaise?

He's lying. He's trying to cover up the fact that he lusts after your witch. How far have you fallen from grace, Draco, to suffer this mutineer to live?

Whatever it was that was talking to him inside his head? It hated everyone equally.

"I should get to bed," Blaise sighed. "You're obviously hangry."

"Hangry?" Draco felt like he was slogging through mud to tear his focus away from the voice and redirect it to Blaise.

"Hungry and angry. Angry because you're hungry." Blaise waved his wand and the bottle hovering by his head vanished. He glowered at Draco. "And I'm just angry because you're a bloody git. Good night."

"Blaise, wait."

Blaise stood up, but he didn't walk away. When he looked down at Draco, the flames in his eyes were the same as the ones Draco had seen there when he sent Blaise flying into his room the night of the Revel. Draco felt a need to make it right, but he didn't know how. He rose to his feet as well.

"It's no secret I made the wrong choices in the war," Draco said, his eyes burning into Blaise's. "But maintaining our friendship wasn't one of them."

Blaise's hard look softened and he crossed his arms. "I'm only looking out for her, mate. She's just as much a friend to me as Pansy or Daphne. And I'm not daft. I know she's your witch."

Hearing it aloud sounded wrong. In his mind, it was normal. In the real world, it was like saying stolen merchandise belonged to him. He didn't deserve her.

"She's not -"

"She is," Blaise cut in firmly. "And I'm not interested in disrespecting that. But you're notoriously selfish, and selfishness isn't always the most effective means of protecting someone, all right?"

Draco tightened his jaw and nodded.

Blaise said, "This isn't the war, mate. You don't have to go through everything alone. Two of us are better than one, especially since you're somewhat compromised right now. Now," he patted Draco's cheek, "go get you some dinner, and I'll see you on the morrow."

Draco sat back down for a while and closed his eyes, steepling his fingers in front of him with his elbows on the chair arms. Inside, he heard the voice whispering, unintelligible and acrimonious testaments to some deep-rooted hatred that neither belonged to him nor to anything in particular. It just existed, and he could feel it poisoning him from within.

Why was this happening to him? Could it really be true? Was he part demon? Were the thoughts coming from his own twisted darkness? Or was he simply possessed? Could the thoughts be coming from a sentient being? He and Granger were so focused on Incubi, but what if the type of demon he was was something different? Something worse?

After a while, he realized that only a few people were left and it was getting rather late. Potter's game had ended, leaving the Weasel victorious, and the students left were starting to disperse. Draco got up and headed for the girl's dorms, hoping he made it before the three of them were the only ones remaining, and before he talked himself out of going up to Granger altogether.

"Oi. Where are you headed?"

Draco paused on the tenth stair, turning to glance over his shoulder. Potter and the Weaselbee stood at the foot of the stairs, and Potty looked vexed.

"Heading up to my witch's bed," Draco drawled, because he could never resist ruffling their feathers. "And you?"

"You're not going up there." Potter withdrew his wand and pointed it at Draco. "Ron. Ron."

The Weasel jumped when Pothead nudged him, and he gulped as he drew his own wand. It wavered slightly in the air. Draco arched an eyebrow at his very visible reluctance.

"Just . . . Come back down, mate," Weaselbee said, and the pleading look he gave Draco was curious indeed.

"I don't fancy it," Draco said to Potter, turning back around.

A jettison of red sparks zipped past Draco's head, rustling his hair and tearing a crumbling hole into the wall. Inside, his two passengers began to snarl like a feral beast, and Draco whirled around to glare at them.

Rip their fucking heads off! the voice shouted with rage in the confines of his head. Destroy them! Tear them both apart!

Draco descended the steps with murder on his mind, and he felt his fingernail beds begin to hurt as his claws ached to burst forth. Inside his mouth, his canines began to grow, and he prepared to bare them in warning. Potter and Weaselbee's eyes widened and they both took steps backward, Potter fluid and Weaselbee stumbling, as Draco neared them.

"Malfoy."

All three boys looked at the landing above them. Granger was standing there in her typical long-sleeved top and blue striped pyjama bottoms. Her hair was tugged up into the messy hive Draco had always hated, and she had her hands on her hips.

"Are you coming, or not? It's been over an hour."

Draco turned to smirk at the dumbfounded Potty and the guilty-looking Weaselbee, and he adjusted the lapels of his black blazer with a smug pop of the collar.

"Why, yes I am, love," he said, lifting his eyebrows to accentuate the final word.

Weaselbee rolled his eyes and Pothead sneered.

"Stop acting like First Years," Granger scolded. "Harry and Ron, go to bed. Malfoy, hurry up."

"Hermione, this is mental," Harry said, throwing his hands up. "You cannot seriously be shagging Malfoy!"

"I'm right here," Draco said, leaning back against the banister with a mock pout.

"I'm not shagging anyone," Granger said after shooting Draco a withering look. "And if I was, it's my business."

Potter started to say something else, but the Weaselbee clapped a hand on his shoulder.

"It's not worth the fight, mate," he said, but he sent Draco a quick look.

"Well, well," Draco murmured, his eyes washing over the Weasel. Of anyone, he would have assumed Potter to be the most amenable to his existence. But Weasley?

Suspicious, said the voice.

Watch him, said his wolf.

Draco turned to ascend the last couple of stairs.

"Of course it's worth the fight, are you mental?" Potter hissed to his oaf of a friend.

"Which would you rather? Hermione hexing your bollocks off, or Malfoy? I don't prefer either. I prefer bed. And sleep. And keeping my bollocks."

"I'll hex you both either way," Malfoy said, smirking as he stood in front of a thoroughly miffed Granger.

"Shut up, Malfoy!" The Weaselbee, Potty, and Granger cried simultaneously.

"We'll speak tomorrow, Harry. Both of you go to bed," Granger said to them.

Potter scowled, but Weaselbee's answer was to nod and start tugging on the sleeve of Pothead's robes.

"Sleep well, boys," Draco drawled. And then Granger grabbed his wrist and dragged him down the hall.

"Stop egging them on. You're going to give Harry a coronary. And Ron -"

"Our little Weasel King didn't seem to mind." Draco twisted his arm out of her grip and slid it around her waist, pulling her against him. "And neither do I."

"Honestly, Malfoy," she said, slapping her hands against his chest. "You have been absolutely insufferable all day! Come off it!"

Draco let her go as they came to her door, and he crowded in behind her as she pulled her wand out. She made an exasperated noise as their feet tangled.

"Malfoy, honestly!"

"Only thing I'm bad at, naturally. Being honest."

Her door swung open and she staggered forward, tripping over his feet. He quickly wrapped an arm around her waist from behind to catch her, grinning to himself as he lifted her into the air and stepped inside. The lanterns in the room appeared to be charmed to stay lit, the entire room bathed in a soft yellow light.

"Malfoy, what has come over you?" She gasped, kicking her legs.

Malfoy kicked the door shut behind them and set her down. She whipped around, her fist slamming into the front of his shoulder. She drew it back again, but before she could land another blow, he caught her wrist in his hand and pressed his other hand against her back.

"You said something about a home-cooked meal?" He smirked as he spun around like they were dancing.

A light sparkled in her eyes and she let out a small laugh. "Stop spinning! You're making me dizzy!"

"Good." He dipped her down, his eyes studying her face as his smirk intensified.

"I said nothing about home-cooked," she said, still laughing. "However, I did promise a meal, you morbid git."

He pulled them both upright, his uncharacteristic bout of merriment fading into calm. She stood there for a moment, holding her fingers to her temples and closing her eyes.

Draco marveled at how far they'd come, and how different things were for them. That he had just made merry with her in her dorm room, and they were in a situationship like the one they were, even though their weekend hadn't been the most positive weekend, had him feeling dumbstruck. He supposed it was time to stop marveling, though. He was here, she was here, and they were here, and it was clear that wasn't changing anytime soon.

"Just sit down," she said after a while, running her fingers through her impossibly long curls. "Now that I'm no longer dizzy. I want to try something."

Draco sat down on the edge of her bed and leaned forward on his elbows, watching her as she paced in front of him.

"So while I was up here, I started thinking about what I was saying earlier, about the Muggle movies. There's a lot of movies where they have a priest - I'm sure you know what that is?"

Draco nodded. He hadn't been fond of Muggles as younger wizard, but that didn't mean he didn't pay attention in Muggle Studies.

The horrid memory of watching Professor Burbage being killed on his dining room table burst forth in his mind, setting his teeth on edge. He mentally waved it away before he drowned in it.

"Well, in the movies, typically the characters end up calling a priest to get rid of, or 'exorcise' the demon, to send it back where it came from. But before they can do that, they have to do whatever they can to exacerbate the problem. To force the demon to show itself. And then I started wondering, what if we could apply what's in the movies . . . To you."

Draco leaned back on his hands, crossing his outstretched legs at the ankles. "Explain your swotty thought processes, bint."

"If it is a demon - if you are a demon," she said, and then she took a deep breath. "Perhaps there's a way to draw it out."

"To what?! Ask it to bloody tea?!"

She rolled her eyes. "Of course not. But it would undoubtedly prove its existence."

"You say 'it' as if it's got a life of its own. As if it's not a part of me."

"Well, you weren't born a demon, were you? I don't think it's the same as being a Veela, which is genetic, and I think it's not as simple as infection, like lycanthropy." She began to pace again. "If my theory is correct, transference of all or part of the sentience makes the least and most sense at the same time. Least, because we know nothing about demons. Most, because if I'm correct, I should be able to . . ."

"To what?"

"To talk to it."

They stared at each other, and Draco felt an uneasy pit spreading deep in his abdomen. He knew it had the ability to talk; he'd been listening to it all evening. His fear was what if would have to say to her. The fact that it was suspiciously silent right now was enough to tell him that if it spoke to her, it might end very, very badly.

"What do you propose we do?" he asked as he shrugged out of his blazer.

"Well," she said, one hand on her hip and the other rising to rub her chin. "I propose a test, of sorts. I want to push it. To make it want to come out."

"All right, how? Hit me or hex me until it does?"

"No. There's only one thing that I think produces the strongest reaction in your body and that . . . That's your bloodlust."

"My bloodlust?" He scoffed in disbelief. "I do not -"

Granger raised her eyebrows and held her wand to her neck. She began to utter the spell and the mere thought of the blood spilling from her veins was enough to make him sit up straight. His gaze zeroed in on her wand tip. With a self-satisfied smile, Granger stopped the spell.

"Your bloodlust."

Draco curved his hands around the edge of the mattress, struggling to calm his rapidly-beating heart. She was right, as usual.

"And what if I can't stop?"

"Then you'll have to try."

"What if I fail?"

"Try harder." She fixed him with a glare and then sat down next to him. "So. We're going to try to push it. Making it angry -"

"That should be easy for you. You're excellent at pissing me off."

She pursed her lips. "No matter what, do not touch me and don't react. Whatever I do, even if it feels unbearable."

"And if the great, big, scary monster stays inside?"

"Then we'll count our blessings and wait until we can learn some sort of detection spell, after we get a chance to read some more literature."

"What are you going to do?"

"Make it angry. As I've already established."

Granger pushed back her sleeve and pointed her wand at her wrist. She whispered the spell and Draco watched as the skin split open and blood welled up in the open wound. She looked at him with a serious expression and moved her arm until it was in front of his chest. He stared down at it and tried to tell himself he didn't need it, that he could look at it and smell it and not need to . . . To taste it . . .

Granger snatched her arm back, and Draco realized his hands were hovering in the air beneath where her arm used to be.

The air in the room seemed to grow heavier as she fixed him with a stern look. He said nothing and waited, contemplating whether or not he should just sit on his hands.

His eyes followed as the blood began to drip off of the edges of her wrist. The droplets fell onto her thigh, staining the striped fabric of her bottoms, and his stomach churned. Granger lifted her other hand and, to Draco's utter astonishment, dipped her fingers into the blood. She winced and hissed between her teeth.

"Why are you doing that, you crazy bint?" He made an expression of bewilderment, but it quickly turned into an almost fearful one as her fingers reached toward him. He jerked his head backward, feeling confused. He knew her plan was to make whatever might be inside him angry, but how exactly did she plan to do that?

And then her fingers, covered in her blood, brushed against his lips. A jolt ran through his body and he went perfectly still. He didn't know if he could do this. He could feel it on his skin, on his lips, close enough to taste. Even though minutes ago he'd been completely aware she was about to push him, he hadn't taken it seriously.

He just wanted to taste it.

"Do not," she warned, her voice quiet as she ran her fingers across his lower lip a second time.

Draco felt the blood there, warm and inviting, and he clenched his hands in the blanket beneath him. His eyes closed briefly and then they snapped to hers.

"Please," he whispered, and his entire mouth felt dry.

"No." She trailed her fingers down off of the edge of his chin.

Draco looked up at the ceiling, as if he could find strength there, and tried to ignore the fact that he could feel a frustration building up within him.

Just taste it. Who cares what she wants?

The voice was quiet, innocent-sounding, but Draco could feel it brooding behind the false calm.

Suddenly, Granger scooted closer to him on the bed and turned, moving backwards until she was sitting across his lap. Using her unhurt hand, she pulled her hair to the side of her head, exposing her throat. The scent of her blood overwhelmed his senses and, like a bolt of lightning, he felt the hunger rip through his shoddy defenses.

"Fuck, Granger, please," he groaned, lifting his hands to hover over her hips as his face tilted toward her throat. His nose tickled at the skin where her jaw met her earlobe, and she yanked her head away. Her hand smeared blood on his white button-up as she pressed her palm against his chest.

"Do not touch me."

Who the fuck is she to deny you? Take it. Take it and drain her dry.

"This isn't enough," she said, sounding fed up. "We've been in similar situations before. We need to try something else."

Draco felt a small amount of relief as she slid off of his lap and stood up. Blood dripped down her palm, coating it and trailing down her fingers as she put her unhurt hand on her hip and stared at him with a frown. He stared at the blood, watching it drip onto the floor, and he wet his lips with his tongue.

"Right, well," she said, "I apologize in advance for this."

"For wha -"

Granger lifted her bloodied hand and lashed it across Draco's face. It stung, the feeling reverberating down into his core where the voice rose up to meet it. It combined and created a searing, vehement ire that nearly blinded him.

The voice spring to life, angrier than it had been all day, and Draco almost felt like he would go deaf if it didn't stop yelling in his mind.

Fucking whore. Fucking insufferable, annoying whore. Kill her, Draco. Flay her skin from her body and tear her apart. She thinks she's the one in control. She thinks she can do whatever the fuck she wants. Rip her fingernails out one by one, and then tear her hair out by the -

She slapped him again, on the same cheek, and the air in the room was cool where the blood painted his skin.

Draco felt it, physically felt it washing over him, eclipsing his mind and plunging it into darkness and rage. His face contorted into a vicious snarl and he bared his fangs in an animalistic hiss. Before she could react, his hands shot out and wrapped around her upper arms. She screamed as he lunged forward and shoved her down onto the hardwood floor, slamming her head backward. He straddled her hips, tossed his head back, and prepared to sink his fangs into her neck.

"Malfoy, no!" She cried, her hands shoving against his chest in desperation and her feet kicking against the floor beneath her bed. "Don't bite! No, don't bite!"

The plea was enough to halt him, and he slammed his fist against the floor by her head. She turned her head to the side and looked on with a terrified expression as his claws broke through his skin and gouged into the wood. Bloodstained shavings curled away from the furrows, signifying how badly he wanted to do exactly what the voice wanted him to do.

"Why not?!"

"The bonding magic." She panted heavily, her fingers curving into the fabric of his shirt as her words fell frenetically into the air. "If I'm not your - if you bite me, you will claim me. If that happened, we - we have to mate, and if your feelings aren't strong and you claim me, it - we would - it could kill us both. Please, Malfoy."

Draco stared at her, feeling his body scream with ravenous hunger and his head pounding against his skull. He heard what she was saying, but the voice inside of him was telling him it didn't matter.

None of it would matter when she was dead.

Make her suffer. Don't listen to her. She lies! She lies about everything. Filthy. Filthy whore. Kill her! Kill her!

Draco, with the hand that was still wrapped around her upper arm, lifted her and slammed her down again. She cried out in pain and then shrieked when he gnashed his fangs down at her.

"Wait, please! Please?"

Draco stopped, face inches from her own, eyes flashing dangerously.

She gasped for breath. "L-Let me do it, all right? Let me do it."

Draco, with the last of his strength, waited while she accioed her wand and held it to her throat. Breathlessly, she whispered the spell and Draco watched as she cut her neck open for him. He didn't even wait. He grabbed her hair and dragged her head to the side. Then, he shoved her wand away and buried his face against her throat, drinking greedily as the blood pulsed out of her in time with her rapid heartbeats.

"It's okay," she breathed, her fingers twisting in the hair at the base of his head. "It's all right."

Draco knew she wasn't saying that for his benefit.

He fed with a voracious frenzy, an unstoppable starving energy exploding outward from within him and enveloping the both of them. He felt her writhing beneath him, heard her feet sliding against the floor as she got weaker and weaker. The voice in his head was dead silent, but he could feel its smug satisfaction pulling the strings on every movement of his body.

Her head lolled to the side.

Draco steadied his mind. "Try harder," she had said. That's all she'd asked. All that he'd asked from her, all that she was giving to him, all that she had given to him, and she only wanted him to try.

With a deep, almost violent shuddering breath, he pulled his mouth away from her throat. The sweet, cloying tang of her blood filled his nostrils, but he resisted the urge to dive back in. Hunched over her body, he dropped his forehead onto the top of her shoulder and attempted to catch his breath.

"Potion." Her voice sounded like she was speaking through a thick, viscous fog.

Draco lifted himself up onto his hands and knees over her, still panting. His eyes washed over her disheveled appearance, alarm spiking within him at the sight of her lidded eyes and bloodied throat. Her eyelids fluttered.

"Granger." He grabbed her chin in his hands. She was losing consciousness, her chest rising and falling deeply. "Don't. Don't fucking close your eyes! Where is the potion?"

Her lips parted and the rattling breath she gave made him nearly lose himself to panic. "V-Vanity . . ."

Draco flashed across the room with the speed of his wolf, slamming into the vanity table so hard that the things scattered on top of it began to scatter. He caught sight of his own appearance in the mirror, but had no time to feel affected by her blood smeared all over the bottom half of his face, nor the way his shirt was wrecked with it. All he could focus on was that he'd drank too much, and that his witch was in danger of never waking up again.

He picked up bottle after bottle, eyes scanning the labels she'd adhered to the outsides. There was Sleekeazy's, a cheek rouging brew, Pepper-Up, one small vial of Dreamless Sleep that was empty, and - voila! A Blood-Replenishing potion.

"Draco," she whimpered from behind him, the word ending on a breathy exhale.

"I know, love, I'm coming," he said, whirling around.

She promptly passed out. For a moment, Draco's brain told him she was dead and that he had killed her. It terrified him so badly that he almost froze.

"Fuckfuckfuck," he hissed as he fell to his knees beside her.

Throwing Pureblood manners to the wind, Draco shoved his fingers in-between her teeth and forced her lower jaw down. Once her mouth was open, he uncorked the potion with his own teeth and tipped it into her mouth. The relief he felt when she started to cough and stir was enough to bring down the entire Death Eater regime.

"Oh, fuck, thank Merlin," he breathed. He combed back her hair as he gave her more of the potion. He knew you were only supposed to drink it once per hour, but he was freaking out. "That's it. Not too fast, Granger."

Granger finally finished the potion, and then she opened her eyes to look up at him. She licked her lips and spoke in a hoarse voice.

"I think it's safe to say something - someone - is there. Maybe not a demon, but the way your face changed . . ." She propped herself up on her elbows and shook her head up at him with a grave facial expression. "It wasn't you, Malfoy."

He stared at her for a long moment. "I thought I'd killed you."

She sat up fully and tousled her hair with her fingers, still looking weakened.

"Well, you didn't."

Their eyes met. He briefly noted to himself that he was covered in blood. Her blood. He must have looked like a monster. Her personal nightmare.

Draco grabbed either side of her jaw and dragged her towards him, pressing his lips against hers with a fervor that he didn't quite understand. She fell forward in her current state, into his lap as he leaned his back against the side of the mattress. He snogged her with wild abandon, with his apologies on his tongue and his affection in the firmness of his touch.

The moment her knees touched the floor on either side of his hips, his hands were on her waist. He pulled her as close as possible, tilting his head to deepen the kiss as their tongues melted together again and again. He heard her make small noises. Noises that he couldn't tell if they were arousal, or a result of her weakened state, and they only served to fan the flames of his passions.

The voice inside Draco's head? Completely silent, but infuriatingly smug.

He pulled back briefly to brush his nose against hers, his eyes opening slowly to gaze at her with a heated look. She looked back down at him, her own eyes burning brightly, and then she swooned. His hands slid up her back as she sagged against him. The scent of fresh blood was continuing to waft upward and so, still holding her upon him with one hand in-between her shoulder blades, he leaned over and grabbed her wand.

"Episkey," she said, holding it to her neck. Then, she let it fall to the floor and let her head rest in the crook between his neck and shoulder. He felt the heat of her fingers searing through the sleeves of his button-up.

Draco felt like his entire body was on fire. He could feel the weight of her in his arms, wrapped around him as if the only person she felt safe enough to be this way with was him. Underneath the scent of her blood, her natural scent was there as always, and he couldn't deny that it had become as welcome and familiar a scent to him as the smell of a rainy day in London.

"We'll get through this," she said softly. "Just like during the Revel."

Draco turned his face to her. He leaned his forehead against hers and he trailed his fingers under her chin. He feathered his lips over hers again, and when she kissed him back, his heart clenched.

"Fuck," he breathed against her mouth. "How can you even be near me? After what I did to you there?"

She was quiet, and then she whispered, "Because what you did, you did to protect me."

A spike of self-revulsion shot through his gut. He glanced toward her bottom. "And I suppose the bruising was necessary?"

"That wasn't your fault. Greyback forced you."

Draco's frown mirrored hers, and then his hand twisted in her curls. He set aside all of his self-hatred and his fear over what evil he was harboring inside of himself, and he hoped she could see in his eyes how much things had changed for him. He wanted her to know that after the Revel, they had something that united them. They had survived it together and now, their little world of two had constricted around them.

"I'll always protect you now, Hermione. Do you understand that? From Greyback. From people here at Hogwarts. From Death Eaters. From anyone and anything."

He felt her body tense. "Yes."

"Good," he murmured, and then he covered her mouth with his own.

Draco pushed his tongue past the seam of Hermione's lips, tasting the cavern of her mouth as though he would never taste anything ever again. He wanted her to understand that what he didn't possess the emotional skill to convey with words, he could express to her in the dance of their tongues and the play of his fingers along her ribs.

Hermione righted herself, not breaking the lock of their mouths as her hips pressed against his. Her fingers tangled in the hair at the back of his head, her arms resting atop the mattress behind him, and she lifted herself up onto her knees. His head fell back to keep up with her impassioned movements, pleasant little shocks following the paths of her fingertips against his scalp.

Much to Draco's surprise, Hermione was the one to tear her lips away from his. He felt her pressing scorching hot kisses along the line of his jaw, each one sending little Golden Snitches off to flutter in his stomach. His eyes rolled back into his head as she kissed her way down his throat, and he struggled to keep himself from making any embarrassing noises. He hadn't quite been kissed this way by a witch before, as typically, he was the one doing the kissing, and he hadn't been aware that his neck and ear were so sensitive.

Her tongue curved along the lower part of his earlobe and the resulting flames of desire that licked their way down his veins caused him to nearly go mental.

"Fuuuck, Hermione," he moaned aloud, his fingers digging into her hips. "You have t-to st . . . Stop . . ."

She continued to lavish attention to his neck, her fingers moving through his hair, and he bit his lip to stop himself from whimpering as his skin grew more sensitive by the second.

"Stop, Hermione, please," he begged, feeling somewhat delirious with need. It was nightmarish keeping himself from grinding his hips upward into hers.

She pulled away and rolled off of his lap. Draco pulled his knees to his chest, rested his elbows on his kneecaps, and buried his face in his hands.

"What are we?" she asked.

Draco looked up, his mussed-up hair falling into his silver eyes. She'd asked that same question earlier, and he hadn't known what to tell her. She was asking it now, and he knew what he wanted. He just didn't know how to say it when he barely felt like he deserved to breathe her air.

"Draco," she repeated, and her hair was a complete disaster, her lips plump from snogging. She looked phenomenal. "What are we?"

He felt pain. Acute, unending pain.

"I don't know, Granger."

"What do you want to be?"

Draco felt like he couldn't breathe. He stood up, and snatched his blazer off of the bed. He didn't have an answer for her that didn't end in heartache. He wasn't good for her, he didn't deserve her, he'd put her in danger at his house, the situations they went through at the Manor. He didn't fucking deserve her, why couldn't she see that?

"I don't know," Draco repeated as he buttoned the blazer back on over his stained shirt. He headed for the door. He felt stifled.

"If you don't know the answer to that question, Draco Malfoy," she pulled herself up and sat down on the edge of her bed, "then you don't deserve me."

"Fancy that." He rapped his knuckles on the doorframe once and turned to glare at her. "There's something we can agree on."



 

Invisible


Haunting by Halsey, Ghost by Lauren Babic, Crazy by Candice Boyd, Like It Used to Be by Amerie, and Falling by Yuna

Hermione POV

Hermione woke to the faint scent of blood lingering around her nostrils, and the heavy pounding of rain outside of the castle. She laid there for a long time, long enough to miss breakfast, without ever even rolling over from the way she'd slept. She stared at the wall, wondering when she'd strayed so far from herself that she didn't even know how to react to the situation she was in with Malfoy. She almost felt like she'd broken things off with a boyfriend, even though they weren't anything more than someones to one another, and the leaden feeling in her chest made her feel like she was sinking into the floor and never coming back up.

She wondered if this was how Moaning Myrtle felt, and she wished she could drift off into endless drops of water, too.

Their argument had been nothing short of confusing. The entire study session in the Library, while enlightening, had felt like a battle. Hermione pushing at his walls; Malfoy pulling further away. The kiss in the stacks had been startling, and the bickering afterward confused her into thinking perhaps she was deluding herself about their something. Perhaps he truly felt nothing for her and all their little moments, whatever they had been building together, meant nothing. It seemed so absurd, especially given the strength of her affections for him, and what seemed like his strength of affection for her. The events of the Revel and the events that took place directly after were enough to make her think that he did care for her. However, it felt like their study session and the moments in her room afterwards had only muddied the waters even more.

She was pretending to be okay, and she knew it was because if she let it affect her - if she let herself tread the waters of it - she might drown and she wasn't prepared for that. She wasn't prepared to face the things she'd went through there, and she knew for certain that she was bottling it up and stuffing it down. She'd thrown herself entirely into the focus of other things, all because she was terrified that the flimsy costumed Hermione Granger that she presented to the world would fall apart, and then she wouldn't even know who she was anymore. She barely knew who she was right now.

Knock, knock, knock.

Hermione lifted her head and stared at the door. Was it him? Her heart leapt and her stomach twisted, and she hurried to swing her feet to the floor. Her face pulled into a grimace as she saw the puddle of her blood, tacky and dark on the floor, and she leaned down to grab her wand. She cast a series of scourgifies on the floor and her bloodied pyjamas, and then she glanced over at the vanity. Rat's nest, as usual.

She opened the door.

It was Luna.

"Good morning, Hermione," she sing-songed, hands behind her back.

"Oh, good morning, Luna." Hermione smiled, though it was less bright than Luna's.

"Hm. Do I detect a note of disappointment?" Luna tapped her chin. "Perhaps I'm not the blond you were hoping to see?"

Hermione's smile became shy and she put the hand that wasn't holding the door open on her hip. "What makes you say that?"

Luna tilted her head to the side. "Coy isn't very Hermione of you."

"Yes, well, I . . . Suppose you're right." Hermione sighed. "Is it that obvious?"

"Painfully so, Hermione." Luna tucked a strand of her blonde hair behind her ear.

"So what brings you here?" Hermione asked, changing the subject."

Luna's eyes studied hers for a moment. "It's nearly 5:00, Hermione. I came to see if you were well."

Hermione choked on air. It was nearly 5:00? How had she slept in so late? How long had she been lying in bed? Was it because of Malfoy? Just how much blood had he drained, and how much sleep did her body need? She ran her fingers through her hair, frantic as she gazed back at Luna with a guilty expression.

"I hadn't . . . Realized, I was simply . . . Oh, dear." Hermione buried her face in her hands.

Luna giggled. "It's all right, Hermione. I'm sure the castle won't crumble because you spent a mere day off. Sometimes it's best to sleep off the Beems."

"The beams?"

"The Beems." Luna blinked. "They're little fairies who attack your aura when you're stressed."

"Ah." Hermione was beginning to think that Luna's magical creatures were real, since she knew of so many. Either that, or she was highly creative. "So, did you want to come in?"

"No, I wanted to see if you were all right, and now that I know you are, it's time for dinner. Would you like me to bring something up for you?"

Hermione looked behind her at her dresser as though it would spit clothes at her of its own accord, her mouth hanging open in indecision. Would Malfoy be there? If so, how were things going to be? The waters they were navigating were tricky right now. She wanted to help him, but she did not want to be used. She'd meant what she said last night: if he didn't know what he felt for her, then he didn't deserve to be with her in any form other than necessity. She'd figure out a way to siphon out her blood for him, she'd help him figure out what was wrong with him, and she'd assist him with coping. Aside from that, she was too afraid to get hurt, and she knew her worth.

No. No, she wasn't going to avoid him. She'd made her intentions as clear as possible.

"Um . . . No," she said. "I'll come down with you. Just give me one moment?"

Luna nodded, and Hermione closed her bedroom door. She hurried to dress in her school uniform and robes and threw her curls up into a messy bun. Then, she headed back out to meet her friend.

"Sorry to keep you waiting!" Hermione put her hands on her hips and smiled. "Shall we?"

"We shall."

Together, the two girls headed out to the stairwell, and Hermione marveled again at how late she'd slept. She felt her heart sink a bit at the thought that Malfoy had taken simply too much blood. That wasn't a good sign. After his behavior the previous night, when she'd begged him not to bite her, the look in his eyes had been feral. It was clear that something was changing within him, something was off.

The conversation in the Library had been a clear indicator that he wasn't quite there. When he'd told her to shut up and then done a terrible job of pretending he hadn't said anything, she'd known right then and there that he wasn't entirely himself. And that was saying something, since three months ago, she would have fully expected Malfoy to tell her to shut up. She didn't know if she could quite call the difference a demon, per se, but it wasn't normal.

"Hermione, did you by chance sign up for the common room Christmas party?"

As they stepped off the last couple of steps into the empty common room, Hermione looked at Luna in bemusion.

"Christmas party?"

Luna pointed to a piece of parchment magicked to the wall near the kitchenette. Hermione strode over to it, tapping her chin thoughtfully as her eyes scanned the writing. It read, Eighth Year Christmas Party: Common Room, December 13th, 2019 - 8:00pm across the top and below it were a list of important tasks along with multiple lines stretched out beside them. The lines were full of one or two name signatures per task, and the tasks included things like food procurement, games, and decorations. Hermione smiled. She liked the idea of a party. It was on the last day before Winter break, and that was a perfect way to send everyone off for the holiday.

Luna came to stand beside her, her hands clasped behind her back as she rocked on her heels. "I haven't signed up yet, either. I wanted to wait and see if you had."

"I hadn't even heard," Hermione said, frowning. Had she been so wrapped up in Malfoy's condition that she'd missed hearing about a party? What else had she missed?

"Well, most things are spoken for," Luna said. She tapped her finger against one of the only two lines left blank. "We could sign up to decorate the common room together?"

Hermione nodded. "I think I'll ask Professor Flitwick for a few spells we can use to charm the decorations to do some unique things. What do you say?"

"I say that sounds splendid!" Luna smiled. "I wanted to sign up for decorations since most witches and wizards don't know about the nargles."

Hermione raised her eyebrows. "Nargles, again?"

"Yes," Luna said with a nod. She withdrew her wand and touched it to the parchment. Hermione's name and hers appeared in Luna's tiny handwriting on the line for decorations. "Most don't know, but they are commonly found in mistletoe. They love to eat the berries."

"Interesting," Hermione said, her mind already turning with ideas for the decorations. She'd always loved the old song Winter Wonderland. It was her father's favorite, and she thought it might be wonderful for the decorations to be charmed to rain snow down upon them, or something similar.

She looked at the rest of the paper, unsurprised to see that Blaise had signed up for music. She desperately hoped he didn't play the same type of music that they'd heard at the Muggle club in London. She hardly thought the Pureblood witches would be able to handle watching the way the Muggle-born witches danced. After all, Malfoy's eyes had nearly fallen out of his head watching Hermione dance.

The two girls headed for the Great Hall, talking amongst themselves about Christmas as they went. Hermione tried not to feel a bit sad. It would be her first Christmas since the war ended, and her second without her parents.

She still felt guilty about paying more attention to Malfoy than to her studies. If she'd been spending her weeknights reading up on memory magic and her weekends in Slughorn's lab, perhaps she'd have some sort of formula or plan to work with for helping her parents' memory restoration along. She didn't blame Malfoy, but she did blame herself for acting like her entire life revolved around him. It frustrated her, too, that he didn't seem to mind, and that he never seemed interested in getting to know her. Thinking back on the past few months, she couldn't remember him ever asking her a single question about herself except for when he asked about her parents, and that didn't exactly constitute getting to know a person.

It's not as if you've asked him anything, her thoughts said to her. What do you know about him?

"What's your favorite Christmas tradition?" Luna asked as they trudged down the corridor.

"Hm," Hermione mused thoughtfully. She gave a guilty smile. "I love the gifts. Giving them, receiving them, picking them out . . . Even though I have no siblings, I always got to be the 'elf'. It was my favorite part."

"The 'elf'?" Luna looked alarmed. "You turned into a House Elf?"

Hermione giggled. "No, Luna. Like the wizard Santa Claus's elves! I played the part of one and ran back and forth under the tree, putting the presents in front of my mother, father, and I according to whose name was on the gift."

"Santa's House Elves?"

Hermione's brow furrowed. Santa was a Pureblood wizard, but the knowledge that his elves weren't holly jolly little men, but were in fact enslaved House Elves severely disturbed her. If she weren't such a fan of Christmas, she'd write to him and demand he offer up an explanation.

On second thought . . . She made a mental note to write to him anyway.

"Don't think on it too much, Luna," Hermione said, patting Luna's shoulder beside her. "What is your favorite Christmas tradition?"

Luna's eyes lit up. "Oh, mine used to be when my mother would braid my hair next to the tree and hum my favorite song at the end of the night. My father would knit in the armchair and watch the fire, and our bellies would be stuffed to the brim with Christmas dinner. The nargles would float about in the air, stuffed full of mistletoe berries - the only time my father let them roam the house without expelling them. It was nice."

The corners of Hermione's lips fell down as she recalled Harry telling her that Luna's mother had perished when she was nine years old. "That sounds lovely, Luna."

"Will you be seeing your parents this Christmas to become a House Elf again?"

Hermione's heart wrenched. "Oh . . . No, I . . . I know a little bit about how you feel, Luna. My parents are . . . They're not . . ."

Luna stopped walking, looking at her with an expression of sympathy. "Was it the war?"

"It . . ." Hermione felt tears burning her eyes. She faced Luna. She'd been the one to cast the spell; the least she could do was say the words aloud, instead of hiding from it. "I obliviated them during the war. My parents live elsewhere, somewhere safe."

Luna reached for Hermione's hands. "I'm so sorry, Hermione. I'm sure they'd miss you if they could."

"I miss them terribly enough for the three of us." Hermione gave her a thin smile, and then lowered her eyes. "Unfortunately, there will be no Christmas elves for me this year."

"What will you do instead?"

"I . . ." Hermione's cheeks filled with heat. "Narcissa Malfoy has invited me to her chateau in Denmark to spend Christmas with her and . . . Well, with Malfoy."

Luna squeezed her hands. "I think it sounds fantastic. I've never been to Greece. You'll write to me, won't you?"

"If you'd like me to," Hermione said, and she smiled through the emotions that had assailed her earlier. Looking into Luna's carefree face, Hermione realized she'd neglected more than just her studies and parents that year. She needed to spend a bit more time fostering her friendships, especially Luna's. Luna was the only friend who had stuck by her no matter what this year. Of course Hermione would write to her.

They resumed walking, and as they came up to the Great Hall, Hermione's heart leapt. Malfoy was standing at the entrance, leaned up against the wall with one foot kicked up against it behind him and one hand wrapped around the strap of his satchel. His other hand reached up to comb his hair backward, and Hermione took the small opportunity to study him for a moment. His hair was still short on the sides and around the back, but the top had gotten so long that when he didn't push it back, it grazed his cheekbones. He looked pale, but not as much as he did when he'd gone days without feeding, and he wore his robes open over a pair of black trousers, a white collared shirt, his green Slytherin tie, and a black dress vest.

"Draco Malfoy!" Luna called, and Hermione felt her entire face flooding with warmth. As Luna waved her hand enthusiastically, Hermione wished the floor would open her up and swallow her. She'd known she'd have to face him eventually, would have to remember what it was like to nearly die on her dorm room floor the night before, but she hadn't expected it to be so soon.

Malfoy looked up, his eyes seeming guarded as she straightened up. His gaze traveled from Luna to Hermione, where they washed over her face with a hard press. Though Hermione had buttoned her robes, she felt like she was completely nude before him. Before the Revel, that might have thrilled her. But now, it made her feel a bit queasy.

"Evening, witches," Malfoy said, adjusting the strap of his bag on his shoulder. He smirked down at Hermione, but it seemed to lack his usual mirth. "I thought you'd never leave your room, Granger. Did you forget to set your wand alarm?"

"I . . . Slept in," Hermione said, eyeing him. They hadn't spoken to Luna yet about Malfoy's condition, and outside of the Great Hall with the great din of happy students was not the place.

"Beauty rest is important for those dark circles," he said, tilting his head to the side. "By the looks of it, you needed a bit more. Shall I cast a beauty charm to drain the blood from beneath your eyes, love?"

"Sort of difficult to cast that sort of charm without a wand, innit?" Hermione replied through her teeth. In spite of the fact that he'd called her 'love' more than a few times now, she was a bit too angry with him over her own moral failings and inability to disentangle her life from his to police her quips.

His eyes flashed and he cocked one eyebrow. "She bites today."

"She bites every day," Hermione said. "You just happened to be on her good side up until now."

He breathed a laugh, but his silver eyes darkened. "Is that so? Up until now? Or last night?"

"She's still deciding." Hermione lifted her chin and held his gaze.

Luna's head moved to look at Hermione curiously. "I'll go inside to eat, then. Ron's likely waiting for me."

Hermione ripped her glare away from the obviously angry Malfoy, and smiled at Luna. "All right. I'll see you inside, Luna."

Luna waved a farewell to Malfoy, who gave her a curt nod, and then Hermione watched her walk away. Once Luna had disappeared into the Great Hall, Hermione started when she felt Malfoy's fingers gripping her chin. Her skin prickled where his fingers touched as he turned her face to look up at him. Hermione gulped, feeling waves of anger and magic coming off of him with enough force to floor her.

There was definitely something wrong with him.

"What're you on about?" he growled. "Good sides, bad sides. Does it matter?"

"It matters if you don't want her - me to start biting." Hermione wrenched her face out of his grip and crossed her arms over her chest. "I've recently realized I've wasted my entire school year on you, and I don't fancy the thought of it. I just found out about the common room Christmas party today, I haven't the slightest clue what we're learning in Defense Against the Dark Arts because I hardly pay attention, and I slept until 5:00 today because a wizard nearly killed me last evening."

Hermione knew she was being harsh. Saying she'd wasted her school year on him? That would hurt anyone. It took two to tango, and she'd told him she'd help him that year. Why was she acting so bitter and miserly? He couldn't help who he was. He couldn't help what was happening to him. And it was her idea to push him and see if something jumped out to snap at her. She was acting barmy. Why was she acting so barmy?

He promised he'd always protect you. The thought whispered through her mind, tinged with a stubborn bitterness. But he can't even protect you from himself.

She saw it in him for the briefest of moments - betrayal, and then rage - but a group of Fourth Year Hufflepuffs came tumbling out of the Great Hall with a bout of laughter, and as fast as she'd seen it, the emotion melted into the darkness of his eyes.

He took a step forward and leaned down beside her ear, the brush of his lips sending a shiver rolling down her spine. "I should like to think you're the one who should be worried about being bitten, witch."

Hermione clenched her teeth and glowered resolutely at the ceiling. "I'm worried about a lot more than you biting me, Malfoy. It's a wonder I survived you last night."

He leaned back, a jerky movement as though he'd been shoved, and he stared at her. She knew he was probably wondering what in Merlin's hut had come over her, but Hermione had no answers for him. She just knew she was angry.

"Don't douse yourself in kerosene and play with matches," he spat, and his glare pinned her in place. "I may not bite you, but I will burn you. And trust me . . ."

Hermione sucked in her breath as his hand shot out and wrapped into the hair at the back of her head. He twisted his hand so that her head tilted backward and it pushed her face up closer to his. She danced on her tip-toes for a moment, setting her jaw as she stared at him defiantly, her hands balled into fists at her sides.

". . . I'm itching to watch someone burn."

As he stormed off, Hermione felt like the tension in the air stretched between them longer and longer. She took a deep, gasping breath and whirled around to watch him disappear down the corridor.

Why had she done that? Why had she acted so completely and utterly selfish?

And why did him grabbing her by the hair always make her skin tremble with gooseflesh?

Merlin, she was so livid. He was a prat. He was insufferable. He was an insufferable prat. But damn if she didn't love the way it felt when he touched her.

She glared at her dinner plate the rest of the mealtime.

It rained all week.

Over the entire castle, a gloom had settled. Rain meant it was too warm for snow, and even the wizarding world valued a white Christmas. The rain pounded against the roofs of the castle towers day in and day out, and it seemed that it was dark and grey every morning for four days straight. When Minerva cancelled that weekend's Hogsmeade trip due to the near-flood status rainfall, the students became so glum that Hermione almost thought they were all going to throw themselves into the Black Lake as a mass group.

She knew she switched back and forth between feeling angry with Malfoy and devastated that he was so good at ignoring her when he was angry, too. He was like a stone wall when she just wanted to argue and make sure he understood why she was mad, even though she knew her anger was partially unjustified. She was the one who pushed him into getting enraged enough to nearly kill her. She was the one who insisted on latching herself to his side for the past three months.

What was wrong with her?

The night of her argument with Malfoy, she downed an entire vial of Dreamless Sleep potion to knock herself back to sleep. She woke rested at a normal hour the next morning, and was still as angry as ever. At breakfast, she glared at the entrance all morning until Harry told her he'd hex the corridor for her if it had caused her any sort of affront. Luna had watched her with concern, but Hermione wasn't quite ready to talk to her about anything related to Malfoy yet. Not until she figured out why and how she'd allowed her anger to fester into such a deep-seated rage.

That evening, after he'd avoided her all day, she waited in her room until nearly 9:00 for him to come by and apologize - er, to feed. She knew he had to be getting hungry, and he'd show up at any time to feed. She stared holes into her door, imagining how amazing it would feel to hear him apologize for all the wrongs he'd done as a man. But when he didn't come, she stormed up the boys' stairs and pounded her fist against his door so vehemently that several students poked their heads out into the hall.

"Get back into your rooms," she snapped with her hand poised to knock again, her eyes zeroing in on the infuriatingly-smirking Blaise. "You especially."

"What did he do this time?" Blaise snickered. "Wait, no - let me guess. He didn't notice your new perfume?"

"Shut it, Zabini." Hermione put her hands on her hips. She was not in the mood for his foolery.

"All right, Hermione?" Neville was staring at her from the top stair, holding a book open in his hands. He hadn't spoken to her much that year, but she knew it was more than likely because he was a very aloof sort of wizard, and not because he felt any particular way about her decision to help the Malfoys. But now, as he saw her standing there, obviously irritated with Blaise, he looked like he was about to draw Godric's sword on the Slytherin.

"Oh, excellent." Her voice dripped with sarcasm. "Abso-bally-lutely excellent. Carry on, Neville."

"Well, I for one think your perfume smells nice. Very floral."

"I'm not wearing any, Neville," she said, giving him a strange look.

"Are you sure?" He frowned and leaned in closer. Being the odd boy he always was, he took an audible sniff of her. "Yes, I'm sure that's it. Gardenia? No, it's . . . Freesia?"

Hermione's anger flared. Had she been so drained and overwhelmed by Malfoy that she'd forgotten that she'd worn perfume?

"Oh, well, then I suppose I am wearing perfume."

Neville smiled, and then he disappeared into his dorm. Blaise arched his eyebrows at her.

"Malfoy's about to getttt ittttt," he sang, and then he ducked back into his room when Hermione reached for her wand in warning.

Malfoy ripped his door open, apparently forgetting his own strength as the hinge at the top bent and wrenched out of the door frame. Hermione cast a quick glance up to the angled bronze, and then set her shoulders back. She glowered up at her whatever-he-was.

"Aren't you hungry?"

He frowned, looking down at her as though she were Voldemort. "So you can hold it over my head later? I think the fuck not, Granger."

"I don't care." She shoved her way into the room and, before the door had even finished slamming shut, her wand was out against her forearm. "Diffindo."

Malfoy let out a snarl of rage and flashed across the room, grabbing her arm in both of his hands and ravenously attaching his mouth to the dripping wound she'd just opened.

"Stupid," he muttered, lifting his lips from her skin. He ran his tongue along the length of the cut, his eyes smoldering down at her. "You're so fucking stupid for this."

"You're stupid for always trying to starve yourself whenever things don't go your way." She winced as he dove back in to feed. He yanked on her arm when she unconsciously pulled at it, and she stumbled against his chest. "We get into one argument, and you manipulate me into worrying about you."

Blood dripped from his chin. "What? I do not manipulate you into doing anything."

"Yes, you do! Every time something small happens, you get dramatic and starve yourself for days on end. It's the same as saying, 'I'm sorry I'm such an arsehole.' It manipulates the situation into being about you."

He stared at her incredulously. "Are you fucking mental? It is about me. I'm the one who's -"

"It's not always about you, though, Malfoy!"

"For someone who hates being interrupted, I'd give you an O for outstanding at interruption." He bit the words out between tightly gritted teeth, and she felt his fingers tighten infinitesimally on her flesh.

"It's not always about you," she said again, lowering her voice as though everyone could hear her. She snatched her arm back and healed it with a viciously spat out episkey. Then, she said, "I've sacrificed things for you, and you don't even care. I've put important things aside for you, and somehow, you twist every single day into a day that revolves around Draco Malfoy and his Twilight saga!"

"What are you on about, Granger? Sacrifices? What the Hell is a Twilight saga?!"

"It's a book series about whiny vampires like you! You wouldn't get it!" She was screaming at the top of her lungs like a maniac, and she had no idea how to stop it. She felt like her heart was expanding, like it was going to tear its way out of her chest.

"I'm not a vampire!" He shook his hands by his face, obviously thoroughly frustrated. "I don't know what I am, but I do know that I don't make things about me, I do not manipulate your days, and I do not fucking whine!"

"All you do is whine!"

He ran his hand through his hair and put the other on his hip, looking ferocious with his blazing silver eyes and bloodstained jaw. "Is this about last Saturday at the Manor?"

"No!" she cried, and then she shook her head. "Yes! It is. But it isn't. It's about everything - it - it - it's about you and me and just . . . I just want to scream at you!"

"Why are you acting like such a bloody bitch?"

"You tried to kill me," she hissed.

"At your behest!"

"Yeah? Well - well, fuck you, Draco Malfoy." She pointed her wand at her arm, where her blood had dripped. "Fucking tergeo, and fucking fuck you!"

She stomped her way out of the room, slamming the door behind her and storming back to her dorm room. She jumped onto her bed, screamed into her pillow, and like any self-respecting, independent eighteen-year-old girl, cried herself to sleep.

Thursday went much the same, only this time, instead of at night, she stepped in front of him in the hallway outside of potions. He looked like he wanted to murder her, but he followed her like a dog to the little hallway they'd been in together quite a few times. After a Notice-Me-Not, a muffliato, and a diffindo, all she had to do was present her wrist. She glared out the little window at the grey, stormy sky, watching and listening to the rain as he fed, wondering if maybe it was time for her to talk to him and try to hash things out.

"Have you finished with your tantrum?" he asked once she'd used her wand to heal herself and clean their skin.

She felt a spike of renewed anger shoot its way through her. Apparently, she'd wondered wrong. A tantrum? Like she was a toddler? Someone easily manipulated and controlled and used? As though her feelings were insignificant, her emotions nothing more than delusions. Did he even care about her?

"Nope," she practically snarled.

"All right, well when will you be?" he drawled sarcastically. "Might I schedule some after-tantrum make-up snogging?"

"My tantrum will be over when I feel like I can trust you again, you bloody prat! You can go snog yourself."

She brushed past him, feeling her emotions begin to swirl and rise, furious tears glittering in her irises. She didn't understand where the anger was coming from. It felt disproportionate, but uncontrollable. But when she looked up into his eyes, all she felt was sheer terror, and that made her angry. She should not be feeling terror when in the presence of someone she cared about. Regardless of whether she'd pushed him Tuesday night into nearly biting and killing her, he scared her, and that wasn't okay.

"By that logic, your tantrum started a long time ago, and it hasn't ended yet, because you never have trusted me, love. You and I both know that." He sounded like he was spitting rotten fruit out onto the ground.

"I see now how foolish that was, to trust a Slytherin." She shot him a scathing look over her shoulder, putting all of her rage into the honey-brown of her eyes. "Above all, 'Slytherin will help you on your way to greatness,' right? I'm just another stepping stone towards getting your way."

"That's not true."

"You don't know the meaning of truth."

And then she left.

Those two more days having been spent revolving around Malfoy made her even angrier, and by the time she woke on Friday after a night of sobbing herself hoarse, she was itching to hex him. She hoped he didn't come to breakfast. If he did, he might end up with jellied legs or bat bogies coming out of his nose.

Hermione hadn't realized she was capable of such strong feelings. They felt like a neverending inferno raging within her. She'd come to realize that she was more angry at herself for not seeing the real reason why she was so livid with him, and she was at constant war with herself over what to do about it all. Because while she was thoroughly aware that she'd insisted on pushing him into trying to get some imagined demon to come out, and that she'd insisted on attending the Revel even though he'd pretty much begged her to leave, she was still finding ways to blame him for the fact that she felt like she wanted to skin herself alive and regrow new flesh that hadn't had the hands of the Death Eaters all over it.

She just didn't know why she wanted to blame him for all of it, and why she couldn't seem to stomach feeling any sort of responsibility for it herself.

Advanced Potions on Friday went more terribly than it had all year. She started the class period with a nagging feeling of irritability at the back of her psyche, and ended it with three inches of curls burned off of the ends of her hair, angry tears on her cheeks, and a week's worth of detention next week - the week before Winter holiday.

The cherry on top of the sundae? Everyone in the school would know there was trouble in Dramione-dise by the end of dinner.

"My dear, sweet Hermione Granger." Blaise slid into the seat beside her at the front of the classroom propping his chin in his hand with his elbow on the table. "You know I hate it when my parents fight."

Hermione rolled her eyes. "Your parents?"

"Mummy." He batted his eyelashes at her and gave her a pout.

"You are ridiculous, Blaise."

"But mummy," he whined, leaning into her.

She gave him a stern look and then sighed. "Son."

Blaise laughed, and then his hand wrapped around hers in her lap and squeezed it before returning to the tabletop. "Seriously, though, you two are murdering me. It's utterly painful to watch. It's like watching Weasley play Quidditch."

"Hey," Ron complained from directly behind them as he sat down.

"Where's Harry?" Hermione asked after looking over her shoulder. She was talking to Ron, but her eyes slid to the back of the room. Malfoy was in his usual seat, surprisingly awake with his hands clasped behind his head, his eyes staring right back at her. It caused her to blush, as usual, and that just made her angry all over again. He raised one eyebrow and she gave him a quick sneer, then looked back at Ron.

"He's running behind," Ron said, shrugging. "He didn't meet me like usual, so he's probably just late from Divination."

Hermione turned back around and rolled her eyes. She would never like that blasted class. She resumed what she had been working on: writing a few sentences on her Transfiguration homework.

"Anyway," Blaise trilled. "When will you and daddy make up?"

"Did your father send you over here to talk to me?" Hermione asked without looking up as her quill scrawled across her parchment. Around them, the classroom was slowly filling with their peers.

"Now, why would you say something so hideously ghastly, mummy?" Blaise sighed theatrically. "As if he even knows I'm talking to you about him."

"I'd believe you if he weren't watching us like a kneazle watching a couple of field mice at lunch. You can tell your father that mummy's going to be angry for the foreseeable future. Also be sure to tell him that he'll have to fend for himself for dinners from now on."

"Hermione," Blaise said, sounding exasperated. "Whatever happened, I'm sure it's not as bad as you think."

Hermione didn't answer him. She was barely aware of what she was angry about. She had yet to figure it out. So Blaise could shove it. She'd be done being angry when she was good and ready.

"Run along now, son," she said when she tired of feeling Blaise's eyes on her. "Mummy's busy."

"Daddy will cry, I hope you know," Blaise said as he stood, brushing his knuckles along her cheekbones. "He misses you terribly."

"Well, you can tell your father that mummy would love to jinx his hair to never stop growing." She imagined it and giggled. "We'll see how much he misses me when he's busy trying not to trip over it."

Blaise laughed as he walked back to his seat, leaving the seat beside Hermione empty.

"That was weird," Ron said as he scrambled to take the seat. "Do I want to know about the family dynamic?"

Hermione looked up from her parchment. "I'm not quite sure I know about it myself. But what I do know is Malfoy is a prat. A ferrety prat."

"Now that's a sentiment we can drink to."

Harry arrived shortly after, looking disheveled and like he'd run to class, and he plopped down in the seat next to Ron. Slughorn entered the class right after Harry, and then immediately launched into a small lecture. He split them all into partners and much to Hermione's dismay, Slughorn partnered her with Malfoy again.

"You both do such excellent work," Slughorn, ever the player of favorites said. He grimaced at Malfoy. "Even if one of you is a bit more likeable than the other."

"Now, Professor," Malfoy drawled as he came to stand beside Hermione. He already had a cauldron in one hand and a tray of ingredients balanced on the palm of the other. "Don't say such horrid things about Miss Granger. She might have her feelings hurt."

Professor Slughorn blanched. "Yes, well . . . That's not what I . . . Hm. Get to work."

Hermione and Malfoy stood beside her, the former glowering down at the table. Malfoy moved close to her, his cologne washing over her.

"Would you like assistance chopping the hag tonsils, love?" His voice rolled down the length of her spine.

"No, thank you," she said, voice clipped. She held up the knife. "Unless you'd like to provide your tonsils? Human organs make such potent potions."

"She bites and she's funny. My kind-of witch."

"Shut up." She sliced the hag tonsils with vehemence. How was it that he could act so lackadaisical so soon after their arguments? It was as though he were completely unfazed and found the whole thing humorous. Like she was a joke to him.

He watched her prepare all of the ingredients, watched her light the cauldron and stir it, and she was so preoccupied by how angry she was at him for everything else that she had no room left within her to be angry at his arrogant laziness. Her hands trembled slightly from her rage.

"Do you need more potion for your hands?" he asked, stepping so close that she couldn't smell the rank potion any longer. Instead, her nostrils were overwhelmed by the scent of his woodsy, spiced cologne.

"No, Malfoy. I'm fine."

"You don't seem fine."

She practically threw the volcanic stones into the potion. "Well, you're certainly not going to be if you don't stop talking to me."

Malfoy said nothing, much to her surprise, and she snuck a look up at him. He was watching her hands lift the large dropper out of the adder venom jar. His hair was slicked back into a modern pompadour, and with his blue button-up with the sleeves rolled up and the top two buttons undone, he looked dangerous and formidable. She felt even angrier.

How dare he look that handsome at any time of the day? How dare he look so snoggable when what she wanted to do was stomp away from him?

"It needs sixteen drops," he said as she held the venom dropper over the cauldron.

"No, it doesn't. It never has. It needs only fourteen."

"Mm, no, pretty sure it takes sixteen."

"I'm doing fourteen."

"If you do that, and then add the powdered rat bone, it will upset the balance. It'll - no - yep. Yeah. It's going to burst into flames."

"No, it won't."

"Yes, it will. It's going to burn you."

"Oh, lovely for you, then, hm? You did say you were itching to burn someone."

"Hermione," he growled, his voice a warning.

Hermione ignored the way her the skin on the back of her neck prickled when he said her first name. He was standing right next to her, one hand on the table top, and she purposefully kept her eyes on the cauldron as she added the fourteen drops of venom. She remembered well that this potion took fourteen drops. She knew it took fourteen. Malfoy was wrong, and she was tired of him always thinking he was -

She added the powdered bone, and the potion promptly burst into flames. Hermione screamed as the ends of her hair from where she was leaning over the cauldron caught fire and she fell backward. Malfoy's arm was waiting, catching her instantly. He sighed beneath the sound of her screams. The class erupted into near-chaos, everyone clamoring to figure out why there was smoke in the room.

As Malfoy snatched up her wand and quickly cast aguamenti on her poor curls, Slughorn stomped over with anger in his eyes. He put his hands on his hips, gave Hermione detention with him for the entirety of next week, and then told her to go to the Infirmary to get looked over. Hermione stood there, staring blankly up at him, feeling the eyes of the entire class drilling into her, and she felt herself shattering. Her sanity snapped and she burst out into tears.

"I'm so sick of you, Malfoy!" she shrieked, slamming her fists against Malfoy's chest. Several people in the class gasped, including Slughorn and Ron, and Malfoy simply glared down at her.

"Continuing the tantrum on ceremony now, are we?" Malfoy asked, drawing eyes to him.

"Just . . . Leave me alone!" Hermione, completely and utterly mortified at the entire situation, sobbed angrily as she gathered up her things and left the classroom in a hurry. She wished she could Apparate to her dorm; it felt like privacy was so far away. Instead, she dashed into the nearest bathroom and locked herself into a stall until she'd finished crying.

It was all too much. She knew what she was angry about. She was angry about the situations he'd put her in, the constant danger that seemed to surround him. She'd barely had a day of calm since getting involved with Draco Malfoy. She seemed to constantly give him everything and he still didn't understand why that was a problem. He just didn't seem to care.

He knew how to boil her blood and cool it at the same time, how to play her like a piano and then rip her apart with a single look. She was mad at how much power he seemed to have over her and her life, and she was mad at how easily she seemed to shuck everything for him: her morals, her studies, her parents . . . What would be next? Her future? Her friends? Her personality?

She just didn't know why. Why was she so angry about all those things? What specifically about them bothered her? The anger was blistering, and she wished she didn't have to feel it, but it seemed to be trying to drown her.

When Hermione exited the stall and walked out towards the door, there he was. Of course.

Malfoy sat on the edge of the bath, elbows resting on his thighs and hands laced between his knees. She could see the bottom half of his Dark Mark on his forearm from where she was, could see the stained glass mermaid on the wall watching them curiously, and their eyes met across the room.

"If you're struggling with it, you know you can talk to me," he said quietly, sitting up straight. "I was there with you through it all."

"Were you, though?"

He narrowed his eyes a fraction. "Is that a trick question? I am the only person who understands how you feel."

Hermione felt her rage flaring again and she dug her nails into her hands. He didn't understand. He never would. He was a Pureblood. He would never understand what it was like to be her, to hear the horrible things the Death Eaters and the wolves had said knowing that it was her they wanted to hear crying. To feel terrified of being harmed just because of her blood status. To feel the cold marble floor beneath her hands and knees as she crawled like a familiar after her 'master.'

"You don't understand," she said. "And you never will."

"So explain it to me," he said, rising to his feet slowly. His eyes softened a fraction. "Tell me what is wrong."

Her nails broke the skin and she saw his eyes snap down to her fist. He could smell the blood, even the smallest fraction of it. Oh, of course. She gave a bitter laugh and held her palms out to him.

"Take what you need from me," she said in a macabre mirror of the words she'd said to him before. "That's what you're good at. Taking and taking."

"Granger . . ."

"I need some fucking space."

He made no move to go after her as she left the bathroom, and she didn't need to look over her shoulder to know that he hadn't followed her.

Hermione spent her weekend in a fuzzy state of mind, thinking of nothing and everything simultaneously. When she lets her walls down for a moment to feel everything, she thought of Malfoy, thought of Greyback, and remembered the feeling of being completely exposed and violated by the eyes of monsters. It traumatized her, and so she'd put her walls back up and feel nothing, only to disassociate from herself for hours. She spent the majority of Saturday in bed under her covers, staring at the drawers of her dresser as they blurred and refocused over and over. Her only bright spot was Pakatugg curling up to laze about on the mattress with a pile of candied chestnuts beside her. He was getting plumper, preparing for Winter, and he slept often these days. It made Hermione feel a bit less alone.

The rain continued outside, the light tip-tap-tip of it hitting the panes of her window soothing her into a sort of sleepy limbo from the moment her eyelids fluttered open to the moment they closed again for the night. Her stomach growled on and off from hunger, but she just ignored it and slept. She had nightmares of the Revel, always forcing her bloodshot eyes back open, and she'd stare across the room at the Dreamless Sleep potion she had on her vanity. But she made no move to retrieve it. No accio, either. She just went back to sleep, back to nightmares, and then woke up and started the dissociation all over again. She supposed it had something to do with her anger at herself, a sort of self-flagellation she was using to remind herself that she was dumb enough to have gone to the damn Revel in the first place.

Sunday brought a bit more energy, though the constant rain kept Hermione from leaving the fuzzy mindset of the day before. In a depressive funk, she left her room in an oversized jumper and a pair of leggings, earning herself a few snide looks from Pansy and Goyle by the fire as she left the common room for her Muggle attire. She hadn't fixed her burned hair, and it looked awful, or so Pansy told her. Dean told Pansy to shut up from where he was playing wizard's chess with Seamus. Harry was nowhere to be found, and Ron was lying sprawled out on the floor with Neville poring over some Quidditch magazines.

"I'm guessing the doom and gloom look is because Malfoy finally dumped you?" Pansy smirked. "Guess your cunt's not as Golden as your famous name would imply."

"Shut up, Parkinson," Ron snapped.

"Malfoy didn't dump her," Dean sighed. "They were never together."

"I highly doubt that," Goyle snorted, leaning back against the couch with his arm across the back of it and holding a bottle of firewhiskey in his lap. "And what's your definition of together?"

"All little Miss Gryffin-whore needs is a prick," Pansy said with another smirk, her legs curled up beneath her on the cushion. "Malfoy's got one of those. A rather excellent one."

Hermione glared at her. She knew Malfoy had been with Pansy at one point, but it bothered her now more than ever. "Come off it, Pansy."

"Oh, come on, Granger. Surely you've seen it? Surely you know the sorts of things he likes, too? I'm sure if you try that thing he likes with the tongue, he'll take you back. Have heart."

"Oh, that's revolting," Ron said. He was lying on his back, holding the magazine up above him, and now he let it fall to his chest as he pulled a disgusted look in Pansy's direction. "None of us wants to hear about the ferret's sex life."

"We're not into bestiality," Dean said, laughing hard enough to draw tears. Ron joined him, the two of them punching each other's shoulders. Hermione rolled her eyes.

"Pansy, I know you think it's an accomplishment to be a teenage boy's personal sock when you're young," Hermione said, arms crossed and lips curving into a smirk. "But surely you know that being the most-explored witch of Slytherin is no accomplishment, right?"

Pansy's smirk faded and she fixed Hermione with a glare. "Better than being the whore of Gryffindor."

"Come now," Hermione said, eyes dancing. "Don't slut shame. I wasn't aware of my role, though." She smiled as though she were speaking to an old friend. "Tell me . . . Who exactly have I slept with?"

Pansy sneered. "It's not as if you know me well enough to say the same."

Ron snorted, but Hermione was already counting off on her fingers.

"Terence Higgs in the back corner of the Library, Blaise Zabini on the Quidditch Pitch, Adrian Pucey that time in the Great Hall when you thought everyone had left for class, and Draco Malfoy in Merlin-knows-where, probably everywhere. All of that was Sixth Year, I believe."

Goyle pointed at Pansy. "Remember when we shagged in the greenhouse after Herbology?"

Pansy looked like she wanted to murder him.

Ron and Dean sniggered, and Hermione raised her eyebrows. She pressed on.

"And Goyle in the greenhouse after Herbology. Those are just the ones I heard about. So to call me the whore of Gryffindor . . . ? I mean, let's be real. First of all, it's not really an insult. Second, it's not cute to reduce womens' sexuality, which is completely natural, to pettiness based on mistruth. And third, if I was busy sleeping with the whole of my House, do you really think I'd have had time to help Harry defeat Voldemort?"

Goyle and Pansy both glared at her, but said nothing.

"Whoops," Hermione said, hands moving to her hips. "I forgot. He was your mate, wasn't he? My condolences. I'm off to the Library."

Ron and Dean were falling about with laughter, and even though Hermione knew she was being over the top, she was sick of Pansy. She was sick of her making snide remarks and trying to tear Hermione down simply because she didn't like her.

Hermione, not one to tear another woman down for her sexual escapades, but definitely one to show Pansy a thing or two, then paused mid-turn. "But don't worry; Pucey, Higgs, Goyle, Malfoy, and Zabini will forever remember you as the best practice shag they ever had. I'm sure of it. As for Malfoy, thank you. He's had plenty of practice. I'll let you know how it goes."

With that, ignoring the way Goyle and Pansy reached for their wands, Hermione showed them her back and exited through the portrait to the sound of Ron and Dean's raucous laughter.

Hermione meandered across the corridor, her earlier depression settling back over her. Pansy's words didn't affect her, but she did dislike the thought of her and Malfoy together. It bothered her to think of him at a more carefree stage. When things weren't so complicated. It made her wonder what things would have been like had he not subscribed to his father's ideas about blood status and Muggle-borns. Would they have connected and become . . . Something?

The sleepy-eyed witch wandered through the stacks, eyes scanning the spines for something a little less Malfoy-related to read than the types of books she'd been reading all year. She selected a book on the history of cooking spells and then wandered to an alcove by a window to curl up in an armchair and read.

After reading a couple of pages, Hermione found herself staring out the window. The downpour was thick, but not so thick as to obscure her view of Hogwarts' grounds. She gazed down at it, at the lush, green grass, the trees of the far off Forbidden Forest, and wondered where Crabbe had disappeared to. Had he gotten hurt in the forest, and that was why he hadn't been back? Had Minerva sent out any sort of search party? She knew Dumbledore would have, but Minerva was a bit more . . . Hermione just knew she wouldn't be surprised if Minerva never had sent anyone to look for him.

Hermione rested her head against the chair's cushioned back, pulling her knees up closer and setting the book atop them. She hugged her legs and watched the raindrops twisting their way down the glass of the window. It was times like these that she thought back to the night at the owlery. She wished they had more clues, but it was like she'd been cursed by a ghost.

A flash of blonde meandered outside the alcove, and Hermione perked up.

"Oh, Luna!"

Luna whirled around with a pile of books in her arms and beamed when she saw Hermione seated there. "Hermione!"

"Go ahead and sit down," Hermione said, feeling her spirits lift at the prospect of spending time with her friend.

She gestured to the armchair across from her, on the other side of the window, and Luna entered the alcove. The blonde put her book pile on the small table between the chairs, and then settled into her seat.

"It's so good to see you, Hermione! Were you unwell yesterday?" Luna asked, beginning to twist a few strands of her long waves into a tiny braid. She wore a pair of full-body green velvet pyjamas with one long zipper and a hood with two giant false eyeballs on the front. If she weren't Luna, Hermione would have been perplexed. In the Muggle world, specifically the US, they called them 'footie pajamas,' and it was completely bizarre to see someone wandering about Hogwarts dressed as a frog.

"No," Hermione said, a half-lie. "I just needed to rest. I was in bed all day."

Luna's lips spread into a soft smile. "Things aren't going very well with Draco Malfoy, are they?"

Hermione sighed. "You're really good at telling when something's the matter, Luna."

Luna stared at her for a moment before saying, "Vampires can read Muggle emotions. It's similar to how werewolves can scent them, but based on a reading of magical core to core, rather than a physical presence."

"Your father spoke to you, then?"

"Yes, he wrote to me. I know you know what I am." She leaned forward, her elbows on her thighs and chin in both hands as she smiled dreamily. "I must say, it's a relief. Now, you and Ron both know, and I don't feel like I'm hiding anything anymore."

Hermione nodded, wondering if now was a good time to talk with her about Malfoy. She was still angry with him, and unsure of what was going to happen moving forward, but it had been a week since the Revel and his previous transformation, and things were obviously not going well. They were flying blind, and they desperately needed at least one more head to help them solve the issue.

"Does it frighten you?"

Hermione blinked herself out of her thoughts, realizing that she'd been staring out the window again. "Oh . . . No, it doesn't."

"That's good," Luna said softly, sitting back in her seat once more and pulling her feet up onto it. "Ron fainted when I showed him my fangs. It was silly."

"I'm thoroughly unsurprised to hear that. So Ronald knows, then?"

"Yes, he's my source." Luna tilted her head almost coyly. "He makes sure I stay fed."

Hermione nodded slowly, wondering if that meant Ron was okay to be involved in Malfoy's situation, too. She had a feeling he still wouldn't be on board, but then again she thought he might not be on board for anything any longer. Not with how terrible their arguments had been.

"I am surprised to hear that. Wasn't he terrified?"

"Oh, definitely. But he's a Gryffindor. He's been rather brave."

"I don't doubt it. Ron always has had a knack for bravery in the face of danger." Hermione smiled. "How did it all happen?"

Luna began to braid another few strands of hair. "It was the first night of school, actually. He saw me sipping it from a canister I brought from home."

"Can I ask . . . Whose . . . ?"

"My father's. He siphons his blood and sends it to me weekly in the post. Since I'm registered, I also can procure some from St. Mungo's once per month. It gets difficult, though, if you can't find a source. The Ministry doesn't make it easy - they only provide you just enough to survive."

Hermione's brow furrowed. Another mistreatment against magical creatures. Vampires were considered Beings, so they received a tad bit better treatment than Beasts like werewolves, but only being given enough blood to survive seemed just as barbaric as any of the werewolf laws.

"I see you eat breakfast and whatnot with us, though," she said to Luna. "Do vampires eat human food?"

"Yes, of course." Luna chuckled. "Think of it like humans and water. Blood is necessary for vampires the same way that water is. The only difference is that I won't die if I stop eating human food."

"That's interesting, I didn't know that . . ."

They gazed at each other for another second, and Hermione felt her stomach twisting with nervousness. She wanted to tell Luna about Malfoy, if only to get some help for herself for helping him. For Merlin's sake, she and Malfoy had already agreed to tell her. But it felt like she and Malfoy might never speak again, so it was difficult.

"Ron was a lot less calm than you are right now," Luna said, cocking her head to the side again and twisting a braid around her forefinger.

"Yes, well, I'm something of a magical creature fanatic," Hermione said with a short laugh. "I'm not overly fond of the restrictions and laws the Ministry places upon them. Er, you all. I have . . . Experience with their effects."

"Experience?"

Hermione felt the urge to tell her about Malfoy again. Her mouth opened, the words sticking to the walls of her throat. Why did it feel like she was losing some great battle, thinking about continuing to help him?

"Oh, right, with Buckbeak in Third Year!" Luna suddenly said. "Yes, I do recall hearing about that incident in Third Year. I was happy to hear you'd managed to rescue him."

"Yes," Hermione said softly, looking out the window as distant, faded memories of her Third Year rushed through her head. The Time Turner, Sirius, the immense loads of homework she'd had, punching Malfoy . . . The year before Voldemort returned, before Cedric had perished, before everything started to go downhill. It was only 5 years ago, but it felt like centuries.

Luna sighed and gazed out the window. "Can I tell you something that no one else knows, Hermione?"

"Of course." Hermione whipped out her wand. "Muffliato."

Luna's blue eyes seemed paler in the grey light of the rainy day as she stared at the sky outside. "My mother, she . . . She was like me. A vampire. She never registered, though. She meant to, but my parents never were good with sticking to plans . . . But after I was born and they realized that I was a born vampire, they finally made some changes. They registered me with the Ministry, not expecting me to be a witch."

Hermione looked on in shock. She'd only ever heard about turned vampires, but born vampires? That was unheard of. Her mind began to spin with all the knowledge she wanted to glean from Luna about vampirism, but she quelled her questions. Perhaps she should tell Luna about Malfoy, just to make comparisons, and hang whatever Malfoy felt, and the status of their something.

"But since things weren't exactly . . . Smooth regarding Half-bloods, and they never quite have been, Professor Dumbledore allowed me to keep my registry a secret from everyone at Hogwarts save for him and Professor McGonagall. I believe that Professor Snape may have possessed knowledge, but of that, I am unsure." Luna gave a small, sad smile. "Strangely enough, I can't remember a single negative interaction with Professor Snape. He was always kind to me, especially when the students used to throw things into my cauldron and destroy my potions. It is sad, though, what he did. How cruel he ended up being, and how terribly he treated everyone else."

Hermione's eyes snapped to hers. She knew exactly why Snape was kind to Luna. Harry had told her all about it. Snape was the odd wizard, and one who everyone bullied, just like Luna had been.

"You should know, Luna. You should know that in the end, Snape wasn't as hideous as he seemed. He was playing a role, just as we all had to, in some respects. Dumbledore asked him to . . . Well, what I mean is . . ." Hermione bit her lower lip. Luna was her friend, but to divulge everything about the events leading up to the war . . . It felt like she was stealing Harry's story and molding it to fit her own life. It didn't feel like it was her place to say. "Ask Harry - he'll tell you everything you want to know about Severus Snape. Just know that if he was kind to you? It was genuine."

Luna smiled, and looked at Hermione, and Hermione saw that there were tears glittering in her eyes. "That is wonderful to hear. I think I will. Ask Harry, I mean. I'd love to hear anything he knows."

Hermione leaned across, reaching her hand out. Luna took it, and they held hands for a moment.

"So you were saying," Hermione said, taking her hand back. "You were allowed to hide your registry?"

"Oh, yes. Yes, I have made it a point to tell everyone here that I'm a Pureblood witch. Ron, and now you, are the only two at Hogwarts who know my true status. My father has charmed my registration form to simply elude whoever goes looking for it, should they choose to. I know it's not exactly legal or - or moral, but I . . . Well, things are already so difficult for my father. I don't want my classification to make things worse."

Hermione's heart clenched and she frowned. "I despise the Ministry sometimes. House Elf servitude legality, starving the vampires, making Wolfsbane exorbitantly expensive, allowing Greyback rights where other werewolves are not allowed them . . ."

"Greyback . . ." Luna frowned, too, balling her hand into a fist on the arm of the chair. "He killed Lavender, and they've allowed him so many rights he doesn't deserve. He should be in Azkaban, you know?"

"There's nothing good or deserving about Fenrir Greyback," Hermione bit out sharply, drawing Luna's gaze to her. Hermione looked away, as if Luna could see her memories of the Revel just by looking at her. "Trust me."

Luna's lower lip pushed out into a small pout. "Sometimes, it seems like the Ministry is corrupt enough, even without You-Know-Who's influence. Sometimes it seems like something isn't right."

Luna didn't know how right she probably was. There was no doubt in her mind - Kingsley was compromised in some way, as were who knew how many other Ministry Officials. Perhaps even members of the Wizengamot.

"Do they know you're a born vampire?"

"No. I wasn't registered until I was 3 years old. My parents, they came up with a false story. They said I was attacked while on a trip out of the country. The Aurors didn't think it was necessary to look into it, as my father lied and told them he killed the vampire in retribution. We both fed from my father, and it . . . Well, you've seen him. It took its toll. He's sickly now, but neither of us can bear to hurt anyone. But now that I have Ron, I've been able to tell my father to rest and care for himself. You must understand, it's . . . It's really unheard of for a vampire to be born. Rare, rare magic. I'm still not even sure how it happened."

Rare magic? Hermione wondered if rare magic was what was going on with Malfoy?

Hermione took a deep breath. She had to tell her. She had to.

"Luna, I have something important to tell you, but you have to swear that you won't breathe a word to anyone - not even to Ron."

"I promise." Luna leaned forward, eyes wide.

"Malfoy is . . . There's something going on with him. He's . . ." Hermione tucked her curls behind her ears and pressed on bravely. "He's a magical creature of some sort, but we don't know what he is or what's wrong with him. I'm not quite sure how to put this, but he's . . . Multiple things, he . . ."

Luna's brows knit together, obviously perplexed.

Hermione knew she was making it more stressful than she needed to. She sighed, exasperated with herself. "I've seen him turn into a wolf. Like, a huge wolf. He drinks my - my blood, and he . . . He's angry. Very angry. He also has been experiencing a strange amount of lust."

Luna looked serious. "Lust?"

"Like, for me." Hermione played with her fingernails and chewed at her lip. She felt ashamed, almost. "He lusts after me, and it's not . . . Normal. He's never . . . Well, he's never been attracted to me before, and now, ever since he started experiencing symptoms . . . We aren't sure what he is. I've spent hours in the Library, and we've gotten nowhere. Things are hectic, chaotic, and he might also be a . . ."

"A what?"

"A demon?" Hermione winced, as though waiting for an explosion. "I don't know why I think that, I just have this - this feeling that he is, or that it's part of it. He hasn't summoned one, obviously, but . . ." She sucked in her breath.

And then it all came spilling out. Everything. From the hand massages, to the moments in the alcoves, to the Revel, to his transformation at the Manor, to the trip to the Ministry and the things she'd learned about Cecilia Yaxley. She told her about the feedings and how they seemed to be getting progressively worse, how she thought he may be a Veela as well, and about her unfounded reasons for thinking he was a demon, or had one attached to him. She droned on about the things she'd read in books and how they differed from Malfoy's symptoms, and what seemed to fit the bill. She told her about their argument, and how her insistence at trying to draw something demonic out of him last evening caused things to spiral out of control for them both. Hermione even told her about how Malfoy made her crawl on the floor, how the Death Eaters said degrading things to her, and how easily Malfoy had played his role as the villain. She told her about the possibility of him needing a mate, and of how he'd made it clear to her that he didn't want her to be his mate. By the time she was done, she could hardly breathe and her hands were trembling in a panic.

". . . And now I'm just so angry with him, Luna. I can hardly breathe around him. I just lash out. We've been arguing for over a day and it feels so . . . So strange. I want to be with him, I truly do, more than anything . . . But I can't shake the feeling that I'm being used, or - or - or that the feelings he may possess towards me are false, or a result of his condition."

"Now, why do you think he's a demon?" Luna frowned, and Hermione could hear in her voice that she was processing everything she'd told her.

"I don't know, I don't know," Hermione breathed out in a near-panic. "I just said it on the last day we were at the Manor, I . . . I suggested that the lust might be attributed to demonic behavior, like an Incubus, and now we've been diving down into a veritable rabbit hole of demonology and . . . Well, when I tested him Monday night - when I made him angry on purpose - he nearly k-killed me, he . . ." Her breathing began to grow labored. "The worst part of it all is that I keep putting myself in danger around him. I've never been so foolish, so . . . Out of my mind over a man before. I would never have done this for Harry or Ron."

"I think you would have," Luna said, voice gentle. "I know you would do anything for Harry and Ronald both."

Hermione stared at her, her lower lip trembling. "I'm falling for him, Luna. I'm falling for him and it terrifies me knowing that not only could it never be reciprocated with his true heart, but I also could be the only thing standing between him and death. If he doesn't mate with me and he truly is a Veela . . . Merlin, Luna, I can't -"

"Right, well first of all." Luna reached for Hermione's hand. "You've got to keep yourself calm. If you don't, you'll attract Sticky Treacles, and trust me - you don't want to know what those are. Second, it's not your fault what happened with Fenrir Greyback and those evil people. Do you hear me, Hermione? None of that is your fault. You and Malfoy were just surviving, and if he is a werewolf, he truly had no choice. My father has a werewolf friend - if their alpha challenges them and wins, they have no choice but to do what the alpha says. He didn't want to hurt you, all right? I know it."

Hermione huffed, wanting to protest, and then nodded. "I still can't help but feel angry with him. I don't know why. It's just . . . It's filling me from within and spilling out everywhere. I feel like . . . Merlin, I don't know. I just know I told him that I need space, and I'm going to stick to that until I figure it out."

"I think that was the best thing you could do for right now," Luna said. "Now, for everything else . . . Perhaps it would be best if we start small."

"You're going to help?"

"Yes." She flashed a small smile and squeezed Hermione's hand. "And one thing that I think is very important is starting small and working your way up to the bigger issues. From what you said, it seems to me that the situation with Greyback can be pushed to the side until a later date. I also think that Malfoy becoming a demon, or being a demon, or even speaking with a demon - that is not as pressing as you think. There isn't any proof right now, so don't stress about it until you have reason to, all right?"

"All right," Hermione said, feeling relieved to let the reins go for even one moment. "So what do you think is the most important issue?"

"The blood. You need to find a consistent source for him that's not going to affect your emotions so much. Did you know that when vampires feed, they were not meant to drink small amounts? Vampire wounds -"

"Don't always close because the victim is not meant to live," Hermione finished, nodding. "I was bitten by one at the - you know. I used Muggle stitching and it seems to have healed, But Malfoy, he's never bitten me, so I wouldn't be able to say in regards to him . . . I know for certain he's not a vampire. He has no issues with sunlight, for instance."

"Then he's not a vampire." She held up her wrist, where a simple gold bracelet was wrapped. "This is charmed to make me impervious to the rays of the sun. That's why I can attend school during the day."

"Ah, how fascinating." Hermione peered at it. It looked innocent enough. "So then if Malfoy is a Veela? How do we find him a source that he can't bite? I have yet to write the one person I know that is quarter-Veela. This week, I've been so preoccupied with my anger that I haven't written the letter."

"I don't know much about Veelas, unfortunately, but I do know the spell my father uses to keep his blood in stasis when he posts it to me?" Luna said. "We can drain your blood into vials and give them to Malfoy, and then you can take your time to have the space you need."

Hermione liked that idea. It would enable her to help him without sacrificing so much, and give her the opportunity to think clearly about how to proceed with things. No matter how she looked at it, there were two possible courses: either she and Malfoy worked together platonically to keep him alive, or she and Malfoy mated. That was it. There were no other ways that she was comfortable with. She would not let him die.

In any case, she was still angry with him. She wasn't ready to be done being angry because she was still assessing her emotional turmoil. She couldn't keep letting him feed off of her directly because whenever he did, they argued.

"Hermione, are you open to trying something a little unsettling?"

Hermione's mind snapped out of its reverie. "All right."

"I want to try a bit of your blood," she said slowly, fingering one of her braids. "Vampires usually can tell in the taste of blood what humans are sources for other vampires. Vampires are solitary, unlike werewolves who travel in packs. We don't share meals. Even up until before Ron became my source, my father's blood still tasted awful to me because my mother had marked him as her source. You said he may be a Veela, but they consume blood, too. Perhaps Veelas are similar to vampires in that regard?"

"But I thought that vampires' victims weren't meant to live once they'd been bitten?"

"The meals aren't meant to survive," Luna said in a bit distant of a tone. "But that doesn't mean you can't save them for later. For Ronald, he makes a cut and drains the blood, and then we heal him."

"But we aren't bonded or mated. He would have to bite me for that to happen."

"No, but you could be marked. It's a bit confusing, but I'm wondering if mayhaps Veelas mark their prey, too? If you're marked, then perhaps that means there are other similarities between vampires and Veelas? It could be helpful information."

Hermione tapped her chin thoughtfully. "They do have something called 'claiming,' which is where they basically keep other potential mates from approaching through a non-mating bite. That might mean that things that work for vampires can also work for Malfoy."

"That also means that things that work against vampires might work against Veelas, too. I know the sun isn't an issue, but I do have a weakness around iron. It makes me feel heavy and lethargic. I also have an aversion to wood, I remain somewhat sleepy during the day, and I absolutely cannot be near fire that is more powerful than a lantern flame.

"Also, earlier when you asked about human food? I'm guessing Malfoy doesn't eat human food any longer; that is likely because he's a werewolf, too. Werewolves only eat raw flesh. Oh, but werewolves also are weak to silver. It will kill him if it gets into his bloodstream, so please keep that in mind." Luna stopped for a moment, looking thoughtfully up into the air. "Yes, that's everything. For the wood aversion, though, that may just be a fear of mine of wooden stakes, or it's something in my magic that keeps me away from it. I'm not sure."

Hermione wished she had a parchment and quill, even though she had already read about a few of the things Luna spoke about. She took mental notes of everything as best she could, and then together she and Luna practiced the wand movements and the pronunciation of the blood stasis spell until Hermione felt comfortable doing it. Then, they got up to go to Luna's room, where she claimed she had several empty vials that Hermione could use to fill with her blood. Before the left the safety of the muffliato spell, Luna stopped and turned to face Hermione. She looked a bit silly in her frog pyjamas, but Hermione figured she didn't look much less disheveled in her oversized jumper.

"Are you going to be all right, d'you think?" Luna asked.

Hermione thought for a moment. "Well, I should hope so. Things are complicated where Malfoy is concerned, but I think that with time, it will be sorted. For now, I should take my space and focus on what I can control."

"But Hermione, please understand." Luna grasped both of Hermone's hands and gazed at her sincerely. "What happened at the Manor was not your fault. Please don't carry that burden. It will destroy you."

Hermione nodded, and then Luna pulled her into a gentle hug.

"It's going to be all right," Luna said softly. "I'm going to help you. You'll both be okay."

Before they left the alcove, Hermione took one last look over her shoulder at the cloudy, grey sky. The rain continued to tip-tap-tip and pour its dreariness down onto the grounds of Hogwarts, and Hermione wondered to herself why - if she knew deep down none of what happened at the Revel was her fault - she blamed herself for all of it.



 

Invisible


Clear the Area by Imogen Heap, Empires by Ruelle, Lista de Espera by Matt Hunter & Isabela Merced, and Technicolour Beat by Oh Wonder

Hermione POV

Staring at the scissors in her hand, Hermione contemplated cutting it all off.

It wasn't as if she cared particularly what length her hair was. It seemed that her hair had brought her nothing but trouble her entire life. It was a nightmare to brush so she simply didn't, except to run a comb through it after a shower. Malfoy hadn't been the only one to tease her about her hair when they were younger, so it wasn't like it was exactly a beacon for positivity. She had a bottle of Sleekeazy's, but to be frank, it felt like putting cooking oil in her hair and it was terrible for daily use.

She closed her eyes, trying not to remember what it felt like to have Malfoy's long fingers twisted through her hair as he dragged her along the stone floor of his Manor, and she held the scissors to a large chunk of curls by her chin. She could still feel the tenderness in her scalp, the follicles screaming in protest as he pulled and pulled and pulled. All she had to do was squeeze her hand. She could squeeze and it would all be gone. Just like that, nothing available for any man to grab.

She paused.

Hermione had no problems with her hair. She loved her curls, the gentle way they spiraled down from the top of her head and framed her body like a voluminous shower of chocolate. She loved how they grew lighter in the Summer, and she especially loved the way they frizzed up when she was upset, as if they had a life of their own. They were as much a part of her as her nose or lips or arms or spine.

Why should she have to remove something she loved about herself just to keep other people happy? Why should she have to change any part of her body just to protect herself?

At the Revel, if she'd had no hair on her head, it wouldn't have mattered. Malfoy was ordered by Greyback to drag her. He would have dragged her by the ear, or the wrist, or the throat. When she was a kid, she was teased and bullied about a lot more than just her hair. Without it, she would have just been teased about something else. It wouldn't have made a difference.

If Hermione cut her hair, she would lose something that she adored about herself, and it would be as inconsequential as a snowflake. It would change nothing except her own feelings about herself. She didn't want to give that sort of power to anyone other than herself.

And she was saying no.

She set the scissors down on her dresser. Maybe someday, she'd cut it all off. Maybe someday, she'd expose herself that now, she wanted something to be in her control. If she wanted to have long hair, then she would. Regardless of the hazards.

Hermione knew she was strong no matter what. She could have hair down to her ankles, and she would still be just as strong of a woman.

She turned and wandered across her room to the window, watching the rain fall. She felt a bit subdued, which was nice. It felt better than being scorching hot with anger, or deflated with despair. Hermione was used to having a quick temper. She'd snapped at Harry and Ron in more than a few instances over the years. Her quick temper was what had saved them many times with her ability to turn any emotions off that she needed to in the face of danger. But with Malfoy, it was like he was thundering through her heart, wrenching down her carefully-organized walls and pinning them to the ground. Her emotions were flooding every which way, spilling out all over the place and mingling in a way that confused her. She'd never felt this way before. She'd never felt so utterly overwhelmed all the time.

It was terrifying and infuriating, all at the same time.

Her hand lifted and pressed flat against the windowpane, the glass feeling icy to the touch. Her fingers were still, which brought a slight bit of comfort to her regarding her emotions. At least she had the potion Malfoy gave her. At least she had something steady to ground her when she felt like everything was spinning out of control. No matter how frenzied she felt, she could count on her cruciatus pain to be controlled. No matter how angry she was at Malfoy, she could look at the potion and remember that at one point, he'd done something selfless for her.

Hermione wondered what Malfoy was thinking, and what he was doing right at that moment. Was he sleeping off the hunger? Was he pacing his room, or staring out of his window like she was? Or was he doing something normal like homework or studying? Maybe even reading? She imagined him sprawled out on his bed, books and papers spread around him as he took notes with some sort of exorbitantly expensive feather quill, and it brought another lift to her spirits. She supposed he would be as dramatic as possible, even with his quills, and she wondered what sorts of quills he used when they were kids.

Except they still were kids, weren't they? Just because society told them they were adults, didn't mean they were. What, they were kids and then went to bed on their sixteenth birthdays, only to wake up fully grown and matured the next day? Hermione was eighteen, she'd seen war, and she'd watched a dark wizard fall, yet she still felt like a teenage girl who had a crush on someone completely emotionally unattainable. She felt immature and foolish and reckless.

Reckless. Just like he told her she was. Reckless, throwing herself in front of the metaphorical curse to make wild decisions that made sense in theory, and ending up bruised for it. She'd always been that way, but her friends had called it brave. Malfoy, a Slytherin, thought her decisions were reckless.

What was the difference? Bravery, recklessness. It all had the same outcome. Someone ended up hurt.

Hermione just always preferred that someone would be her.

She wished she understood fully why Malfoy didn't want to mate with her. Whether it had to do with her blood status or some secret desire to end his life for reasons she didn't know, she knew she did not want him to die. She didn't want it on her conscience, and she didn't want to watch it happen. She wanted him to live. She wanted to see him . . . She didn't know what sort of future he had, but she wanted him to have it. Every one of her peers. They'd all gotten stuck wearing the masks the older wizarding generations had worn. Masks of war and hate. Hermione didn't want anyone to wear those masks any longer. Atonement did not have to equal death.

But why did she care so much? They had such a volatile past. They'd had multiple heated interactions, but none had been of substance for her. It was clear that he was receiving all the benefits of their situation, and she was left in constant emotional turmoil. She thought perhaps her caring had less to do with them truly knowing each other, and more to do with solidarity in secrecy. They had created their own little world that nobody had access to. Despite Blaise and Luna now knowing what was going on, it would never be the same as what it felt like to exist in that little world knowing they had built it themselves.

Hermione was too compassionate, she knew. She cared too much about things that were of no consequence to her, and she always had. She inserted herself into situations that had nothing to do with her simply because she wanted to help and usually she knew how to help. But with Malfoy, she didn't know how to help. She only knew that she wanted to find a way. Even if he only saw her as a witch he had a physical attraction to, she'd rather be heartbroken with him alive, than heartbroken with him dead.

Hermione sighed. She wished she wasn't so stuck on this demon thing. It was borderline a waste of time, time that they could be using to focus on helping him cope with what they already knew, or to focus on how to deal with their Greyback situation. Hell, they could even spend the time figuring out who attacked her in the owlery. They could be launching a full scale investigation, complete with stake outs and questioning of the student body. He probably wasn't even dealing with anything demonic. In spite of his angry outburst where he'd nearly bitten her and had almost drained her entirely of blood, he was likely a Veela who was turned into a werewolf, and that was it. Everything could be explained away by that.

But perhaps if there were some sort of detection spell she could learn, something tucked away in a book somewhere . . .

She had the Invisibility Cloak still . . . It was only just after midday. Perhaps she could simply wander down to Hogsmeade, to the bookstore, and see what she could find. Even if Minerva found out she left, she'd probably overlook it. Not that Hermione wanted to take advantage of her relationship with the matronly Headmaster, but . . . She really needed to see what types of books Tomes and Scrolls had.

Luna had given her eight empty glass vials that she no longer needed, and Hermione had gone back to her dorm. Once there, she'd played with Pakatugg and then wrote to Mopsy to ask after Crookshanks. She thought about writing to Fleur, but once she sat down, she realized that it wasn't as easy to craft the letter as she'd originally thought it would be. She knew Fleur was part Veela, but Malfoy's fear about people knowing what he was had been nagging at her. What if even just telling Fleur he might be a Veela was too much? What if she told Bill and he, being a hotheaded Weasley, snapped and tried to use it against him?

Hermione felt terrible for thinking so low of Bill, but she had a feeling that the wizarding world would turn into a full-scale mob with pitchforks if they found out Malfoy had even the slightest form of weakness. Hermione wanted to protect him from that. Not only because she wanted to, but because she could. And she would take whatever power she had and use it, even if that meant she didn't trust Bill and Fleur.

But maybe if she just knew a little more. She just wanted to know more, and she didn't think she could wait for the rain to let up for a future Hogsmeade trip. She was going now. Today.

Hermione scrambled around the room gathering up clothes, knowing that the easy part would be actually walking to Hogsmeade. The hard part was going to be passing through the weekend-crowded common room and the possible students in the corridors to get to the courtyard. She put on a pair of tight black skinny trousers and a camisole, and then pulled the jumper she'd been wearing that morning back on. She left her curls out and wild and then slipped her feet into her boots. She pulled open her bottom dresser drawer, where the Cloak was stashed next to Malfoy's robes, and she peered down at Pakatugg.

"Don't give me that look, Paka," she said as she pulled out the Cloak. "You cannot come in this rain. You will drown."

Pakatugg blinked and chittered up at her, and when she pushed a tendril of her magic out to him, she felt a tiny wave of loneliness greet her. She felt a small amount of guilt. Pakatugg was okay most of the time, often sleeping next to her head on her pillow, but it seemed the rainy days were getting to even the familiars. Perhaps she could drop him off with Luna for the day?

The little squirrel was only too happy to climb up onto her shoulder. Hermione tossed the Cloak on the bed and left to go a few doors down to Luna's dorm. After the dreamy witch was ecstatic to spend time with Pakatugg and never even questioned why Hermione needed a sitter, Hermione went back to her room to grab her bag with her galleons and the Cloak. She shrunk the bag and put it into her pocket.

Hidden underneath the Cloak, Hermione walked carefully, being sure to stay on her toes. Hannah Abbott came skipping down the hall when Hermione was almost to the stairs, but it was easy enough to simply press herself against the wall out of her way. Hermione didn't dislike Hannah, but if there was ever a rule follower more rigid than herself, it was Hannah. She didn't need Minerva catching her before she even left. Besides, sneaking off had always given Hermione a bit of a thrill, clear back to First Year. It was better than moping in bed all day.

She made her way down the stairs quickly, scouting a path through the crowded room. Everyone seemed to be mingling or studying in random places on the floor, and as long as she tip-toed, Hermione was able to dance through until she reached the portrait. This was where she ran into a problem.

How was she supposed to open the portrait without the entire common room noticing it swinging open of its own accord? She was going to have to wait and hope someone left or returned so she could slip out. Apparently, she hadn't thought it through as well as she'd hoped.

Bollocks.

Hermione stood there for a moment, back to the wall next to the portrait, clutching the fabric tightly around her. She watched the Eighth Years wandering about, groups of friends chatting and laughing, and she felt odd. In spite of being hidden by the Invisibility Cloak, Hermione felt like even if she wasn't wearing it, she might blend into the background of everyone's days. She felt so far removed from what everyone else was doing and from Hogwarts as a whole this year that she almost didn't feel like she could fit in if she tried. She was glad they didn't hate her anymore, and that everyone had moved on past the situation with Lucius's trial, but she wondered if things would ever go back to the way they were before.

Which she was okay with them not going back, strangely. Even if it was stressful dealing with Malfoy and his situation, she was rather comfortable with things the way they were. For now, at least. It wasn't anything beyond what she could handle. Her friends were Harry, Ron, Luna, and Blaise. She was friendly with Dean and Seamus. Malfoy was . . . Well, she wasn't sure what Malfoy was to her, but she could definitely handle him. Even though she couldn't trust him, she could handle him.

But it was nice, not being the one everyone asked questions of. It was nice being able to do her homework without having to worry that someone might need to copy her notes simply because they weren't paying attention.

Glancing to her left at the armchairs in the corner, Hermione saw that they were occupied. Daphne was sitting in the chair on the right, a pair of unseeing, thoughtful eyes fixed on Harry, Ron, and Dean, who were playing a game of Exploding Snap on the floor. Pansy was in the chair to the left of her, her arms wrapped around her legs and a deep pout on her face as she complained to Daphne.

"It's not as if he doesn't know I'm waiting to hear from him. It's been weeks; why hasn't he written?"

Daphne sighed, playing with her golden blonde hair as she watched the cards on the floor between the three boys explode. They erupted into uproarious laughter; Daphne smiled absentmindedly. Hermione watched her with curiosity. She didn't think she'd ever seen Daphne look . . . Well, not bitchy. She seemed preoccupied.

It was difficult, seeing Daphne around school when Hermione knew what a piggish troll her father was. Did Daphne know he was a perverted freak? Hermione felt a sour taste in her mouth and she struggled against the onslaught of memories from the night of the Revel. She felt her hands quivering and she closed her eyes for a moment to count Snitches and try to calm down. She didn't need to think about the Revel right now. Gareth was not here, and if she could help it, the next time she saw him would be in battle. Daphne was not Gareth. She was safe.

"I'm not sure, Pansy," Daphne said to her raven-haired friend. "Perhaps he's at home at the Crabbe Manor. He's in hiding. It's not as if he can simply come back to Hogwarts. He's likely facing arrest."

"Oh, it was just some bloody Fiendfyre." Pansy scoffed. "It's not like anyone died."

Hermione frowned and tried to control her anger. It was people like Pansy who gave Slytherins a terrible name. She was so cold, so heartless, it seemed, in the way she spoke about the deadliest fire spell on record being used in a room full of children.

"You are barbaric, Pansy. D'you know that?" Daphne said, still watching the card game.

Pansy sneered and looked off to the side, her eyes seeing through the spot Hermione was standing in. Hermione held her breath for a moment, and then remembered she was invisible. Pansy was likely just throwing her gaze around the way some people did while talking.

"Better than being a smarmy, swotty whore like that Hermione Granger," she snarled out.

Hermione's heart skipped a beat at the mention of her name. She reminded herself again that she was invisible, and that Pansy likely said this stuff all the time.

"You really hate her, don't you?"

"And you don't?" Pansy scowled. "Watching her with Draco feels like taking a crucio to the head as part of my morning routine. She's not as intelligent as she makes herself out to be if she thinks he's keeping her around for anything other than a quick fuck."

"It's been three months since school started, and who knows what he got up to this Summer," Daphne said. "That's an awful long quick."

"Oh, hush, Daphne. You know what I mean." Pansy waved her hand. "What I mean is that she's not going to last. He won't keep her around forever. The moment we graduate and the real world hits us, he's going to open his eyes and realize that he cannot in good conscience destroy hundreds of years of purity for one filthy cup of muddy blood!"

"Pansy Parkinson," Daphne said in a tired voice, holding her hands up as if imagining a headline or billboard. "Right on schedule with my daily Draco Malfoy-Hermione Granger-related headache. Next on the docket: Pansy claims to have had enough, but hasn't actually, because she will complain about it to me for the rest of forever."

Pansy stared at her for a long time. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were defending her."

Hermione's eyes slid to Daphne, who was throwing her gaze heavenward. It did seem that way . . .

"Come off it, Pansy. I simply tire of hearing about the same things over and over, with no action. If you truly hate her that much, confront her and duel. If this is just about Malfoy, then I think it's time to let that ship sail. You're dating Crabbe now, technically, so Malfoy is in the past."

Pansy glared at her. "Daphne, I've been shagging Draco since Fourth Year, and this year, he suddenly decides Granger is shaggable? I'm with Crabbe by default, and you know it."

"Oh, Merlin, you are so dramatic." Daphne sighed and stared over at the boys again. "You told me you wanted to vent about your current boyfriend. But here we are, talking about Hermione Granger and your ex-boyfriend. Again."

"If she were here right now?" Pansy turned her face in Hermione's direction and smirked. "I'd tell her to watch out. Draco's not one to turn down a warm cunt, especially not one who knows how he likes to be ridden. If she were here, I'd tell her that I might just have to pay him a visit tonight, tomorrow, and perhaps every night until he's mine again."

How disgusting. Even Hermione knew that Malfoy wasn't like that. He'd risked his life for her in front of Greyback. Even though they were fighting and she was angry with him right now, Hermione knew that Pansy's rudimentary view of Malfoy was outdated and wrong. If Pansy showed up at his dorm, he probably wouldn't even open the door.

At least, Hermione thought, I think he wouldn't.

Hermione froze. She was invisible, she told herself again, so why did it feel like Pansy was looking right at her? She was reminded of when she and Malfoy went to the Ministry, of how Greyback had stopped by the door of Gareth's office and all but acknowledged her presence in the room. She recalled seeing that Pansy was registered with the Ministry as Other, just like Crabbe. And if Crabbe turned Malfoy, then maybe he also turned Pansy.

Maybe Pansy was looking over because she could smell Hermione.

"So how are things with you and your secret lover?" Pansy asked Daphne.

"Things aren't," Daphne said, picking at a loose thread on her uniform skirt. "He says he might be getting back together with his ex-girlfriend, the wanker. What is it with you people and your exes?"

"It's your own fault," Pansy said with a sniff, crossing her legs and leaning back in the armchair. "You were the one who insisted it be casual."

"Yeah, but could you imagine the looks on everyone's faces if we were to step out together? Walking in the Great Hall, holding hands? I insisted it be casual because that's all it could ever be. As much as I fancy him, it may just not be meant to be."

"Hm, well, you're certainly less territorial than I am." Pansy rested her chin in her hand and gave Daphne a wicked grin. "I may just decide to go to his room this evening and take back what belongs to me. There's this thing he likes me to do with my tongue; he loses his mind every time I do it. There's no way Granger knows what it is."

Suddenly, the portrait swung open. Malfoy walked in with a book open in his hand, his robes worn open over his school uniform. It was so strange to see him not wearing a suit that Hermione couldn't help but stare. He was the picture image of the way he looked during Sixth Year, hair combed aside and everything, and it almost felt nostalgic. He lingered for a moment, hand on the portrait frame.

As Hermione slunk her way past him, catching a distinct whiff of his spiced cologne, she saw him looking down at her in the air beneath the Cloak. He couldn't see her, but by the way he cocked an eyebrow, she knew he knew she was there. For a moment, she thought he might rip the Cloak off of her and ask her what she was doing, or follow her and try to stop her, and she steeled herself for a struggle.

"Oh, Draco!" she heard Pansy saying before Malfoy let go of the frame. "Come have a sit. "

The last thing Hermione saw before she was out in the hallway was Malfoy heading in Pansy and Daphne's direction. A rush of anger filled her again. Maybe she was holding Malfoy in too high of a regard. He had played the role of Death Eater and Master a little too well, and no matter how close they got, she still felt like there was something she couldn't trust about him. Maybe Pansy's viewpoint wasn't outdated. Maybe Malfoy really was using her, and maybe if Pansy showed up at his dorm, he would open the door.

She remembered their knock-down, blow-up fight the night of the Revel. She'd told him then she thought he was using her, and here she was again, thinking the same thing. Was it a red flag that she was just ignoring, come back to haunt her? Or was she just being insecure?

Halting in the empty lantern-lit corridor, she glared at the portrait of Dumbledore, which covered the entrance to the Eighth Year common room. The late Headmaster blinked down at her as though he could see her through the Hallow.

"I believe it was, 'oh, to be young and feel love's keen sting,'" Hermione said sadly, because portrait or not, he was still Dumbledore and he probably knew she was there. "Or something like that."

Dumbledore's portrait smiled, and Hermione sighed. She wished she could go to him for help. He'd know exactly what to do about the Greyback situation. He'd be able to help them with Malfoy's condition. He'd be able to fix everything. But he was gone, and Hermione was carrying everything on her shoulders.

She didn't know how much longer she could cope.

Hermione made her way down the hall and out to the courtyard, not removing the Cloak the entire way. The rain pounded down incessantly around her, the water so thick and sky so dark of a grey that she wondered what it would look like to see a random clear spot moving its way down the hill. It was cold outside, so she halted momentarily to pull out her wand and cast a quick warming charm on her body. Hopeful that Malfoy hadn't seen fit to follow her scent out of the castle, she glanced over her shoulder. No one was on the hill between here and the courtyard, so she resumed her trek to Hogsmeade.

Daphne's conversation with Pansy was interesting, but not totally eye-opening. Pansy was a bitch, to put it plainly, and she always had been. It was only a matter of time before she started talking openly about Malfoy. Everyone in the school knew she had been shagging Malfoy for years, but then again, Pansy had been shagging the entire House of Slytherin, too. It wasn't Malfoy that she wanted, of that Hermione was sure. It was the chase. The game of it.

Hermione gritted her teeth. She may have been angry with Malfoy, but there was no way in Hell she was throwing away everything between them to allow Pansy to have a go at him. Pansy would never understand Malfoy, and she would never be able to provide what he needed emotionally and mentally.

As if Hermione even knew what he needed. As if she knew what she needed. What she knew for certain was that they'd experienced trauma together that no one, especially not Pansy, would ever understand.

Angry with him or not, he was Hermione's. He was hers, and she'd hex the hair off of Pansy if she so much as knocked on his dorm room door.

Hermione's face felt like it was on fire, as though her thoughts were audible, and everyone had heard them. She stared at the wet ground as she walked. The thought of Malfoy belonging to her was absurd, and after all the arguments they'd been having lately and her inability to not be angry with him, it was laughable.

I wouldn't be surprised if he did have a romp with Pansy, Hermione thought bitterly as she walked into town. I asked him for space when we aren't even in a relationship. In the Muggle world, they call that crazy. Maybe he'd be better off, and I can just siphon out some blood for him to last him until he finds a new source, and send him on his way.

But Hermione knew that wasn't possible. Not if he was a Veela on top of everything else. He'd likely be unable to disentangle himself from her. Her becoming his mate, she feared, was no longer a matter of if, but when. She already knew she felt something for him that was irreversible. She was just sick of being used. Even now, she knew that her request for space only extended so far. He still needed to be fed. And she would rather it be her blood than some other girl's, at least right now.

She felt lost.

Hermione ducked into an alley and took the cloak off. She used her wand to shrink it down, balled it up, and then tucked it into the pocket of her trousers. The bookstore wasn't far from here, so she cast a quick water repellant charm and then made her way down the empty cobblestone street in the direction of it.

It felt like she hadn't been to Hogsmeade in ages, what with her not having gone yet this school year. Everything looked exactly the same as it always had, but it lacked the . . . Well, the magic it had once had. She remembered the first time she'd come, her first Butterbeer, her first sip of tea at Madam Puddifoot's. She even remembered her first visit to Honeydukes. She'd brought home so much candy, thinking it would be perfect to have a stash for her future monthly cycles, and ended up eating every ounce of it before the end of the week. Hermione smiled to herself at the memory.

She stood outside of Gladrags Wizardwear for a moment, gazing at the dress robes in the window fondly. She remembered her periwinkle blue dress from the Yule Ball, and how excited she'd been to try dresses on at fourteen. Then, she frowned.

She'd done that alone, even though all of her female classmates were there trying on dresses together. She hadn't been invited, but had happened to show up on her own. She'd tried her first sugar quill alone, and when she got her hair trimmed at the hairdressing salon, she had only her own reflection to show.

She'd done so many things alone, and here she was again. Going to the bookstore. Alone.

Maybe that was why she was so invested in her something with Malfoy. Because with him, she didn't feel alone. She loved Harry and Ron, but there were so many things about her friendship with them that she felt she was missing. But with Malfoy, she really felt like she could be 1,000% herself and even if she screamed at the top of her lungs at him, he wasn't going to judge her for it. He was going to fight it out until it was resolved. She felt like she could get deep with him in a way she'd never been able to with Harry or Ron or Luna or . . . Anyone.

She just wished she could trust him.

A small bell chimed above the door as Hermione entered Tomes and Scrolls. The store had been established in the 1700's, and it definitely felt like it had never left the era. The strong scent of parchment filled her nostrils and her turmoil regarding Pansy and Malfoy and her childhood simply melted away. She felt like the moment the door closed behind her, she was in the safest place in the world.

"Good afternoon, lovely. It's a horrid rainy day, but it's nice and dry in here."

Hermione glanced to her right, where behind an aged wooden counter stood an elderly woman with a gentle smile. She had impossibly long hair braided over her shoulder and wore pink dress robes.

"Hello," Hermione said brightly. She thought for a second she might ask directly if she had any books on demonology, but then she stopped herself. Demonology was forbidden content at Hogwarts for a reason. It was neither dark nor light magic. It was much worse.

"Can I help you find anything, dearie?" the woman asked, her crackled voice sounding as old as the store. Her eyes were squinting over at Hermione as though she were hard to see.

"No, thank you," Hermione said after a pause. She didn't want to alarm the woman. She'd just look for any books on the occult and if she managed to find one, she'd buy it quickly and leave.

"Take your time, then, sweetness." The woman smiled again and went back to the Daily Prophet's crossword puzzle that was lying on the counter. She was writing with a massive peacock feather quill, and Hermione had to hide a smile at that.

Hermione wandered the moderate-sized store, eyes scanning the little labels that marked the sections. They were handwritten on small bits of parchment, likely charmed in the past to last forever. She smiled, wondering briefly what things were like back then, in the 1700's and 1800's.

She hit a much-needed stroke of luck in the "Mystical Creatures" section. There were exactly three versions of the same book on the lowest shelf, with one empty spot beside them, and when Hermione pulled one out, it was clear that they were not sought-after books. It was printed on parchment paper and bound in the style that she'd seen many books from the early 1800's in. When she opened it, a small cloud of dust rose to greet her, forcing her to cough a bit as she crouched on the hardwood floor.

The book, simply titled Demonology and Rituals, was not very large, but after flipping through a couple of the pages, she saw that it was exactly what they needed to take the next step in their quest for knowledge. The information was more informative in terms of historical importance rather than a step-by-step, but Hermione knew how helpful it could be to know the origin of something before fully delving into the study of it. She skimmed a page that talked of a town that supposedly worshiped a demon with a ritual of Spring flowers, and even though it didn't tell what exactly that ritual entailed or why, it did have a rather detailed picture of the demon. It looked like a flower faerie, to be frank, but Hermione knew it was probably just an artist's rendition from the Victorian era.

This is the only thing we have to go with right now, Hermione thought, heading towards the front. I'll study it back to front, and when we go to my cottage before Denmark, we'll go to Muggle London and see what other books we can find.

She nearly halted. If they went to Denmark. She had no idea what was going on between them right now, and she didn't know if the plans for the holiday were still going ahead. She'd have to revisit that one.

"I'm ready," Hermione said politely, gingerly setting the book on the counter. She held her breath as the elderly store worker glanced at the title. She felt like she was going to have the Aurors notified on her for buying the damn book.

"Interesting choice," the elderly woman said as she prepared the wrapping paper, sounding intrigued. "I haven't seen anyone studying this topic in years. That will be 1 galleon and 3 knuts, dear."

"I'm sure you don't get many customers interested in it," Hermione said with a breathy laugh as she reached into her pocket for the money. She set the coins onto the counter and watched the clerk prepare the purchase.

"Hmm . . . What was that young man's name? It was . . ." She slowly folded the paper around Hermione's parcel. Then, she gasped a bit and smiled. "Oh, yes. Tom Ribble. He was such a handsome gentleman. I do hope time has found him well."

Hermione stared at her in shock. "Do you mean . . . Tom Riddle?"

"Yes, that was his name!" The elderly woman handed her the wrapped parcel. "He was a student up the hill at Hogwarts. A charming fellow. He said he was interested in the subject for an assignment, and he bought one of the other copies of this very book. What about it interests you?"

"I just have a . . . Personal interest in it," Hermione whispered, clutching the book close as her mind spun. "Anyway, thank you."

"You're most welcome, lovely. Have a glorious rainy day."

Hermione smiled weakly at her and then walked out into the rain. She stood there for a moment, withdrawing her wand to cast her water repellant charm, and then she hugged the book against her chest. It felt eerie and sobering to be holding a book that Voldemort himself had also chosen.

If Tom Riddle had been interested in demonology, then who was to say he hadn't succeeded in summoning a demon?

If he had, then what did he do with it?

Hermione practically ran back to the edge of town, throwing surreptitious glances around her to ensure she was alone before pulling the Cloak back out. She enlarged it and threw it over her body, walking as fast as she could back up the hill. She wanted to start reading immediately.

A young Voldemort studying demons changed so much. It raised so many questions. If he had summoned it, did he use it for something? Did he need to ask it a question, or did he need it to do something for him? Did he use it to do some sort of dark bidding for him? Did he manage to summon it as a teenager, or later as Voldemort? Or was it just personal interest for him, too? She didn't know what age Voldemort was when he bought the book, but she knew that it seemed awfully coincidental that Tom Riddle went to Tomes and Scrolls and bought the same book as she did. And from how desperate he'd been to live as long as possible, it was safe to hypothesize that he wanted a demon's help with something.

A series of thoughts popped into her mind. The Other classification at the Ministry. Crabbe, Pansy, and Malfoy. Greyback's increased size as a werewolf and his strange choices. The missing and dead magical creatures. The corruption of the Ministry.

What if demons were involved in all of it?

Hermione needed to get back to her room and make a list. She needed to know some very important things: where demons came from, how one summoned them, who had managed to successfully summon one, and what, if any, warnings there were. She knew she wouldn't be able to find all of the answers in this particular book, but she knew that it was the best start she had.

When she got up to the courtyard, she felt her heartbeat stutter in her chest.

"Why am I not surprised?" she muttered under her breath.

Malfoy was standing in the entrance to the castle, arms crossed over his chest as he waited for her. Because she knew that was why he was there. He'd scented her in the common room, and she should have known that if he didn't follow her to Hogsmeade, he would definitely be there when she got back.

"Take off the Cloak," he said as she tried to walk past him. "Take it off, and tell me what you were doing."

Hermione ripped it off of her, her hair fluffing up a bit as the fabric slid across her head. She fixed him with a tight-lipped frown and glowered up at him. She was angry with him all over again, and she wished he understood that when a girl asked for space, it didn't mean accost her in the entryway of the school.

"I went to -"

"Hogsmeade, yes." His arms remained crossed and his eyes were bright as he glared right back at her. "Why?"

"Why's it your business?" She hugged the book tighter. She knew she'd eventually share it with him, but she was still frustrated and was being intentionally petty.

"Everything to do with you is my business, Granger." He leaned forward a bit, and Hermione forced herself not to take a step back. "It's not safe for you to just leave the castle like that."

"To go to Hogsmeade?" She scoffed. "It's perfectly safe. It's just as safe as Hogwarts."

"No it's not. The school grounds' wards don't extend that far, and you know it. And it's a wizarding town, open to everything. What if Enicto had been there? Demetri? Any of the wolves in the pack?"

The sounds of their names were harsh against her ears and she flinched. She didn't want to be reminded of them. She didn't want to think about the fact that they were out there and as far as they knew, she was Malfoy's Mudblood slave. If she encountered them, she was as good as prey.

"I'm not safe anywhere," she said in a bitter voice. "I was attacked multiple times in the castle, and now you're telling me I'm not even safe in Hogsmeade. What about Muggle towns and cities? Are they going to track me there? If I portkey to Hawaii, will Demetri brave the sun and find me in Waikiki?"

"Don't be cheeky," he scolded, his eyes scanning her face. "But you asked for your bloody space, so I'll give it to you. When it comes to where you go, just do as I say. Next time you fancy a trip to town, I'll go with you."

As he turned to go, Hermione's irritation boiled over and she clutched her parcel so tightly that her knuckles went white from the force of it.

"Have a nice chat with Pansy?" she called out when he was about six feet away.

He stopped and turned to look at her over his shoulder. He narrowed his eyes. Hermione stood there, staring at him, hoping he understood how much she didn't trust him. That she trusted him so little that she thought he'd actually be intimate with Pansy again. She called out again.

"What's the thing you like with the tongue?"

"What?" His eyes flashed, dangerous and offended.

"Pansy says there's something she does that makes you lose your mind," Hermione said with a shrug. "I assume you know what that is."

He started back toward her. "And am I meant to also assume that you're thinking that because we're having a row, I'm going to fuck Pansy to, what? Get my fill because I'm an animal who can't function when my witch is put out by me?"

"We're not having a row." Hermione was fuming. He was obviously finding some sort of humor in this. He had to know it wasn't as simple as them having a row.

"Yes, we are having a row," he said as he stood in front of her, close enough to force her head to tilt back. "And what is it that you're actually angry about? The fact that Pansy thinks she can shag me whenever she likes, or the fact that she knows what I like and you don't?"

Hermione's fingers began to tingle. She wanted to slap him, but she refrained. "I'm angry because I don't trust you. If you shagged Pansy again, I wouldn't be as surprised as you think I would be. And the only reason why I don't know what you like is because we haven't gotten anywhere near that point."

"So we're a we, are we?"

"Wipe that look off your face before I pull out my wand and jinx it off," Hermione bit out through clenched teeth. "We're not an anything."

Malfoy rolled his eyes. "Trust me, Granger. You'll figure out what you'd like me to do with my tongue long before you discover what I want you to do with yours."

Hermione had nothing more to say. She wasn't interested in joking and bantering with him. She'd asked for space, and she'd meant it. She shoved past him, tilting her nose up and preparing to stomp all the way back to the common room.

Suddenly, his arm shot out and she felt his hand curling around the side of her throat, his fingers pressing behind her ear. He spun to face her as he dragged her against him, and then his lips were upon hers. He kissed her fiercely, and even though she tried to fight it, there was no way in Hell she could win.

Hermione melted against him and parted her lips. Draco's tongue delved deep into her mouth and his other hand came up to hook around the left side of her jaw, anchoring her against his mouth on both sides so she could understand exactly who was in control. She felt the hardness of the demonology book between them, and she almost wanted to drop it and throw her arms around his neck.

The rain was loud outside the castle entrance, calming in the incessant way it spattered against the ground, and Hermione thought that kissing him beside the rain was probably just as good as kissing him in it, and right now, she couldn't remember why she was angry with him.

Draco tilted his head to the left and then the right as he explored her mouth, their tongues stroking against one another's with an almost sensual caress. He completely dominated the kiss, snogging her in a way that told her that even when she was angry with him, he was in complete control of their something. They were a "we" because he said they were.

Hermione's stomach twisted and danced, and she pushed against the ground with her feet, trying to get as close to him as possible. He growled in his chest, his teeth nibbling at her lower lip, and then he pulled his head back. He kept a firm hold on her jaw with both hands, his eyes drilling directly into the heart of her.

"We're a we, Granger."

Hermione pulled her face out of his grasp and turned her face away. "I wish I could believe that."

He frowned and when she looked up at him again, he appeared angry. "What exactly have I done that makes you not able to believe it? Was it the fact that I almost got myself killed by Greyback for you? Or was it the fact that I dueled one of my best friends, destroyed my friendship with him, and it got me turned into a fucking werewolf for you? Wait. I know what it is." He breathed a derisive laugh. "It must be the fact that I keep begging you to let me wither so you don't have to cut your bloody body open to feed me. But no. It's more convenient for you to claim I don't care about you because it fits your little Gryffindor martyrdom narrative."

"Gryffindor martyrdom?" Hermione felt like her head was going to explode. "Everything I've done, with you and for you - everything they did to me - and you reduce it to Gryffindor martyrdom?"

Malfoy sneered down at her and when he spoke next, it sounded like the Malfoy of their childhood. Not the one she'd grown to care for more than she could bear.

"You're the one who does whatever the fuck I tell you to, Granger. I didn't ask for you to throw yourself before the wand for me, and I certainly didn't ask you to stay for the fucking dinner party with Greyback. You did that all on your own."

At this, she did slap him. She slapped him because he didn't get it. He didn't understand what it meant for her to be doing what she was doing for him. The blood, the Revel, risking her friendships. She slapped him because he either didn't understand that she felt used, or because he was intentionally using her and he just didn't care. She slapped him because she was a bloody fool. She held the book in one arm and slapped him hard, and then she screamed at him.

"If it means that little to you, Draco, then fuck you! No, fuck you! If me giving you my body means nothing to you, then you can starve!"

She turned tail and ran all the way back to the common room, ignoring Harry's cheerful greeting by the fireplace, and stormed up the stairs before anyone could see her crying.

She had nightmares about the Revel that night, full of Demetri's fangs, the feeling of him tearing her knickers down her thighs, and the sound of Orchid's screams.

She woke at 1:00am, grabbed the scissors, hacked at her hair in the dark.



 

Invisible


Helena Beat by Foster the People, Origins by Tennis, Sunlight Through a Straw by Anavae, Run Up by Don Toliver, Spell it Out by You Me At Six, and What's Wrong by PVRIS

Hermione POV

What was I thinking?

When Hermione woke the day after her most recent argument with Malfoy, she stared at the ceiling for what felt like hours. Her head felt lighter, much lighter. But her heart felt heavier. It was weighted down heavily in the prison cell that was her ribcage, a different emotion wrapped tightly around each rib. Shame because she'd allowed herself to get so overwhelmed and act on her emotions in the middle of the bloody night. Remorse for her loss of her gorgeous curls, which had taken her years to grow. Fear at what everyone would say, especially Malfoy, because she was still a girl and she cared about her appearance when it came to him.

And despair, because even though she'd cut her hair, she could still feel everything. Demetri's fangs sinking into her neck. Gareth's eyes scouring her nude body. Malfoy's hand wrapped around the back of her neck. Greyback's jaws snapping loudly next to her ear. The flat of Malfoy's palm against her backside.

What was the point of cutting it off if she still felt used?

I am such a mug. I'm such a fucking mug. Who cuts their hair at 1:00 in the morning in the Merlin-damned dark?

She supposed she would have to get up eventually and have a look at it. It wasn't as if it were going to magically grow back, even if she was a witch. If she was ugly lying down now, she'd be just as ugly standing up.

She pouted. What did it matter? To people like them, she was filthy no matter what length her hair was. Even if her hair did look like a wreck, she was sure at a Revel, they'd still find a way to hurt her.

Hermione wasn't daft, either. She had cut her hair in the middle of a panic attack, but she'd known better than to cut it too short. She'd definitely hacked at the curls like they were weeds in a garden, or poisoned flowers that had died and needed to be removed, but she'd made sure not to go too high above the shoulders.

That meant it either looked like a pyramid hat or a styrofoam ball, there would be no in-between. Of that, she was certain.

Literally, I fight with Draco all the time. Why did this time give me such bad nightmares?

She hadn't realized how deeply the events of the Revel were affecting her, nor how much her arguments with Draco were tormenting her. She couldn't seem to stop lashing out at him, no matter what she tried to do to overcome her anger. The fact that he already had a short temper didn't help things. She wasn't sure how they were going to be able to resolve things and make it past their previous arguments if she couldn't figure out how to manage her anger. She needed to really sit and think and ask herself why she was struggling so badly.

Hermione touched her lips.

He'd kissed her, and it was just as amazing as the first kiss. But it hadn't helped anything for her. It had only made her feel more confused. She wanted to believe in his kiss, and she really wanted to believe in the possessiveness in his touch, but it was difficult when his lips had curled around the word "Mudblood" and his hands had struck her and whipped her.

Even though the wounds were healed, she still felt them stinging just as fresh as they had that night.

I don't even want to get up and look.

Hermione's nightmare had started with the Revel, but had quickly devolved into a Hellish dreamscape of fire and terror, where all she heard was the cracking of Malfoy's whip and the growling of his wolf. She felt the tearing of her flesh as acutely as she'd felt it on the Drawing Room chaise, and she woke with sobs in her throat. She'd felt sweat on her back, and her head felt heavy.

She'd dreamed that they were all tearing at her hair next. After falling back asleep, she found herself lying in a pit of flames, looking up into the glaring eyes of Enicto, Demetri, and Gareth. They all fisted clumps of her hair and pulled in opposite directions, ignoring her screams of agony as her scalp tore away from her skull. Then, when her vision was blurred by tears and blood, Greyback and Malfoy stalked towards her, melting out of the darkness in their wolf forms, one white and one grey. They'd licked their chops, showed her their fangs, and set upon her to consume the flesh on her face.

She'd screamed and tossed and turned and when she woke for the second time, she could swear her scalp was tender.

It was all she could do not to run to the dresser, and she'd cut her hair so no one would be able to use it against her again. Relief had flooded her with every snip, each falling curl feeling like she was shedding ten pounds at a time. But the lighter her head got, the heavier her heart became with dread and guilt. She regretted it, not because of her looks, but because it was hers. She'd had one thing that was hers, that the Revel and Greyback hadn't taken from her, and she'd just destroyed it.

Now, she didn't know whether to feel regret for making the decision so rashly, or triumph because she'd done something for herself for once in her life.

Hermione sighed and sat up. It was Monday and class was starting soon. She couldn't lie in bed all day, even though she really wanted to. She had coursework due in all of her classes before winter holiday, and she only had until Friday to get them done. So even though she really wanted to pull the blankets over her head and hide for the rest of forever, she hauled herself out of bed.

She grimaced. Her soft brown curls were strewn about in a pile on the floor, some atop the dresser. She picked her wand up from the bedside table and cleaned the disastrous mess, keeping her eyes lowered so she didn't catch a glimpse of herself before she was mentally prepared.

It's now or never, Hermione, she thought, clenching her fists at her sides. You've got the same face whether you're bald or have hair to the floor, so you might as well look at it.

She lifted her honey-brown eyes. As she gazed at herself in the mirror, at the mixed lengths of curls, she went pale. It looked ridiculous, with random curls hanging to her chest, chunky blocks of thick hair curling around the top of her spine, and the left side shorter than the right. It was just a mess.

It was neither a pyramid nor a sphere.

"Ugh, my hair looks like an elongated, vertical bezoar!" she screamed at her reflection. "What was I thinking?"

But the longer she looked at it, the less awful it looked. It definitely needed to be fixed, but for the first time in months, she didn't hate what she was looking at. She was able to look into the mirror and just see herself, Hermione Granger, with something as normal as a bad haircut.

She'd never felt more beautiful.

Hermione smiled at herself and played with some mock hairstyles in the mirror. It had no shape, but the majority of the curls brushed past her collarbones. She was able to wear ponytails and updos quite easily, even though some strands fell down, and she figured it would be fine until the weekend when she could go to Hogsmeade to have it shaped.

In any case, she felt great.

The rain continued through the morning, and the feeling of dreariness that Hermione felt in her heart regarding Malfoy seemed to reflect itself all throughout the castle. The halls were quiet and everyone moved a lot slower than normal. No one noticed her hair because she'd put it up into a bun with a few tendrils framing her face, and her first class passed rather uneventfully.

For the first time in weeks, Hermione was actually able to pay attention in Charms. She typically feigned interest while thinking about Malfoy and the fact that he was a supernatural creature, but today, she felt like her mind was clear. He was still in there, of course, but he wasn't dominating her brain any longer. She was able to put him in his compartment where he belonged, and put her entire focus on Professor Flitwick's lecture on the origins of Celtic water charms. She felt like herself again. It was like her curls twisted their way around all of her struggles and when she snipped them off, they no longer had any power over her.

Luna met her by the door for Transfiguration, and Hermione marched up to her with determination. She hadn't felt this light in so long and she had to tell someone.

"You should really think about cutting your hair, Luna," she said, eyes wide and smile bright. "It does wonders for your mind."

"So do fiddlewumps," Luna said dreamily, and then her eyes raised to take in Hermione's chignon. "Did you cut your hair, or something?"

"I did," Hermione said, beaming at her. "It looks absolutely horrid, but it feels amazing."

Luna giggled and together the two of them went to sit by Ron. He didn't notice Hermione's hair, of course, but she hadn't expected him to notice anything about her since the fiasco that was the Yule Ball. She didn't say anything, either. Telling Luna felt great, but aside from that, her newfound freedom felt like it belonged to her. She wanted to hang on to it for awhile and when she got it styled, then she would let everyone else see how free she felt.

In Transfiguration, they learned how to transfigure plants into possessing eyes, and Hermione had so much fun that she didn't think about her arguments with Malfoy once. Luna gave her venus flytrap fluttering lashes, Ron gave his fern giant googly eyeballs, and in front of them, Dean was losing himself in fits of laughter over the cyclops eye he'd given his succulent. Hermione found herself laughing along with them, even though she preferred to give her plant a normal set of eyeballs.

There was just one thing that put a damper on her good mood.

"Interesting choice of eye color, Miss Granger," said the Professor as he toddled by. "I don't think I've seen a student choose silver before."

Hermione felt her high spirits deflating as she stared at the rather uncanny set of silver eyes blinking up at her from her plant. She pouted at them. They were an interesting choice indeed.

Luna rested her chin in her hand and gave Hermione a knowing smile.

"It's all right, Hermione. I chose blue for mine."

Hermione looked and saw that the long, fluttering lashes Luna had conjured framed a set of familiar cerulean irises. She glanced at Ron, who was laughing uproariously while chatting with Dean. His eyes were blue, as they always had been.

Maybe Malfoy wasn't as safely locked away in his compartment as she thought.

Luna, Ron, Dean, and Hermione walked to lunch together after class, the girls trailing behind the boisterous boys. Hermione felt lost in her thoughts again, and she continuously sighed to help cope with the immense sadness that was starting to settle over her again. Just how much power did Malfoy have over her?

"That is the ninth time you've sighed in the last two minutes, Hermione," Luna said softly, linking her arm through Hermione's. Hermione couldn't help but notice that her jumper was made entirely of velvet. Which normally wouldn't be out of the ordinary, except that it was lime green.

"I'm just . . . Sigh-y today," Hermione mumbled as they meandered down the corridor.

"You were more smile-y at the start of class," Luna pointed out, leaning into Hermione for a second. "You know, it's all right to fancy him. There's no shame in it."

Hermione didn't say anything. Because that was the problem. She was ashamed of her feelings. She supposed it was a mixture of things that bothered her about fancying Malfoy. Aside from their past, which really was the past now, they had so many current experiences that made her wonder if she'd gone barmy, or if she was so insecure that he could do or say anything and she would still be affected by it. And Hermione Granger was not an insecure person. She never had been, until him.

"After what happened . . ." She looked at Luna pointedly. She hoped she remembered their heart-to-heart in the Library yesterday well enough to glean what she was referencing so she wouldn't have to say it out loud. "It feels like I'm doing something wrong. It feels like I shouldn't fancy him. Even though what happened wasn't his fault."

"Do you think your relationship is forever changed?"

Hermione blushed. "I wouldn't say we're in a relationship. But whatever it is that we have between us, it does feel wrong after . . . After what happened at the Manor. It feels toxic."

They stepped onto a moving staircase, a beat behind Dean and Ron. Luna looked at Hermione thoughtfully, still hugging her arm tightly.

"Can I ask you why you cut your hair, Hermione?" she asked, her eyes scanning the top of Hermione's head again. "The real reason."

Hermione bit her lip. "I've been struggling lately, with the memories and with him. I don't trust him at all, and I don't know why. It just feels like everything he says is a lie, and like he's using me. Like he's been using me from the beginning. We've argued about it before, but I can't shake it. We argued yesterday, too, and it gave me nightmares."

"The argument?"

"Well, yes and no. But mostly, I dreamed of the . . ." She lowered her voice as their staircase docked and they joined the mass amounts of students heading towards the Great Hall. "The Revel. And I dreamed he was hurting me."

"And then you woke up and cut your hair," Luna whispered back, her brow furrowing with sympathy.

"I just . . . He was dragging me. They all were. And when we were there, when it happened, he dragged me, too. Out of everything that happened that night, that was the first thing he did that was completely out of his control. And it's stuck with me." Hermione curled her fingers in the fabric of Luna's jumper sleeve. "So I cut my hair. And like I said, it looks awful, but I can get it fixed at Hogsmeade. Anyway, I don't care how it looks right now. It makes me feel good."

Luna was silent for a moment and then she stopped walking. Hermione was forced to stop, too, stumbling a bit and looking at her best friend in question. Students parted around them, looking at them with irritation, but continuing without conflict.

"Let's take lunch to your dorm today," the blonde said with a twinkle in her eyes. "I'll help you with your hair, and we can have a chat. What do you say?"

"Hm . . . Well, that sounds lovely," Hermione said, feeling relieved. She wasn't exactly looking forward to encountering Malfoy in the Great Hall, anyway. He never ate and usually just drank liquids. Somehow, Hermione knew she wasn't going to be able to handle seeing him there and in Potions, too.

The two girls talked amongst themselves about the incessant, oppressive Scotland rain as they wandered into the Great Hall and to the Eighth Year table. Hermione had no issues with the rain, but to her surprise, Luna actually couldn't stand it.

"For my kind, it's strange," Luna said quietly as they loaded some plates with food to tote to the common room. "It's sort-of like when you have the flu and sleep for hours. You go to sleep in the dark and wake up in the dark, and it confuses you."

"Rain affects a vampire's Circadian Rhythm?" Hermione asked, her brows raised in intrigue.

"Not rain, but this particular kind of weather. The sky is very dark all day and it can be easy to stay up all day and all night, and I'm already less myself when I'm at Hogwarts because of this." She lifted her wrist to show the bracelet she always wore. "At home with my father, I sleep during the day and stay up at night, but at Hogwarts, I switch. The rain makes my body think we're switching again."

"That's fascinating," Hermione said, awed. She didn't know much about vampires, and Malfoy wasn't any sort of source material to study since he wasn't one.

They turned to leave the Great Hall with their plates, and stopped in their tracks when they came face-to-face with a crowd of Third Year students. They were walking rather slowly because one witch had brought her familiar to the Great Hall with her. It was a huge calico cat with green eyes, and it was slipping out of the slight girl's arms.

Hermione frowned. She could already see this going terribly.

"Oh, dear," Luna said.

As if on cue, the cat slid out of the girl's grasp and landed on the stone ground with a plop and a meow, and then it took off. The witch began to scream and panic because at thirteen, the worst thing that can happen to you is your cat running helter-skelter through the castle, and a ruckus began to break out amongst the group she'd entered with, the students still filtering in for lunch, and random older students who found the situation humorous.

"My kitty!" the witch wailed, tears rolling fat and wet down her cheeks. She wore too much make-up, but she was thirteen, so it made sense. "Someone get my kitty!"

Hermione, thinking of Crookshanks and empathizing, acted immediately. She set her plate down and dashed off after the cat, watching as the plump furball wove its way through countless pairs of legs. She followed as best she could as it inevitably made it to the doors to escape.

"Oi!" came a shout as Hermione smacked directly into someone's chest. "You're blind as a bat, aren't you, Hermione?"

"Blaise," Hermione breathed, her hands on his upper arms. "That cat - it's hers - someone has to get it!"

Just then, she noticed that Malfoy was standing slightly behind Blaise, and his eyes were trained directly on her fingers where they were on Blaise's sleeves. On reflex, she jumped back from Blaise. She looked past him, trying to spot the familiar, and forcing herself not to think about the argument from the day before.

"Everyone just sort yourselves out!" Malfoy snarled loudly, causing a bit of a lull in the excited conversations of the people crowding the door. "I'll get it."

He turned and went out the doors, following the direction that the cat had run, toward the courtyard exit. Everyone moved out of his way and Hermione ran past Blaise, through the students to get to the door. Behind her, the Third Year witch was still wailing like her favorite relative had just passed, and Hermione jogged a bit down the empty corridor. No one else followed her.

Hermione put her hands on her hips, standing with her feet shoulder-width apart and shoulders back. She felt like she was a Prefect or Head Girl again, like this was some mission that she was going to have to give the witch detention for. She couldn't see where Malfoy had gone so fast, as the hallway was empty and so was the parts of the courtyard that she could see.

Suddenly, Malfoy walked into view from the left side of the courtyard and walked back into the school at a very-human pace. He was cradling the chubby calico in his arms, one of his hands scratching the cat behind the ear as he walked. He wore his school uniform without his robes on: a sweater vest over a white button-up and a green-and-black tie. Once again, a feeling of Sixth Year nostalgia overcame her. His hair fell forward into his eyes as he looked down at it, and Hermione could see his lips moving.

Was he . . . Talking to it?

". . . Can't do that to your mum," she heard him cooing in a gentle, soft tone as he drew near. "She'll cry her eyes out in front of everyone and every Third Year wizard will cream their pants trying to give her their bloody kerchiefs."

Out of all the things that Malfoy could do that Hermione thought she would witness, talking to an animal like a parent to a child was not one of them.

He stopped in front of her, close enough for her to smell his cologne. "Why are you standing like that?"

"Standing like what?"

"Like a . . . Warrior, or something." His brows twitched. "Stop. It's bizarre."

His eyes traversed the length of her body, and it felt like he was burning her clothes with his gaze. The back of her neck prickled with nerves and she let her hands fall from her hips, relaxing her stance and averting her eyes in embarrassment.

"Thank you," she said, feeling uncomfortable and awkward. The last words she'd spoken to him had sounded pretty final, and it was weird to stand in front of him while he cuddled a cat. She reached for the cat, to take it from him, but he turned his torso away from her.

"Hey, hey," he said. "No. I'm keeping him."

Hermione frowned, confused. "You can't just keep a witch's familiar, Malfoy!"

"For the next few moments, I certainly can. I'll bring her back when I'm good and ready."

Hermione's jaw dropped and she watched him petting, scratching, and cooing at the cat for a good thirty seconds. It was so out of character for him that even her thoughts were speechless. The cat was purring loudly, nuzzling against Malfoy's jaw, who was smirking at Hermione.

"I know we're having a row, but pet him."

They couldn't be havinganything, especially a rowif they weren't actually together. "We're not in a -"

"Yes, we are. Pet him."

"No! And no, we're -"

"Pet the baby." He stepped closer, and she felt the warmth of the cat's body against her chest. She blinked rapidly again, having never thought Malfoy even knew the word 'baby.'

"Malfoy," she said with an incredulous laugh. "I don't want to -"

"So help me, witch, if you don't pet this furry child . . ."

She sighed and ran her fingers along the cat's side. Its head rolled to look at her, and Hermione couldn't help but smile faintly. She couldn't wait to see Crookshanks the following Monday when they went to her cottage before Denmark. Then, her cheeks flushed red.

If they were going to Denmark together, that is.

"You're secretly a sap, aren't you, Malfoy?" Hermione asked as she scratched her nails lightly under the happy, content cat's chin. It closed its eyes and purred louder.

"Don't look so surprised, Granger." He leaned down, and she felt the cat between them. His breath grazed her ear. "I was only ever a prat to you."

A whip of irritation lashed out within her and she took a step away from him. "You're still a prat."

"That's unfortunate for you," he said, dipping his head down to bump cheeks with the cat. "He doesn't seem to think so."

Before she could retort about not actually knowing the gender, the crying Third Year witch came out of the Great Hall flanked by two of her friends, and she went absolutely bonkers when she saw that Malfoy had caught her cat. Hermione watched with a frown and a raised brow as the girl showered Malfoy with compliments.

The witch handed her familiar to her friend and then turned to face Malfoy.

No.

"Thank you so much, Draco," the girl said, and it sounded like she was pushing her voice out with extra force. She put her hands behind her back and twisted the pad of her foot back and forth shyly. "I don't know what I would have done without you."

Hermione watched on in a mixture of indignation, horror, and astonishment.

Nonono.

Malfoy ran his hand through his hair, his eyes flitting between Hermione and the witch. His facial expression looked like he was trying very hard not to laugh, and his eyes danced with light. It only served to make Hermione feel worse.

She wished she could make him laugh.

"Try to keep your familiar back in your dorm," was all Malfoy said.

"Oh, definitely. Absolutely." The Third Year fluttered her lashes.

The Third Year glanced over her shoulder at her two friends, one of which was struggling with the cat's weight. Hermione thought of casting a charm to make the cat easier to carry, but then she pursed her lips when she saw how she was looking at Malfoy. All three of them looked like a trio of fangirls, and it was nutters.

The awkward silence began to stretch, though Hermione might have been imagining that it was awkward. Malfoy cleared his throat, still with the ghost of a smirk floating about his face, and then he stepped back as if he were about to turn and go.

"Wait! You forgot your reward, Malfoy," the Third Year said boldly, and Malfoy stopped.

Things seemed to go in slow motion as the witch took a step toward Malfoy - toward Hermione's wizard - and her life flashed before her eyes. This was not happening.

Absolutely not!

Hermione suddenly lurched forward and put her hand on Malfoy's chest, shoving him backward before the witch's lips could connect with his skin. He barely budged, but he looked at her with a surprised, amused expression, and the Third Year witch stumbled a few steps.

Hermione's hand trembled and she drew it back quickly. Malfoy looked amused. The Third Year was looking at her in surprise, a sneer curling her lip. It felt like a thick band was being pulled in three different directions between them, and she was sure she'd forgotten how to breathe. She was mortified.

Had she just gotten jealous over a teenage girl?

Luna walked out with their plates of food and came to stand with the small group, oblivious to the tension.

"I've got your food, Hermione. Oh, hello, Draco Malfoy. You're looking very furry."

Malfoy raised his eyebrow, looking so similar to his father that it was almost funny. "Furry?"

"You have kneazle fur all over your uniform."

"She's a cat," the Third Year owner of said feline said with a scoff. The way she looked at Luna bothered Hermione.

"And cats don't belong in the Great Hall," Hermione snapped, glowering at the girl. And your lips don't belong on my wizard.

Her response was to scowl and glare right back.

"Taking lunch elsewhere, then?" Malfoy started towards Hermione and Luna, everyone's eyes following him as he stopped to Hermione's left. Arms still crossed, he leaned in close, his eyes studying her face.

Hermione held her breath, her heart beating wildly. "Yes. With Luna."

"Well? Come on, then." Malfoy tapped his cheek. "Give us a kiss, love. I retrieved the cat. I'm owed recompense."

The Third Years all gasped, obviously annoyed, and Luna laughed softly. Hermione felt heat rising to her cheeks and her temper began to flare. He was such a tosser. She gritted her teeth and clenched her fists at her sides.

When she didn't move, he sighed dramatically, rolled his eyes, and turned his face to look at her. He was smirking, looking smug. Like he'd won something.

"Don't want to kiss me? That's because, darling, we are havinga row."

Prat! Why does he have to make a mockery of everything?!

Hermione's eyes flashed.

To prove that they certainly were not having a row because they most definitely were not in a relationship, Hermione slapped her hands against his cheeks, curled her fingers a bit to grab hold, and yanked him down to her level. She smashed her lips against his, much to the younger students' audible irritation. She heard and felt the laugh rumbling in his chest as he uncrossed his arms and grabbed her by the hips, dragging her up onto the tips of her toes and lifting her an inch off the ground, like she weighed nothing. When he set her down and she pulled away, she was breathless.

Hermione turned to face the younger students, her hands on her hips. "Bring your familiar back to your common room, where she belongs. You're thirteen, for the love of Merlin - do not go around trying to kiss the cheeks of full grown adult wizards. And you!" She felt Malfoy's fingers tickling her lower back and she whirled on him, placing her palm against his chest and pushing him away. "Thank you for getting the cat, but stop playing around and go to lunch."

"Have we made up, then?"

Hermione blinked, taken aback. She was about to start clapping her hands. "There's nothing to make up about. Because we are not having a row. Because we are not in a relationship, Malfoy."

"So you're not angry with me?"

"I'm still angry with you!" she said, raising her voice.

". . . So we're having a row."

"Malfoy!" she practically screeched, heedless of what a child she must look like in front of the younger students. Frustrated, she waved her hands, scowled, and walked away. She mentally kicked herself, over and over.

Why had she kissed him? Why could she never keep to her word when it came to standing up for herself with him? She'd stood up to all of her friends that year, and followed through. Why was it that she couldn't seem to stay strong when it came to him? All she could think about was how no matter how angry she was with him, she didn't want other witches kissing his cheek, and she didn't want him moving on in any direction other than towards her. She just wanted him to give her some time to figure everything out.

Well, at least she made him laugh.

"Cheers, Draco Malfoy. Good-bye, children," Luna sang as she drifted off after Hurricane Hermione. "Watch out for Nargles . . ."

Hermione heard the Third Year girls exclaiming in protest at Luna's words, and then their voices faded out. She glanced over her shoulder, but even Malfoy had gone back into the Great Hall.

Luna caught up to her as they rounded the corner to the corridor leading to their common room, and she handed the still-fuming Hermione her plate. Hermione sighed and thanked her.

"I'm so stupid, Luna."

"You're not stupid." Luna rested her head on Hermione's shoulder for a brief moment. "He can be rather chuffy."

Hermione couldn't stop the laugh that bubbled forth. "Yes, he can be rather annoying."

"But you fancy him."

"And it's complicated."

"But you're not having a row."

"No."

"Because you're not in a relationship."

"Absolutely not. Not in a relationship, no."

"You were just upset, that's all."

"Yes. I never would have kissed him in front of those girls if I wasn't feeling so overwhelmed."

"Of course."

"But we're not in a fight and not in a relationship." Hermione repeated the words in her mind.

"You just don't want anyone else to kiss him."

"He's mine, isn't he?"

Hermione froze, her skin paling and she looked at Luna with wide eyes. Luna merely smiled at her in response.

"Yes. Yes, he is," she said, patting Hermione's cheek fondly. "Let's go fix your hair."

"I think you should try a fringe."

Hermione stared at herself in the mirror above the dresser. She was currently sitting down in a chair in the center of her dorm, her mess of a hairdo sticking out every which way as Luna picked through it with her fingers.

"A fringe? I had one when I was younger. Until Third Year. I'm not opposed to it."

"All right," Luna said, and then she reached for the scissors. "And I can do whatever I'd like?"

"Yes," Hermione said with a smile, sitting on her hands. Her heart beat a bit faster when she thought about what everyone would think when they saw her next. Malfoy was going to think she'd lost her mind, fighting with him for two days, kissing him in front of snotty teens, and then going to her dorm room and seemingly cutting all of her hair off.

Oh, well, she thought. Let him think it. I needed this, for me. I needed to do something for myself.

Luna began to work at her hair, cutting it dry and humming softly under her breath as she did so. Hermione watched as little curls wafted lazily to the ground and her smile grew. She hadn't been this excited about something since Voldemort died.

"So what are you going to do about your not-fight-not-relationship, Hermione?"

Hermione sighed heavily, blowing air out past her lips. "Oh, I'm not sure. I feel like every time I speak with him, he just finds a way to - to get under my skin. And it's hard to look at him and separate the real him from the Death Eater version of him. When he speaks, I just hear him calling me a Mudblood. When he touches me, I just remember what it was like when he - when he hurt me with the . . ." She couldn't even say it, couldn't even mention the whipping. "When he hurt me."

"It must have been terrifying," Luna said sadly. "Especially knowing that he was just acting, but the rest of them weren't."

"Did you know that Voldemort had plans to sell Muggle-borns to Pureblood families?"

To her surprise, Luna said she did. "When I was in the Malfoy family dungeons, I would sit by the bars and listen to their meetings in the Drawing Room. He talked about it a lot. Blood traitors, too."

"I'm glad he's dead." Hermione stared at the floor, feeling no remorse for what she'd just said. Her compassion extended to the Malfoys, and that was as far as it went.

"Me, too." Luna snipped at her hair in silence, fluffing up Hermione's curls as she went, and then she spoke again. "For what it's worth, I think he really cares about you. And after going through that together, I think he's not going anywhere. The question is, do you want him to stay?"

Hermione remained quiet. Did she want him to stay? If he wasn't a werewolf or whatever he was, would she really have stuck around for as long as she had? Would they even have gotten involved? He'd certainly shown interest in her before Crabbe ever scratched him, but she hadn't felt any sort of real feelings toward him until after.

Could she really be with someone who she'd been through such a traumatic experience with? Could she be with him when something as simple as him raising his arm reminded her of him lifting it to bring the whip down on her skin again and again? When he'd dragged her across the floor, hit her in the face, and bruised her rear end? Sometimes, she could still feel his fingers digging into the back of her neck. The rush of memories from that night was like a tidal wave, and she dug her fingernails into the cushion of the chair she sat upon.

That was why him calling her desire to help him mere "Gryffindor martyrdom" had hurt so badly. It took all of the trauma she'd experienced in that 4-hour period, hammered it until it was malleable, and then squeezed it down into a tiny, dismissive box. As if it meant nothing to him, what she'd done for him. She'd gone to that party for him. Yes, she'd wanted to find things out from Greyback, but that was so small compared to playing the role of a wizard's human pet all night, crawling on the floor and allowing herself to be degraded as though Voldemort had won the war.

But it wasn't like she could just quit him. Setting aside her feelings and their not-relationship, there was the issue of Fenrir Greyback. If he was planning something, which was highly likely, it seemed awfully selfish for her to completely check out of that situation when she, Malfoy, and their little Master-pet ruse was the best way to find information out that they might need. Kids or not, they were the wizarding world's best shot if Greyback had something up his sleeve.

"Oh - don't move!" Luna was crouching in front of her, trimming the new fringe into her hair with her tongue sticking out of the side of her mouth. "But yes, I can see why you would feel like you can't trust him. I think it would be hard for your mind to reconcile the dark side of him with his light side. Especially because of your past. And just because your mind recognizes why he had to hurt you, doesn't mean your body is able to recognize that."

"It feels like my body is what doesn't trust him. To my body, he's the person who gave it the bruises. My mind is like, not connecting with my body."

"Do you really think he can't be trusted?"

Hermione opened her mouth to speak, thinking. "I want to be able to trust him, but it feels very much like I'm being used." She lifted her hand and began counting off on her fingers. "I give him my blood so he stays alive, I stayed at the Manor that night because I was afraid they'd punish him if he didn't follow Greyback's orders to have me there, I have done so much research into his condition, and am actively doing more. I mean, I'm giving him so much of myself, and I feel like . . . Like he's not giving me anything in return."

Luna took a step back to look at Hermione's hair, and then started cutting at the right side of her head.

"Did he treat you well after the Revel?"

Hermione closed her eyes, hearing his voice in her head.

"It's all right, Hermione."

"Cry. It's okay to."

"I tried. So fucking hard."

"I promise, I tried."

"He did," she whispered. "He took care of me. He always does. I don't know what's wrong with me, why I'm so angry. I don't know why I can't trust him."

Across the room, Pakatugg poked his head out from the lower drawer of the dresser, swathed in the fabric of the robes she stole from Malfoy months ago. His tail twitched, and then he hopped out of the drawer and scurried to his little water dish.

Hermione smiled, feeling a tiny sense of relief. It felt nice to finally have someone to talk to about all of this, someone who wasn't judgmental and who just wanted her to be happy.

"Maybe the reason you can't trust him isn't because he's done anything wrong," Luna said as her fingers combed through Hermione's curls from behind her. "Maybe it's because you can't trust yourself around him."

Hermione turned to look at her, staring at her in surprise. Luna offered her a gentle smile.

"He changes you into someone new," she said. "And it scares you. So you're self-sabotaging because you want to protect yourself. The Revel made it worse because it brought you two closer together, but instead of working through it together, your fear is controlling you and pulling you away from him. What's more, is that I think he knows that. He knows you're isolating yourself from him, but because he cares about you, he's giving you the space you need to heal. He's putting you first even though he's hurting, too. He's not using you, Hermione. He's loving you."

With Malfoy, Hermione felt like she was two halves of a whole - weak and strong - and it didn't matter which one she was because he accepted both sides. He didn't want her to give him her blood, she just kept offering it and he was powerless to resist. He didn't want her at the Revel. In fact, he tried multiple times to send her home, but she wanted to be there for him. She chose to stay and fight against Greyback with him, and protect him from what Greyback would do if she wasn't there. He tried to challenge Greyback, tried with all of his might because he put her first and their ruse second, all because he didn't want her to get hurt.

"Then why do you fight for her as though she's your mate?!"

"Because she's mine."

When Hermione told Draco she wanted to fill him up, it wasn't because his cliffside castle was empty. It was because he'd filled her own castle so full of pieces of his heart that she wanted to give some of hers in return. She wanted to give him pieces of her heart so he could know how it felt to be cared for.

She wasn't allowing herself to be used at all. She was falling for him.

Her eyes filled with tears.

"I'm going to have to figure this out sooner or later, Luna. I don't want to hurt him."

Luna nodded, smiling softly, and then she came to stand in front of her. "I have a feeling he's a very patient wizard."

"I hope so." Hermione lowered her head and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. She thought back to the last few arguments they'd had, to the way she'd screamed at him, and she felt guilty. No matter how many times she blew up on him in ways she'd never ever blown up on anyone, he just kept coming back to check on her. He kept coming back to see if she was still angry, and he'd even told her that if she were struggling, that he wanted to help her through it.

She just didn't know how to let him help her when she was so used to helping everyone else

"Ready to see your new look?"

Hermione's head snapped up to see Luna grinning down at her. She scrambled to her feet and ran to the mirror, a gasp falling from her lips.

"Luna! I love it! It looks amazing," Hermione gushed, turning every which way in the mirror and using her hands to fluff up the curls herself.

Luna had taken the shaggy disaster that the 1:00AM-panic-attacked-Hermione had created, and she'd turned it into something that could actually represent positive change instead of a meltdown. She'd cut it to about two inches past her chin, but with a lot of long layers and in a way that caressed her heart-shaped face. Hermione now had a fringe that fell into her eyes, shielding her eyebrows from view and bringing attention to her high cheekbones. A couple of curls framed her face on either side, hanging a bit longer than the rest of her hair and grazing her collarbones. It was adorable, for lack of a more eloquent word, and when Hermione whipped her head from side to side in a playful manner, the soft, shiny curls bounced and flew about.

This was freedom. She felt like a completely new person. She felt like she was ready to start thinking more deeply about healing and leave the wallowing behind with every strand of hair that she'd cut off. Things weren't perfect between her and Malfoy, but looking at herself now, she felt determined to at least put in the effort. They were definitely going to need to have a huge talk.

"Just one last thing," Luna said, and she flounced over to Hermione's bedside table. She plucked the blue flower that she'd given Hermione the month before from the tabletop, took her wand out of her back pocket, and then duplicated it. Then, she came back to Hermione and placed a flower in her hair on either side of her forehead, near her temples. She cast a sticking charm on them both, and then danced a small, happy jig.

The flowers began to glow.

Hermione spun to face her and crushed her against her body in a hug. Luna embraced her in return and the two girls stood there together for a long, drawn-out moment.

"Thank you, Luna . . ."

For never turning against me, when everyone else tossed me aside.

For always being there for me when I need you.

For showing me how to be myself, no matter what.

For showing me how to be loved.

For being my friend.

". . . For everything."

Hermione practically skipped to Advanced Potions, her spirits as high as the moon and her face lit up from within. She'd already gotten countless compliments on her new hairstyle, just on the walk from the common room, and she felt like it was the best decision she'd ever made. Before she'd left the room, she'd changed into her white button-up, black uniform vest and Gryffindor tie, her plaid pleated miniskirt, and her opaque black tights, so she was feeling especially good. Cute outfit, even cuter hairstyle, and wearing a smile.

She felt good.

Harry spotted her as he was coming from the opposite direction, and they met at the door to the class. His jaw dropped and he grinned from ear to ear.

"Hermione, wow! You look great!" He gave her a one-armed hug. "I'm shocked. Your hair was practically to your bum."

"Thank you," she said brightly, hugging him back. He didn't know about the Revel, about her traumas, but that was okay. The haircut was for herself. "I just felt the need for a change. I feel much more like myself now."

"Well you look more you than I've ever seen you look," he said with another friendly smile. "You're glowing. Literally. Your flower accessories glow."

"Aw, Harry, thank you," she said. "Anyway, how was your weekend?"

His smile faltered. "It was all right. Half and half. Ginny wrote to me and told me she still loves me. She wants to get back together, and she wants to talk at Christmas."

"What did you say?" Hermione asked curiously, unable to stop herself from smiling again. She felt like she might never stop smiling. Who knew a haircut could be so powerful?

"I still love her, Hermione," Harry said, leaning back against the wall outside the classroom.

Students were filtering in from the end of the corridor, some greeting the two on their way in, some complimenting Hermione. With each person that entered, Hermione felt her stomach fluttering more and more with nervousness. Any moment, Malfoy would come strolling up. He had no way of knowing what she and Luna had discussed, but she felt like he was going to be able to see inside of her and know everything they had said. He had the frightening ability to look into her soul with just his smoldering silver eyes, and pin her down with his gaze.

Would he like her hair?

"This seems like it should be a happy occasion," Hermione said, peering up at Harry. "So why do you look so glum?"

Harry was silent for a moment and he studied her face as though looking for something. "I was already seeing someone. Someone I really fancied. But I love Ginny. I want to be with her. So I . . . I broke things off. She was really devastated. There were a lot of tears."

"You had a girlfriend?" Hermione was alarmed. Had they really grown so far apart this year that she hadn't known he had a witch? She wondered who it was and why he'd kept it hidden from everyone, from her. Perhaps it was just because of Ginny.

"No, it was casual," Harry said, rubbing the back of his neck. "She wanted it to be casual. So I didn't let myself get in too deep. I guess she was going against her own advice."

"I'm so sorry, Harry."

"It's for the best, 'Mione," he said, patting her on the shoulder. "Me dating her would be like you dating Malfoy. Weird on so many levels."

Hermione watched him turn and walk into the classroom. She sighed and shook her head.

Harry, you have no idea.

As Hermione walked into the nearly-full class, she heard someone call her name from down the corridor. She tried to lean back to look at who it was but went too far and nearly fell over. She grabbed onto the edge of a table sitting near the entrance of the class, stacked with textbooks for the Second Year students, and accidentally pulled the whole thing down. Books went spilling all over the floor and she sighed, hurrying to pick them up before Professor Slughorn noticed.

By the time she stood, she figured she may as well go put her things down. Whoever called her name would be in class in seconds, anyway. She walked to where Harry and Ron sat and set her bag and textbook on the table beside them. Ron looked up and his eyes went wide.

"Blimey, Hermione, you cut your hair off?"

Hermione grinned. "Have you got a problem with it, Ronald? Because Luna's the one that helped me with it."

Ron laughed and shook his head. "No, no. I think it looks good, don't worry. Why'd you decide to cut it?"

"Just . . . Time to make some good choices." Hermione pulled out her chair, still smiling. Then, she threw an absent look towards the door and saw that there was still a Second Year textbook on the floor underneath one of the other tables. She'd missed it.

Hermione walked back over to the spot and crouched down, reaching underneath the table for the textbook. As she did, a number of sets of feet entered the class and went to their seats, and then she put the book on the table. She started back to her place, seeing that Blaise and Malfoy were at their usual back-of-the-room seats.

"What the fuck, Granger?!"

Blaise's deep baritone barking at her caused not only her, but almost the entire class' eyes to land on him. Harry and Ron exchanged glances and Harry, ever the protective one, started to stand up. Malfoy had his arms crossed over his chest as he tipped his chair back and looked at Blaise with a confused expression. Hermione clutched a hand to her heart, feeling the way it beat wildly in her chest.

"What?" she cried, her legs trembling. "What's wrong?"

Blaise had whirled around in his chair, one hand on the back of it and one flat on the table. He slammed his hand down once.

"Youlooksofuckingcute!" he shouted, grinning like an excited madman. "Your hair! I mean, what?!"

Hermione blinked and then burst out laughing. Now that was a reaction. She held her hands over her aching abdomen as she laughed hard enough to steal the breath out of her own lungs. Tears of mirth began to cloud her eyes and, still with one hand on her stomach, she used the other hand to wipe them. She supposed she shouldn't have expected any less of a reaction from Blaise Zabini.

"Honestly," she spluttered between laughs, and it was all she managed to get out. "Honestly, Blaise."

"It does look really cute, Granger," said one of the Seventh Year girls with a polite smile. "Your new hairstyle. I really love the fringe!"

"Thank you," Hermione said between laughs.

Malfoy turned fully to regard her and through her uncontrollable giggling, she saw his eyes bouncing in small distances across the planes of her face and down her luscious curls. Hermione held the back of her hand over her mouth as the peals of laughter kept coming, and she returned Malfoy's gaze, wondering what he thought and what his reaction would be. She struggled to keep herself from fidgeting, feeling a bit like she was on display, or performing. As the amusement subsided, she lowered her hand and smiled at Malfoy. A real smile. One to let him know that soon, they would work everything out.

His eyes narrowed for a moment, suspicion filling them, and then he looked away for a second. When he locked eyes with her again, he gave her a nod. The corner of his mouth twitched upward in the hint of a half-smile, and Hermione felt her heart skip a beat.

He'd never given her that look before.

"Yes, Potions are very humorous sometimes, Miss Granger." Professor Slughorn moved into the classroom behind her, and she stepped aside. He headed to the front. "I apologize for my tardiness, students. It appears that someone slipped a love potion into the apple juice for dinner, and I had to rectify that before we all found ourselves hopelessly in love with a Fourth Year prankster."

Hermione hurried back to her seat, grabbing onto Harry's sleeve and yanking him to sit down, too. He was so overbearing sometimes. He shot Blaise one last glare, and Hermione smacked him on the upper arm.

"Blaise is my friend, Harry," she hissed. "Stoppit."

Harry stuck his tongue out at her, causing her to nearly pass out from stifling her laughter, and then they faced the front.

It was very difficult not to turn around and sneak glances at Malfoy.

After a long class period of Slughorn doing nothing but lecturing about the possibility that the Fountain of Youth was just a type of potion, Hermione found herself whisked out the door by Harry and Ron before she could stop to talk to Malfoy and Blaise. They were overly enthusiastic about roast beef night, and the news Slughorn had given about the love potion had them practically stumbling over their own feet to get the three of them down to the Great Hall.

She tried not to worry too much. There would be plenty of time to talk to Malfoy. She just felt antsy because every moment that went by of them not hashing things out, he would think she hated him and really did want him to starve.

"He said he fixed the issue," Hermione grumbled when they were on an upward moving staircase. "So we're rushing for nothing."

"Hermione," Harry scoffed. "This is Slughorn we're talking about."

"Yeah, I almost died in his office because he was a right pillock," Ron complained. "He probably used a hate potion to cancel out the love potion."

Harry threw his head back and laughed, hitting Hermione on the arm with the back of his hand. "Could you imagine? You drink a cup of juice and suddenly you hate Malfoy so much that you lunge across the table with a steak knife. Could you? 'Mione? Hermione, could you im-"

"Yes, Harry!" Hermione said, laughing incredulously. "I can imagine."

Outside the Great Hall, Hermione spotted Bill talking to a few younger students by the door. She thought of the book that she'd bought, and the knowledge she'd gleaned about Voldemort. He was the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, but he'd been a curse-breaker for years before that. Demons and demonic activity could be something he'd encountered at some point. She had yet to delve into the book she bought, but it couldn't hurt to throw some general questions out to him and ask.

"I'll see you guys in there," she said, walking backwards and jabbing her thumb over her shoulder towards Bill. "I have to speak to Bill."

"All right, Hermione," Harry said.

"Tell him I said he's a tosser!" Ron called, and then he and Harry laughed their way into the Great Hall.

Hermione hid a smile and shook her head. She approached the elder Weasley, who finished up his conversation and then greeted Hermione boisterously.

"Hey, Hermione!" He crossed his arms. "How are you? Your hair looks quite nice."

"Thank you, Bill," she said, hugging her arms tightly around her textbook. "Do you have time to talk? I have a few questions about a rather interesting topic."

"Oh?" He raised his eyebrows. "But yes, I always have time for you."

"Are you sure? It's roast beef night," Hermione said, unable to stop herself from giggling. She felt like she'd been laughing and grinning for hours. It was likely the best day she'd had all year.

He shook his head and laughed. "Yeah, I saw Ron and Harry running in there like a ghost was on their heels. What did you need to speak about?"

"Well . . ." She trailed off, looking around. There were still a lot of students coming down for dinner and she didn't want anyone overhearing what they were discussing. She gestured to the stairs. "Can we have a sit?"

"Sure," he said, and the two of them went to sit down on the third step up from the bottom.

"All right, so . . ." She huffed. "I don't exactly know how taboo this is, or if I could get in trouble for asking this sort of thing, but . . ."

He looked concerned. "What is it?"

Hermione sighed and grimaced. "Demons. What do you know about them?"

He blinked, visibly taken aback. "Demons? Hermione, that's . . . Why would you have interest in that?"

"Just for personal research," she said, unable to think of a good lie. "I find them fascinating in Muggle film and literature, and wanted to know what the wizarding world thinks of them."

He rested his arms on his knees, shaking his head slowly. "Well, I'm no expert myself. Demonology is banned at Hogwarts, and anything related to it is considered dangerous. The kinds of texts that you'd be able to find for study would come from bookstores outside of the Ministry's reach."

"That's what I figured. Could you tell me what you do know?"

"I can," he said, and then he flashed a teasing smile. "As long as you promise it's not because you're going to try and summon one."

"Oh, Merlin, no. I'm just studying." Hermione kept her eyes on his, hoping he didn't see through the lie. She wasn't planning on summoning one, but she did have intentions of detecting one if it was residing in Malfoy. She knew there had to be a spell somewhere, but she needed to get whatever information she could before she left Hogwarts to do that.

"All right, well - and again, I don't know much, but . . . Well, when I worked at Gringotts, there was a goblin there who used to talk about everyone and everything. Like a gossip, you know. He always seemed to know everything. And he was nutters, of course." He laughed.

"Of course," Hermione said, wrinkling her nose playfully.

Bill continued, "So, one day there's an eclipse. I took my lunch break outside so I could kind-of see it. Or at least, see what it looked like outside. He was outside, too, and when I came up, he just started talking to me. He says, 'the last time I was outside in an eclipse, I was opening a portal to Hell.' And I'm, of course, confused. Because it sounds absurd."

Hermione shared a disbelieving look with him. "That sounds a bit . . ."

"Barmy? I know. I told him so, and he seemed really offended. So I asked him what he was doing opening any portals at all, and how because that's technically sorcery, which is illegal. At this point, I didn't believe what he was saying was true. But he seemed affronted again and he told me that Hell is just a human term for it, and that it's a place like any other, the door is just closed. He said on certain nights, 'places align, and doors open.'"

Hermione listened, her interest growing. Sorcery was indeed illegal, it being a type of magic that went beyond the Dark Arts. It dealt with things unknown, such as time travel, death, and space. Demonology fit under that category. It also didn't require a wand, and only required the magical core of the user. Which meant that a goblin could indeed perform it, but the question was whether or not that particular goblin was talking about something real or false.

"What did he say next?"

"Well, you can imagine what I was thinking, and that was that he was falsifying everything. But I was interested to see what he'd crafted. So I asked him if he went in. He said that was impossible."

Hermione's brow furrowed. "How come?"

"He said, 'we don't go in. They come out.'"

Bill paused then, looking thoughtful as he rubbed his chin, and Hermione ignored the uneasy feeling she had in her gut. Seven simple words and yet they raised so many questions. Where did this portal truly lead? Who or what came out? Why couldn't anyone go inside?

"You know, now that I'm thinking about it, there was something I came across when I was going through the Defense Against the Darks Arts classroom at the start of the year. There's a bit of a miniature Library for the professors in the back office. Don't let me forget; I'll come back to it."

"All right. So what happened after he said what he said?"

Bill adjusted his position so he was leaning back on his hands. "I asked him who comes out, obviously, because that was definitely unsettling to hear when the sky was red. He said that they have no species, just names. And he said that whatever he saw, he couldn't remember because, 'their eldritch sight' was so mind-boggling that all he remembered was their long mouths."

A bit of a chill ran down Hermione's spine as her mind conjured up an image of something creepy with a mouth that fell open to the center of its chest. "Long mouths?"

Bill held his hands wide and shook his head. "I haven't the slightest clue, Hermione. I asked him what he meant, too, but he just told me to enjoy the rest of my break, and went back inside. It's stuck with me for all these years. But I think it's just a spooky tale. He was a gossip, after all."

She hadn't learned much but, she did know one thing was possible. That "Hell", or whatever place where demons existed, had a door. A door that could be opened. If what the goblin said was true, could Voldemort have summoned a demon and just forgotten? Perhaps had his memories of it wiped, like the goblin had? It wasn't anything to go on, but it was something to tuck away for later. When she got the chance to go to the Library, she was going to take another look at portals and inter-dimensional travel. After all, the Seelie and Unseelie Courts existed through portals. Who was to say "Hell" wasn't just another dimension?

If it did have a door, how many others had managed to open it?

"So, what was it that you came across earlier?" Hermione asked, trying to banish the terrifying image her mind was projecting of monsters with foot-long teeth to fill their equally elongated mouths.

"Ah, yes! It was a book that was left behind by an earlier professor; I'm not sure who. I still have it, and I can lend it to you tomorrow. But it's the diary of a medieval sorcerer Gamelin McGriogar. He apparently summoned a demon. I skimmed it, so I don't know details, but yes, I can certainly lend it to you."

Hermione frowned. Why did that name sound so familiar? She racked her brain, trying to figure out where she'd heard it or learned it before . . .

The Library! With Malfoy! The book, and Haggerty Prim.

I need that diary.

"Yes," she said enthusiastically. "Yes, I definitely would love to borrow that book. Tomorrow in class, I'll get it from you."

"All right," he said, and then he gave her a semi-serious look. "Promise me again you're not doing any summoning or door opening."

She smiled and shook her head, and then glanced to her right. She was surprised to see Malfoy wandering out of the Great Hall. She wondered briefly how they were going to navigate his need for blood tonight, and then she paused.

The full moon was drawing nearer. It would be nice to have one less thing to worry about in Denmark, if they went. They had 5 more days until Winter holiday, and then they had 14 days of the break. After Christmas, 3 days until the full moon cycle started. Unless there was some way to avoid it, New Year's might have a somber air.

"Bill, can I ask you for a favor?"

This was going to be her biggest lie yet, and she felt guilty, but after the agony Malfoy went through the night of the Revel, it was necessary.

"Absolutely!"

"Do you have any Wolfsbane Potion that I could have?"

His smile faltered. "What?"

Hermione forced herself not to turn and glance at Malfoy, not wanting to give him away. She wondered if he'd walked away or was lingering. If it were the latter, he'd know she was asking for the potion, and she had a feeling he would be irritated with her. But it was clear as of last month that he didn't have any, and just in case he still hadn't bought any, she wanted to be prepared to help. Hermione always liked to be fully prepared when possible.

"I am planning to study potions in-depth this year, and I have heard that Wolfsbane Potion can be broken down in certain ways and used to create new potions. I wanted to try, but I don't think I'll be able to get to Diagon Alley for awhile." She spoke fast, her words rushing forth like a waterfall.

There was a bit of silence while he searched her eyes, and then he said, "All right, if it's for study. I'm not supposed to do it, though, so you can't tell anyone."

"Yes, Bill, of course. Can I get it tomorrow after class with the diary? I have detention with Slughorn - don't ask - but if we hurry, I can make it on time." She quickly looked over her shoulder and stretched her arms up to try and make it look nonchalant. Malfoy was gone.

Bill nodded, and then abruptly stood up. He adjusted the lapels of his brown blazer and then held out a hand to help her to her feet. She started to pull her hand away, but he gripped it tighter, drawing her eyes up to his with concern.

"Hermione, you wouldn't lie to me, would you?"

Hermione immediately felt the back of her neck beginning to sweat. She already had. The whole conversation was based upon a lie. Remorse flooded her body, but she kept her face passive.

"No, Bill, I wouldn't."

He lowered his chin and looked directly into her eyes, still keeping a tight hold on her hand. "Is the Wolfsbane for Draco Malfoy?"

Oh, shite. "What? Merlin, no. What makes you think that?" Then, as seasoning, she added, "We're barely acquaintances."

"Acquaintances, hm?"

Oh, shite. Oh, shite. Oh, shite. Hermione's pores were leaking with sweat. She pulled at her hand and it was so clammy it slipped right out of his grasp. She wiped it against the fabric of her skirt in a surreptitious movement.

"The potion is for me, for study," she said, guilt drying her tongue and throat. "I promise."

He gazed at her for a moment longer, a moment during which Hermione thought she might faint from holding her breath and then he smiled.

"I believe you, then." He patted her upper arm once. "I'll see you in there."

He left to go into the Great Hall, and Hermione let her breath out in a rush. Her entire body trembling, she tried to steady the vibrations in her lungs, but the panic was only rising by the second. She cursed herself. An anxiety attack was not what she needed right now, but no matter how hard she tried to sort herself out, the fear and shame at having lied so many times to someone who was like family made her feel worse. She deserved to feel the panic.

Alone on the stairs, Hermione tangled her fingers in her neck-length curls and fought back tears. She took several choking gasps.

Why had she lied? She shouldn't have even initiated the conversation. She should have just figured out another way. Even though the diary of MacGriogair was going to be an immense help, it felt like it wasn't worth lying to her friends unnecessarily. She was a terrible person. She had become a terrible person.

Filth.

She heard their voices in her head at once: Gareth, Enicto, Cecilia, Demetri, Greyback.

Malfoy.

Filthy Mudblood.

She felt the dam threatening to break, to release her torrential emotions like the rain that was currently roaring outside, and she collapsed on the marble floor by the stairs. She couldn't breathe. Every positive emotion she'd felt all day was washed away. Inside her mind, she saw the Drawing Room floor littered with body parts. Blood soaking the carpet. The severed head.

How could she think she was okay? She wasn't okay.

"Hermione Granger!"

Hermione's panic levels rose and she whirled around, landing on her rump as she turned to face two young boys. They looked like First or Second Years, and she didn't recognize them at all. She hurried to wipe her eyes, but she continued to take hitched, panicked breaths.

"Are you all right?" One of the boys fell to his knees beside her. "Rory, use the coin!"

The boy who remained standing began to frantically search his pockets. Hermione stared at both of them, wondering what they were talking about. She pulled her knees to her chest. She buried her face in them, trying to focus on steadying her breathing and closing her eyes against the dizzying way her vision swam. Her heart felt like someone was squeezing it in their hands and she felt stupid. Having a panic attack because she lied?

She deserved this.

"Did you call him? Is he coming?" The boy on the floor inched closer to Hermione.

"I think so. I tapped my wand on it," Rory said.

"Herm - Miss Granger - it's all right," said the other boy, and she felt a small hand patting her lightly on the back. "We called for Draco Malfoy. He's gonna come; you'll see."

Hermione's head snapped up and she looked at him, then up at Rory. She didn't want to see Malfoy right now. Not when she was like this, not when she was vulnerable. She wanted to mend things, not feel terrified of him. She scrambled to her feet and started to back away from them, her blood rising again.

"I can't," was all she managed to choke out, and then she turned around and walked toward the entrance of the castle. She needed air. She couldn't breathe.

She felt like she was dying.

Get out of my head, she thought miserably, desperate to push the memories of the Revel away. Desperate to shove the werewolves out and Greyback out and the Death Eaters out. Desperate to tear Malfoy in two so she could push the Death Eater version of him away and wrap herself in the one that Luna said cared for her. How could a few white lies to Bill have caused this? She felt overdramatic and stupid. So, so stupid.

"Hermione, wait!" came Rory's voice from behind her. "Koichi, we have to stop her! Wait!"

Hearing their footsteps behind her only made things worse. She quickened her pace, her hands shivering violently, and she walked straight out into the rain in a near-daze. The moment the water began to soak her heated skin, she felt the tears begin to come with zeal. She buried her face in her hands and wept, hoping that the thickness of the rain and the darkness of the night would shield her from view. She hoped Malfoy didn't come.

She wasn't okay. A haircut didn't erase trauma. A good day didn't suddenly make the bad days go away. It was there when she closed her eyes and it was there when she opened them again, and he was there in every part of her body. He'd wrapped himself around every damn vein, owning all of her, and she was terrified of him. Of feeling something more than fancy for a person who had the power to destroy her.

She'd thought Malfoy's castle was crumbling, but in reality, it was her own. Hers was decrepit, the stones rotting from within as though they were alive and the rooms sagging down with the weight of her emotions. She wasn't angry with Malfoy, and she never had been angry with him. She'd been angry with herself for being foolish, as usual, and making decisions that put him in the position to hurt her. It was a vicious circle, him hurting her, her forcing his hand, him hurting her again.

The gravity of the Revel bore down on her shoulders and she doubled over, nauseous from the onslaught of memories.

He tossed back his head, gave a feline hiss, and sank his fangs into her neck.

It was all she could do to clamp her thighs around his hand to stop it from moving upward.

Hermione felt a scream ripping its way out of her throat unbidden as Malfoy hit her so hard she nearly blacked out.

"Mudblood, I want you to strip down so we can all see that dirty, muddy body."

"Spread your legs, muddy, and sit on your hands."

"Please don't make me."

"You look at me. You don't belong to anyone else but me."

Crack. Crack. Crack.

"I do believe you've finally broken her."

"Granger."

His voice twisted through the air toward her and she whipped around. He was standing in the rain with her, like he had the night after she was attacked by Theo, only this time she didn't feel safe. She stumbled backward, her body completely soaked through to the bone.

"S-Stay away," she said, holding one hand to her chest and stretching the other one out as if to push him back. "Please."

He pushed his hair back and stayed where he was, just outside the castle entrance. "Come back inside. We can talk, yeah?"

Hermione couldn't think clearly. She was shaking, and not from the cold temperature and the rain. She turned around, on instinct, and walked further out into the courtyard. She hugged herself, blinking raindrops off of her lashes and clenching her teeth against the trembling in her body.

Suddenly, he was in front of her. The fear rocketed through her body and she staggered back again, drawing her wand.

How had a simple conversation with Bill turned into this?

Malfoy held his hands up, squinting at her slightly through the rain.

"Let's go inside," he said slowly. "And we will talk."

"I don't want to talk to you!" she cried. "I just want you to leave me alone!"

"No. I have left you alone." He took a step toward her, hands still up, and his eyes darted down to her wand. "It's time for us to talk."

"I don't want to talk. I don't want to talk," she whispered, a shudder running through her body. She nearly dropped her wand. She squeezed her eyes shut, feeling the sting of the whip on her skin.

"Granger, stop this," he said, and his voice had taken on a gentle tone. He took another step toward her. "Stop this. We can't keep doing this."

Her grip on her wand faltered and her lower lip trembled. His eyes were so sincere.

"You don't understand," she whispered and then again, louder and with tear-choked emotion, "You don't understand! I can't get it out of my head. I can't get you out of my head!"

She saw when his temper snapped, saw it in his eyes.

"Why are you acting like you're the only person who was there? I was there, too, Granger!" He dropped his hands and then lifted one to point at her. "I told you to leave. I told you to go anywhere else but there. But you insisted."

It's all my fault. "Stop . . ."

"No! You're a selfish little girl, do you know that?" He advanced on her, eyes blazing and face contorted with anger. "You've not stopped to ask me how I felt, have you? You think I can sleep at night, remembering what it felt like to strike you? To beat you? To treat you like an animal? You think you're the only one with nightmares?"

His words felt like hammers. Her voice was a whisper between the raindrops. "Please stop."

I know. It's my fault.

"You were so strong that night, and now you're cowering before me like a little mouse," he spat. "You're letting it consume you. You're letting it stay in your bloody head." He pressed a finger to his temple. "You're inviting them in and you're not letting them go."

It's your fault. It's your fault.

"Malfoy, stop!" she suddenly shouted, feeling her indignation filling her body. The familiar anger flowed through her body, chasing away the panic and turning it to fire, and she stood to her full height. "The only person I'm inviting into my head is you! And you won't leave. You're in there, pushing me down. Holding me there. I can't get them out of my head because I can't get you out of it!"

Malfoy cursed under his breath and turned his face away. He put one hand on his hip and used the other to get his wet hair out of his eyes again. Hermione scowled and turned, walking across the courtyard towards the pillars. She just needed to get some air, and there wasn't enough. She turned before she got there, and he was right behind her. She started to speak again, but he bared his teeth in a snarl.

"I'm supposed to be the weak one!"

The two of them stood there, both panting heavily for breath. Hermione held her wand in a vice like grip, and raindrops rolled down her face. Malfoy stared down at her, his anger quickly morphing to his own panic. An emotion she had never seen on his face before appeared there, twisting it in a way that made her heart pound hard. He held his hands up before him, as if they had answers there, and he began to speak in a rush.

"I'm the coward. I'm the one who hurts other people to make myself bigger. I'm the one who made the mistakes, Granger. I'm the one who - I didn't - I failed. I didn't try hard enough. I never do. I fail, again and again and a-fucking-gain, I fail at everything I do. And now you're angry with me. I get it. I fucking get it, but we were both there. Pushing me to the ends of the Earth to get away from me isn't going to make you forget that it happened!"

Hermione turned away in frustration, taking a deep breath, tilting her face up to the rain. She shoved her wand up into her wrist holster. Then, she whirled on him. She had to get this out. They had to get the words out into the air. They had to work through this.

"When this all started, you sat on my bed and you promised me - you promised me - do not interrupt me, Draco! You promised me consent, safety, and security." She lifted her hands and began to count on her fingers. "Consent. Safety. Security. That's all I asked."

"I tried to get you to leave!" He threw his hands out at his sides.

"You should have forced me!"

"So, what? We're just passing the Blame Bludger back and forth? It's your fault, it's my fault - who the fuck cares? Neither of us wanted to be there. But we were, and it happened. It happened, and shoving each other to opposite ends of the Pitch isn't going to fix anything."

"I don't want anything to be fixed!"

"Then what the fuck do you want?" he screamed, roaring so loudly that she flinched.

Hermione stood there for a moment, soaking wet and miserable, and she knew. This was it. This was the defining moment. She had to say it all. Everything. Every little thing she'd been hanging on to since she spoke for his father. She had to stand up for herself and be the Hermione she'd always been. The one who stood up to her friends countless times. The one who Bellatrix Lestrange couldn't break.

"I'll tell you what I want," she said, loud enough to be heard over the rain, even though she knew he could hear everything. "I want to feel like I matter to you. I want to feel like you're not using me, and I want to feel appreciated. I want to be able to sleep at night without dreaming about you hurting me. And, Merlin - I want our castles to stop falling apart, because we're tearing one another's walls down. I want it all to be worth it. But most of all, I want you to tell me the truth."

Silence stretched on as his eyes searched hers, the look in them intensifying by the second. He looked like he was warring with himself. Like his walls were about to fall and disintegrate. Like the Earth had finally quaked and his cliff was collapsing. Like the real Draco was about to burst forth.

"He changes you into someone new, and it scares you. So you're self-sabotaging because you want to protect yourself."

Draco's castle fell.

"I'm sorry, okay?" he shouted, throwing his hands up and letting them fall to his sides in fists. "I'm fucking sorry I can't be the person you want me to be. I'm fucking sorry that I used you and put you in danger and hurt you. But I'm not . . . Strong. I'm not strong like you. I'm the son of a monster." He lifted his arm and looked down at the sopping wet sleeve. It was see-through. Hermione could see his Dark Mark. "I'm a monster."

There was another silence, and Hermione felt her heart beating faster and faster. She was about to speak, but he suddenly growled loudly in frustration.

"And I'm terrified, all right? I'm terrified of what I'm becoming, what I am, and what I do. I'm terrified that I'm going to drink too much and drain you. I'm terrified that I'll turn one full moon, and the wolf will devour you. I'm terrified they're all going to show up here, show up in our dorms, and tear you apart. I'm terrified they're going to come after you when I'm not around. I'm terrified of Greyback, do you understand that? I'm scared that he's going to use his power as alpha to make me kill you."

His voice broke and his eyes seemed to shimmer through the rain, the light from the castle illuminating the right side of his face faintly. "I didn't want to hurt you. It was the last thing I wanted. And I hate myself for it. But I don't - I do not hate you. I don't fucking hate you, and I am begging you to stop being angry with me so I can be near you again."

Hermione felt a strange feeling jolt all the way through her and her eyes widened in stages as realization dawned.

"Wh-What?"

"Fuck. I need to be near you again. Please." His lips trembled and he looked away. Rain continued to cascade from the sky, but Hermione couldn't tell if it was water on his face or tears. "Please stop being angry with me, Hermione. I can't fucking take it. I can't do this alone."

"He's not using you, Hermione."

Hermione's entire body began to tremble again. She had more to say. She had more to say, and she had to say it before she fell apart.

He had to know.

"I am angry with you. I'm angry because I give things up to you that I would never give to anyone else. I'm angry because you have the power to make me do whatever you want with the right words. I'm angry because I let you have that power. And I'm so, so angry with you for agreeing to the dinner in the first place. I'm so angry with you for making me fear you. I'm so angry with you for making me . . . Making me need you."

"He's loving you."

As the words fell from her lips, she felt the emotions rising up. The things she'd been thinking about all day crashed forward and she dissolved into gut-wrenching sobs. His eyes snapped to hers and widened, and she held her stomach as the raindrops mingled with her tears.

"I can't lose you, Draco. I can't lose you."

One blink, and then her back was against the nearest pillar. His lips were upon hers, kissing her, consuming her. Setting her on fire and stoking it higher and higher until she broke the kiss to gasp for breath.

His lips moved along her jaw and down the side of her throat, frenzied and heavy, wet from the rain. She threw her arms around his neck, barely registering that his hands were roaming all over her body. She cried out as his tongue laved her pulse point and then tasted her collarbone. She felt like she was being tossed into a boiling hot cauldron, stirred and spun around and around, given no chance to breathe. She couldn't think. She couldn't think.

She'd never felt so wanted.

She began to cry again, her body wracked with sobs, and he pulled back to gaze down at her with a passion in his eyes she didn't fully understand.

"You're falling apart," he said.

She started to shake her head, to tell him that it didn't matter because it was all her fault. The Revel, the feedings, everything. Every argument, every friendship he'd lost. It was all her fault and if anyone was weak, it was her. She was weak for not being able to see that she was the problem. She was the one who was tearing the walls of her own castle down, leaving not only her heart exposed to the elements, but the pieces of his that she'd been selfishly hoarding and pretending didn't exist.

"You are," he said fiercely, his voice pitchy with emotion as he spoke through clenched teeth. "Let me catch you, Hermione. Please. We can get through this together."

She gazed up at him through her tears, still shaking her head, and she saw a tear slip down his cheek. It was just one, but it was enough. It was everything. She whimpered, feeling a fresh wave of tears threatening to overcome her. He leaned forward, his mouth kissing her ear.

"Let me catch you."

What little resolve Hermione possessed melted and she turned her face to capture his lips. She gripped the hair at the base of his head, the wet strands sliding through her fingers. She used them to anchor herself as she pushed up on tip-toe, molding her body to his, kissing him with everything she'd been holding back from him.

She kissed him with every Hermione. The Hermione he'd called Mudblood as a child. The Hermione that screamed underneath his aunt. The Hermione that won the war. The Hermione that helped his father. The Hermione that bickered with him and fought with him and was angry with him all the time. The Hermione that was traumatized, and the one that was ashamed, and the one that had nightmares of him.

The Hermione that was falling for him.

He let out a ragged moan and shoved her against the pillar, his head turning to kiss her deeper, his tongue delving into her mouth. He dominated her entirely - his tongue in her mouth, his hands on her skin, his body towering over hers.

"I'm sorry," he whispered into her ear as his hands slipped up beneath her jumper and cupped her breasts. "I'm sorry I hurt you. I'm gonna make it up to you. Right here. Right now."

Hermione didn't care that they were in the courtyard. She didn't care about anything except for his soft hands, gentle against her bosom, and she arched her back. She moaned, the earlier tears drying on her cheeks as he rendered her almost boneless beneath his touch.

"I'll give you anything you want," he whispered, his lips wrapping around her earlobe and sending a spike of pleasure directly to the center of her body. "You want me to touch you?"

Before she could answer, one of his hands moved down, out of her jumper and under her skirt. He cupped her, over her black nylons, and massaged her slowly. Her eyelids fluttered shut and her head fell back against the stone pillar, her fingers wrapping tightly in his wet uniform vest. She rolled her hips against his fingers. He pressed against her harder, eliciting a heavy sigh from her mouth, one he mirrored as he covered her lips with his own.

Without fully kissing her, their lips parted and breathing each other's air, he reached down with both hands and slid them under her skirt from behind. He held her bottom tenderly, pushing and pulling, making her stomach flip and her womb clench.

"You have to answer me," he said, tilting his head to the side and smiling against her lips. "I promised consent, witch."

"Touch me," she said, completely lost to her desperation and fervor. "Please, Draco. Please."

He curved his hands around her thighs and pulled them up, lifting her into the air. She cried out in surprise, and he swallowed it with a scorching hot kiss. She hooked her legs around his waist, barely feeling the cold rain against her feverish skin as he held her against the pillar with his chest. She could feel him through his trousers, hard and firm before her, and she almost thought of reaching down to touch it. A flush rose to her cheeks, and then he distracted her.

"I'm gonna rip your tights," he said, and then he promptly did it, reaching between her legs with both fingers. He tore them, and then she felt his fingers against the fabric of her soaked knickers.

Hermione kissed him again, her hips squirming as he reduced her to near-tears. He broke the kiss and rested his forehead against hers, panting softly.

"You matter to me more than anything. More than anyone. Do you understand that?"

Her eyelids snapped open and her heart skipped several beats. She couldn't speak. She knew if she did, she might start crying again. She nodded, pushing her hips forward, pleading with her eyes. This, with his hand inside her, was something they'd never done. She'd never felt any part of him inside of her before. She wanted it. She wanted him.

"Tell me. I want to hear you say it," he hissed, his fingers slipping inside of her knickers from the side of the crotch.

"I'm y-yours," she said, her voice quivering with emotion and a bit of nerves. She slid her hands up to cup his cheeks and stroked her thumbs along his cheekbones. She looked him directly in the eyes. "I'm yours."

"That's right," he said, groaning and nuzzling his nose against hers as his right hand gripped her rear and held her up with it. His eyes flicked up and down her face and then they flashed dangerously. "You're mine. You're always gonna be mine."

His fingers stroked up the length of her center once, wet from the rain and soft with tenderness. He took his fore and middle fingers and slid them inside of her slowly. She closed her eyes and dug her fingers into the skin on his face as he did it, crossing her ankles behind his waist to help keep herself from completely sagging downward. Her lips parted as the pool of desire in her lower body began to heat higher. With the high tensions, rain, and passion of it all, her entire body was on edge.

It wasn't going to take long.

Draco twisted his hand and curled his fingers upward, pressing a spot behind her pelvis that she'd only read about. Her mouth fell open again in a loud sigh, and then he was thrusting his hand in and out, hitting that same spot again and again. Hermione wasn't sure when she lost her mind, but she supposed it was somewhere between "Draco, pleeease," and "Don'tstopdon'tstop." She had no idea what she was pleading for, she just knew that only he could give it to her.

Her eyes cracked open and she saw him watching her with an almost reverent look on his face, his bottom lip half hidden by teeth that bit into it. The feelings he was creating in her body were too much and not enough, and she began to move her hips in time with his hand's movements. He breathed out a laugh and then shoved his face against her throat, sucking at the skin on her neck. She arched her back again, as if she could get away from the overwhelming sensations, and she moaned.

"Yeah, that's it," Draco growled into her ear, his tongue snaking around the top of it. "Fuck my hand, little witch. Does it feel good? Tell me how it feels."

Hermione felt his words in her core and she did exactly as he asked.

"Feels so good," she whimpered, moving her hips faster. She could feel his hardness against her, and sweat was starting to bead on her brow amongst the drops of rainwater.

Feeling a rush of boldness while also wanting to do something to make him feel as good as he made her feel, she removed her hands from his shoulders and began fumbling with the buckle of his belt. His hand stuttered and in a panic, thinking he was going to stop, she shook her head.

"Want to," she mumbled, her eyes trained on his trousers as she unbuttoned them. "I want this."

His answer was to kiss her hard on the lips, over and over, all while she reached down into his unzipped trousers. She went for gold, her fingers hooking around the band of his pants and pulling them outward. She used her other hand to wrap his length in her grasp, feeling his heat and looking up into his eyes as her rain-slicked fingers began to move up and down. She'd never done this before and she wouldn't for anyone else, but this was Draco. This was Draco, and he'd done things for her that more than warranted it.

"Look at me." He resumed thrusting his fingers in and out of her, and the surprise of it caused her to tighten her hold on him and yank slightly. He gasped and bit his lips. "Oh, fuuuck. Do that again. Again."

As Hermione worked him, his hips pressed forward into hers even harder, pushing his own hand deeper inside of her. Her toes began to curl in her trainers, and she could feel a pleasant tingling starting to make its way throughout her body. Her moans grew in volume, increased in pace, becoming more strangled. And then, when he pulled his fingers out of her began to play with her pearl, she really did lose her mind.

"Draco," was all she could manage to keen. "Draco, I - Need -"

"I'm here," he groaned, his mouth against hers. He tilted his head again, thrusting upward into her wet hand and moaning under his breath. "I'm here with you."

Her mouth fell open and her head fell back, her fringe wet against her forehead. "Don't leave," she whined. "Don't."

He shook his head, kissing her again, repeatedly, making her stomach flip and her heart swell.

"Fuck," he groaned, the hand that was holding her up by the rear squeezing her flesh. He stared at their hands between their bodies, the rain sliding down their skin. The look on his face was euphoric, cheeks and neck flushed red where the light hit him, his eyes burning as bright as stars. "Fuck, you're gonna make me come. You're gonna make me come, Hermione."

Hermione moved her hand faster, feeling her own body responding to the sounds and sights of his pleasure, and she inhaled sharply. Any moment now, she was going to fall apart, she knew it.

"Fuckfuckfuck," he whined, and then his hips jerked. "I'm -"

He didn't finish his sentence. With a low moan, he came. Hermione boldly held his gaze while he did so, feeling her entire body tingling from his ministrations on her body.

Draco's fingers pulled out of her channel and began to rub against her pearl again. Her entire body went rigid and she saw white stars behind her closed eyelids, the back of her head scraping against the pillar. "Are you gonna come for me?"

"Mm-hm," she said, rising on her breaths and flying through the sky.

"Tell me sweetly. Tell me so fucking sweetly."

Hermione said the first thing that came to mind in her addled state of mind.

"I'm - I'm c-coming for you, sir." Her voice came out high-pitched, strangled, breathy.

He whimpered, and then he was falling off the cliff, directly into his release. She felt his body shuddering, heard him whispering her name, and then she felt the taut rope that had been stretched in her body reaching its limit. She cried out, almost sobbing, and saw swirling galaxies behind her eyelids. She needed it, she needed it. She needed him. She was on the precipice, she was close. She was -

Draco let out a feral snarl and sunk his fangs into her neck. The moment they pierced her skin, a wealth of magic flooded her body and filled her from head to toe. Her eyes flew open and she soared off the edge of the mountain, her body a trembling mess in his arms. She felt waves of pleasure radiating outward from the bite and in spite of her terror, she pushed her throat against his mouth. She came hard enough to see black spots dancing across her line of sight when she opened her eyes, and then she went limp.

When he finally pulled his fangs out of her flesh, the passionate haze faded and she was left with a lump of coal in her throat. He slowly eased her back down to her feet. The torrential downpour continued.

They stood in silence.

"What -"

"Draco, don't say anything," she whispered, feeling fear chilling her once-scorching blood to ice. She held her hands against her cheeks and stared up at him in shock.

He bit her. Draco bit her.

"You're a Veela," she whispered. "And a werewolf."

"Are we . . . ? Are you my . . . ?"

"I don't know." She was trembling, and her body felt weak. Blood trickled steadily down her throat and stained her wet shirt. She began to wring her hands. "The actual ceremony has to be . . . I-Intercourse. We didn't. But -"

"I bit you."

"You bit me." Silence. She tried to calm herself, still wringing her hands. "Do you feel any different?"

"No. Do you?"

She shook her head. They hadn't talked about this, and even though she didn't know exactly what it meant, she knew that he had been adamant about not mating with her. Were they mated now? Bonded in some way? How would it manifest?

"Sleep in my room tonight?" he asked. "We can discuss it there."

Her first response was to say no, that she needed time to think, that she had detention, that she was scared she'd sleep with him, but when she thought of not being near him, it made her feel panicked. What if something happened while they were apart? What if the bond hurt them if they weren't near each other? What if he withered if she was more than a certain amount of feet away?

She blinked.

"I just almost had a panic attack," she said, looking up at him fearfully.

"Why?"

"Because I wanted to say no."

They stared at each other in breathless shock. Draco narrowed his eyes and shook his head slowly.

"We didn't mate, I know that for certain. But we're bonded. I can feel it. It's like a . . . Fire. Under my skin. My magic recognizes it as you." He slowly lifted his hand, palm up. His facial expression was calm but a bit chagrined. Hermione could tell he felt terrible.

Hermione thought back to everything she'd read about Veelas in the Library. She went through the pages and the words in her mind, trying to remember if she'd ever read anything about what happened when a Veela bit someone.

A light flashed in her mind. She'd figured it out. She knew what this was.

She placed her hand in his, and immediately felt the growing panic in her chest settling into a grim despair.

"You claimed me."

"What does that mean?"

"We have to mate. Or we'll both die."




 

Invisible


Speak Up by Pop ETC, D.R.E.A.M. by Jonny Craig, and Rewrite by Asian Kung-Fu Generation

Draco POV

"We have to mate. Or we'll both die."

Draco walked behind Hermione a few steps, his hands in his pockets and his eyes glued to the back of her curly-haired head. She didn't seem to notice that he'd fallen behind in the corridor, didn't seem to notice that her short, curly hair was dry at the top and still dripping wet at the bottom. He didn't understand how that worked, but he did think she looked quite becoming with the new hairstyle. Almost more like herself, like she'd come awake or - or alive somehow.

It had felt nice under his hands, even when it was wet.

Hermione was murmuring under her breath, running over multiple possible solutions under her breath, and her steps kept slowing to a near-halt that almost had Draco tripping several times.

The eighth time he nearly stumbled over her feet, his hands leapt out of his pockets to grab onto her upper arms before he did so. He tried not to feel or look irritated, knowing that he was just as concerned for the future as she was. He just wished she would wake up and be okay with letting him die. That would make things a lot easier for the both of them.

It was strange.

The moment his hands touched her sleeves, it was almost like her body heat . . . Leapt out at him. Like it was dragging itself out of her body and wrapping itself around his fingers, attempting to trap him there. She gasped and her knees buckled, forcing him to hurriedly grab her elbows and keep her upright. Her head fell back against his chest.

"Draco," she breathed. "Do you feel that?"

He stared down at her upturned face, the curve of the throat he'd been kissing a bit ago. He'd only felt faint heat before, but now, it was an inferno. It almost hurt to touch her. But when he started to let go of her, his magic screamed at him and reached out towards her. It was then that Draco realized it wasn't her body heat that he was feeling.

It was her magic.

His eyes widened in alarm when she let out a small moan, his head swivelling about to ensure that no one had heard her outburst. Luckily, dinner was still minutes from ending and they'd passed the Great Hall, but the last thing they needed was random students straying by, thinking he was accosting her in the damn hallway. Especially when their clothes were rumpled and damp, and her top was soaked through with her blood.

"Granger, stop," he hissed down at her, rushing her forward by the elbows. Her legs were wobbly, her feet slow, and he felt like his skin was crawling. He could still taste her blood on his tongue and it made him feel like shrugging his shoulders out, cracking his neck, and pinning her down on the ground.

Wait. No. Bad. That was bad. That was not what he needed to do right now.

He shook his head, feeling his nerves creeping up on him. As if he needed another reason to hate himself right now. Right after her finally admitted how he felt to Hermione. Right after he finally . . .

Bit her.

He could feel the moment he lost a bit of his control. When he realized that his magic was urging him forward, telling him he wanted her. That he needed her more than anything else.

"Draco," she keened when his hand slid across her stomach to hold her upright. He felt her thighs pressing together. He smelled the scent of her arousal more acutely than he had before. He took a ragged breath. He could see his bite mark there on her neck as her head lolled to the side. It wasn't bleeding anymore, but it was by no means healing.

He wanted to bite her again.

He was losing control. Right there, right in the corridor. He didn't care who came along. He felt his sanity faltering, trembling on its foundation. He lifted her up by the waist and walked her over to the wall, pressing her face-first against it. His hands dragged down her sides, to her hips, pulling them up. She was whimpering unintelligible things, little sounds that made him feel like groaning. He reached for the hem of her skirt. His mind was a hazy, fiery inferno of lust. He was going to fuck her.

Now.

"Draco! Draco Malfoy!"

Hermione froze. Draco's hands jumped away from her at the sound of his name being called. He whirled around, seeing Rory and Koichi jogging up to them, each waving a hand.

"Is everything all right now?" Rory asked, looking concerned as he took in their disheveled, damp appearances. "You went out in the rain."

"You might catch a cold if you don't go to the Infirmary," Koichi added, frowning.

Hermione furiously straightened her skirt. "I'm all right. Draco's all right, too. Are you two all right?"

Rory and Koichi exchanged glances. Draco ran his fingers through his hair to calm his nerves. Hermione obviously wasn't in her right mind right now, but then, neither was Draco.

"We're fine," Rory said. "You two were the ones who went out there. And Hermione, you were breathing strangely."

"That's why we used the coin," Koichi said.

"What coin?" Hermione asked.

Draco rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly feeling a bit sheepish. "Granger, this is Rory Bell and this is Koichi Harada. They were a bit of a help to me awhile back."

The two boys smiled and waved, and Hermione waved back. Her smile, however, seemed forced. Draco watched her closely, having a feeling he knew why. He was feeling the exact same way.

Draco opened his mouth to tell her exactly what the boys had helped with but the words wouldn't come. He hesitated, feeling even more nervous. For some reason, he didn't want her to know the extent to which he'd been investigating her attack before they became whatever they were now.

Fortunately or unfortunately, the boys beat him to it.

"We were there, the night you were . . . Attacked," Rory said. "We heard your attacker."

"Yeah, and then we also went up to the owlery and saw scratches in the wall," Koichi added. "Draco gave us a coin with a charm so we could get a hold of him in case anyone gave you a hard time again."

Draco felt his heart rate picking up, but he schooled his facial expression into remaining passive. He felt Hermione's eyes on him. He kept his gaze on the boys.

"In case anyone gave me a hard time?" He could hear the smile in her voice, and this time, it didn't seem like she'd forced it. "Why, that was very kind of him to look out for me. And very kind of the two of you to do the same."

"Oh, it was nothing," Rory said, waving a hand.

"Yeah, we like being able to help," Koichi said with a grin. Then, he looked from one to the other. "So . . . Are you guys friends now?"

Draco couldn't help it. His eyes darted to look at her. Her eyebrows were rising by the second.

"Sounds like you discussed me quite a bit," she said. "When was this?"

"Oh," Draco said, hand on the back of his neck, "not too -"

"I think it was the end of October?" Koichi said, looking to Rory for confirmation with a furrowed brow.

"Yes, right around All Hallow's. I think it might have been the 1st or 2nd of November." Rory smiled innocently.

"Wow, all that time ago," Hermione said, sounding awed. Draco tried not to cringe. "Sounds like you boys have been on the case for quite some time."

"Yes, we've been snooping about, listening in on conversations," Koichi said brightly. Then, his face fell. "But unfortunately, we've had no luck."

"Did you solve the case?" Rory asked, looking at Draco. "We've kept our eyes and ears open, but haven't found anything."

"No," Draco said, shaking his head. "I fear the trail's gone cold, boys. But you've been very helpful so far. You helped Hermione, and now she's all right, so I'd say you've done a good job."

"Do you still need our help with the case?" Rory asked, sounding hopeful. Draco looked down at him. He couldn't help but notice how similar he looked to Katie and his guilt reared up full force. What would his former classmate - the one he'd poisoned - think about her little brother being so involved with Draco Malfoy? Especially in a situation involving Unforgivables?

Draco crouched down so he was at eye level with the two First Years. He placed a hand on either of their shoulders, just like he had the day he'd met them. He gave them a small smile.

"Listen, boys," he said quietly. "You've been a big help. You really have. But it's gotten a bit more dangerous than I first thought. We -"

"So you have a suspect, then?" Koichi asked.

Rory perked up. "Who is it?"

Draco let out a mirthless chuckle, shaking his head. He had no suspects beyond Crabbe, but the boys didn't need to know that. He just wanted them out of harm's way. The last thing he needed was Greyback or someone else finding out he had more people who were important to him.

"No one you two need to fret about. But trust me, I could not have gotten as far as I have without the two of you. Without you, I never would have gotten any further than I had at the time. For now, you two have done an excellent job, and can go back to your normal lives. Maybe you could try out for Quidditch?"

"Can we keep the coin?" Rory asked, looking anxious.

Draco paused with his mouth open, ready to tell them to give it back. Looking into Rory's hopeful eyes, however, he found that he couldn't disappoint him. He hadn't the heart to say no. Even though he felt guilty about what he'd done to his sister, even though he didn't want anything bad to happen to the boys, he couldn't take the coin away from them.

"Yeah," he said, standing back up. "Sure."

"Ace!" Rory said, sharing a wide-eyed, grinning look with Koichi.

"All right, you two," Draco said. "Off with you. I'm sure you've got essays due in Charms, or something."

The boys dashed off, and then Hermione cleared her throat. When he glanced over at her, he saw that she had her arms crossed over her chest. She cocked an eyebrow at him.

"Rory Bell?"

He frowned, indignation leaping forward past any other emotion he felt. "So I feel more than a little bit guilty. So what? Not all of us have forgivable sins, so we take our opportunities to make amends as they come."

Her face softened instantly, surprising Draco, who had fully expected an argument to spring up. "Who's your suspect? I wasn't aware you were still investigating. I thought you'd given up."

"I don't have a suspect," he said, his hand reaching out for her face of its own accord. He caressed her jaw. "But I'll never give up. It's just on hold for now. We have more pressing matters, anyway."

She grimaced momentarily, and then her hand came up to wrap around his own, pulling it from her cheek and holding it to her chest. She tilted her head to the side.

"You're sort-of good with kids," she said.

"Are you surprised?" Draco tugged on her hand, causing her to stumble forward. He wanted to be closer to her. His magic wanted it. He wrapped his other hand around the back of her neck, feeling her still-drying hair beneath his fingers as she looked up at him. "I don't want any myself, but I've never been uncomfortable around them."

"You don't . . . ?" Hermione looked astonished. "I would have thought that, since the Pureblood line is so important to you -"

"It's not," he said, his eyes studying her face. He was barely paying attention to this conversation. He wanted to kiss her. "It's important to my family, but I'm sure you've realized by now that the things my parents care about aren't necessarily the things that I believe. What about you?"

She shook her head. "I've got my parents to worry about, personal ambitions. No children for me, either."

"Personal ambitions," he chuckled, smirking as he lowered his head to hers. He shook his head out and grinned. "Sounds positively Slytherin."

His lips brushed against hers once. Then a second time. When she pushed herself up to kiss him herself the third time, Draco felt his magic flaring to life beneath the touch of them. Her hand wrapped tighter around his, and her other one came up to cup his face. Even though he could feel the fire and the drive to consume her washing over him, he held himself back. It was important, he felt, for them to have this kiss. This simple kiss without raucous need or frenzied pawing or - or moaning.

This time.

He needed her to know that for him, it was real. That it wasn't just the magic and it wasn't just his wolf. It was his heart that beat for her.

Hermione pushed him away, panting and ruddy in the cheeks. Voices were ringing in the corridor, signifying that dinner was over.

"We should - should be more careful. Until we figure out how this all . . . Works."

"You could always let me die," he muttered.

She shot him a glare. "It doesn't work that way anymore. Once the Veela bites another person, a potential mate, they're connected. From what I've read, their lives are tethered. So if I let you die, that would essentially be committing suicide."

"Then what is the point of mating versus bonding?" he said, annoyed.

"That needs more research."

A small group of Third Years girls meandered by, whispering behind their hands and casting Hermione and Draco surreptitious glances. Draco rolled his eyes and looked at Hermione, who was chewing on her fingernails. He had no idea how she wasn't fed up with people ogling her all the time. It certainly bothered him when - well, not when he himself was looked at, but when other people looked at her. At his witch.

A sudden possessiveness ripped through him as the girls passed, causing his hand to shoot out and grab the back of her head. He pulled her against his chest, embracing her with one arm, and glowered at the Third Years. They looked shocked, speeding up as they walked by, Draco picking up the sound of their whispers.

"They think I'm mental," he said over the top of Hermione's head.

"You're not," she sighed, burrowing her face into his chest. "It's probably a symptom."

"Everything's a damn symptom now, innit?" He scowled and let go of her, even though his skin ached to touch her again. "Let's go to my dorm."

They resumed their walking, heading for the common room.

The voice hadn't spoken to him since the night he'd almost drained her, which was odd. It had been so vocal, so visceral, that for it to suddenly go silent was a little unsettling. Had it all been in his head? Was it a demon? Or was it his magic made flesh, speaking his inner desires aloud? If that were the case, then he really did need to be more careful with Hermione.

Still, he wondered, was it just sleeping? And if so, when would it return?

"It'll be all right," she said as they padded softly up to Dumbledore's calmly-blinking portrait. "We'll do research, like I've been doing ever since this all started, and we'll find answers in the Library. We'll find a way to make this work for you."

Draco shot her a look. "Work for me?"

"So you don't have to mate with me," she said, and as the words left her lips, Draco felt her magic settling down towards the ground. He frowned in perplexion, his eyes sweeping over her as she turned to speak the password to the portrait.

Was she still on about that? Did she honestly believe that he didn't want to mate with her because she was a Muggle-born? Hadn't he done enough to prove that he wasn't that person any longer? Was it that she thought low of him, that he was still reprehensible in her mind? She certainly seemed able to snog him well enough outside. Or was it that she thought low of herself? Had all of the previous years piled down on her shoulders and forced her into believing she really was filthy?

His magic roiled, swirling around his body at the thought. She wasn't filthy. But he certainly was. He recalled their argument outside, how she'd so vehemently blamed him for taking her to the Revel. Was it really that she blamed him? Or did she blame herself so deeply that her mind couldn't take it, and she'd projected it outward so she could cope?

"Aren't you coming?" She cast him a glance over her shoulder from inside the common room, holding the portrait open for her.

He stared her down coolly, trying to read her mind through the traces of her magic that he could feel curling out toward him. Which was it? Was he the problem? Or was it her self-esteem?

"You're wrong you know," he said.

She looked confused, poking her head out to glance down the hall. Draco could hear that people were coming, but he wasn't entering the common room until he told her how he felt. Her eyes scanned his face, and he could see and feel that she was tired. But was it mere bodily exhaustion and a need to sleep? Or was she tired of him and his constant need for another person to hold his hand through the process of his transformation?

He didn't want to be anyone's charity case, but he also didn't want her to let herself waste away in the process of helping him. He was too cowardly to watch anyone die for the likes of him, even if self-preservation was the first thing on his mind.

"Wrong about what? Draco, everyone's going to start coming back soon, and I don't feel up to talking to anyone right now."

"Wrong about me, about what I think." He took a step forward, placing his hand on the portrait.

Her hand slid away from it and moved to brush against her collarbone. "What do you mean?"

"You do matter to me. I'm not using you. And I do appreciate you. Without you, I don't know if I'd even be here - I might have been thrown in Azkaban on principle." His eyes never left hers. It wasn't the time for shyness or cowardice. Not anymore. "You're not gonna lose me. You couldn't even if you tried."

She gazed up at him with wide eyes, looking pale and drawn, and Draco could feel a mixed range of emotions coming off of her magic in waves. Fear, sadness, confusion, nervousness. But most of all, relief. Something clicking into place that had been stuck between two ridges for a time that only she knew. And when she smiled, Draco believed it.

"Good, because I have a horrid sense of direction."

He followed her into the common room, other students mere minutes behind them. "Then how the Hell did you gallivant all over, looking for Horcruxes?"

"Gallivanting doesn't necessarily imply a resolute direction, Draco," she said, turning and stepping aside so he could lead the way up the stairs.

"I wouldn't know," Draco said flippantly as he ascended the stairs with his hands in his pockets. "I've never gallivanted."

"Do Malfoys even gallivant?" She giggled, and the sound touched his magic in a pleasant way. He nearly purred.

"Absolutely not. A Malfoy would never gallivant. Neither would he traipse, trot, plod, or wander. A Malfoy always knows where he's going." He pulled out his wand and waved it to unlock the door. Downstairs, he could hear students filing into the common room, their merry laughter as they immediately set into the Firewhiskey rising up to greet his ears. For the first time in months, he actually didn't envy them.

He had someone better than Firewhiskey right here.

Hermione's giggling increased, causing her to stumble over his feet as she followed him into his dorm. "What about a jaunt? Surely Malfoys jaunt?"

He stepped to the left to remove his blazer and put it on the dresser, turning to see her standing beside his bed with her hands on her hips. She looked a sight, clothes still rumpled from the rain, hair frizzing out like a mushroom all over her head, glaring at him playfully. He leaned back against the dresser, crossing his ankles and arms, willing his magic to settle itself before it started jumping about like a kneazle with kneazlenip.

'Fuck I need some help,' he thought desperately, his fingers tingling and twitching. He longed to grab her shoulders and push her down onto the bed. To finish what they'd started outside.

"A Malfoy might be convinced to jaunt," he said, shaking his head in amusement. A smirk played about his lips, trying to break through his feigned arrogance. "Depending who he was doing the jaunting with. With the right bird at his side, I suppose a Malfoy would deign to jaunt somewhere acceptable."

She scoffed and leaned forward slightly, hands still positioned on her hips. "The right bird? And what exactly constitutes as 'right?'"

He felt her insecurity in her magic, all but solidifying his thought processes from the portrait entrance. He couldn't understand it, though. Did she really think lowly of herself, and why? She was the smartest girl in the entire school, had been the only witch to beat him in every subject since First Year, and she'd won a war. Purity of blood or not, any wizard would be lucky to get to snog her, touch her, and spend as much time with her as he did.

Why didn't she understand that the reason why he didn't want to mate was because he was the one who wasn't good enough for her?

"Well, for starters, she'd have to be fashionable," he said, uncrossing his arms so he could push his hair back with his fingers.

"Fashionable?"

He waved a dismissive hand towards her hair playfully. "No mushroom hair. It just won't do."

She looked offended and her hands flew up to press down frantically on her rain-frizzed curls. The expression of affront rapidly melted into one of horror and she took off running towards his small loo. Malfoy couldn't help himself. He threw his head back, laughing as she ran into the bathroom and immediately dunked her head under the faucet. When she came out, he barely managed to stifle his laughter at the sight of her glare. The water dripped all over her face and neck, soaking her shirt through again. He pulled out his wand and did a careful drying charm, ensuring to keep it from mushrooming again. By the time he was done, her hair was in soft, loose ringlets. He tugged on the end of one, watching it bounce.

"I never did tell you I fancied your hair," he drawled, raising his eyebrows animatedly as he spoke.

"Feel free to tell me now."

"The fringe is cute." He placed his hands on her cheeks and pushed them together until her lips pursed and she scrunched her nose. The expression on her face pulled another laugh out of him. "So is the face."

She stared at him, her eyes seeming to shimmer in the dim lighting of his perpetual lamp.

"Did anyone ever tell you you have a nice smile?" she asked, her voice coming out warped and squashed from the way he was holding her face.

His eyes roved over her, over the way the blue flower clips in her hair glowed brightly. He wondered why they did that, having only seen them do it at certain times that night. "Malfoys have perfect teeth. It's genetic. Didn't you know?"

She glared, pulled her face out of his hold, and hit his arm. "Oh, stop! You're such a prat. Everyone has poor teeth when they're children, and some people are lucky when they get older. I should know. My parents were . . ."

When she trailed off, Draco was confused. That is, until her magic burst outward and hit him full force with a gust of despair that choked him. He stumbled backward, clutching his chest, and gasped for a breath. It hurt so badly. Was this what she'd been dealing with?

"Do you . . . Feel me?" Hermione asked, her eyes widening as she watched him.

He nodded gravely. "Do you feel me?"

She shook her head. "No. That's not what I feel."

Draco frowned. "What do you feel?"

He didn't miss the way her cheeks flushed before she turned and began to pace in front of the open bathroom door. "I don't know how to describe what I feel. It's a pull. A pull that tells me I belong to you, that I need to make sure you're pleased. And it's mortifying, but I'm very overheated. Getting my hair wet actually helped."

Now that Draco was looking, her neck did seem a bit red. He wet his lips and stood up straight, lowering his hand from his chest as the pain in her magic subsided. He took a deep breath. So, they were feeling separate things that happened to be somewhat similar. It wasn't anything they couldn't handle. Draco had been able to handle two full moons now. Surely they could handle this situation.

"This is very interesting," she said as she continued to pace. "So, your magic can sense mine, and subsequently my feelings and emotions. Like it's telling you to provide . . . Solace or - or comfort. Maybe it's like . . . An animalistic nature within the Veela?"

"So, we're agreed, then, that I am a Veela as well as a werewolf?" Draco said, brow furrowing as he scratched the back of his head. "It sounds so barmy."

"But it's true." Hermione waved a dismissive hand. "That's not the issue, however. The issue is how we're feeling, and how it may manifest the further time goes on. I wonder, will it be like a cat going into heat?"

As she paused and held a thoughtful hand to her chin, facing the window, Draco had to force himself not to laugh at the absurdity of the sentence she had just uttered. He pulled his hands down his face and then held them out in a movement of puzzlement.

"I mean, what?"

She blinked back at him with a very serious expression. "Draco, we almost had sex in the corridor. I think it's safe to say that this situation is a bit animal, wouldn't you think?"

He felt her magic starting to twist through the air again, but he couldn't read it. It was impossible to discern whether it was irateness he was feeling from her, or some sort of strange passion.

Merlin, was it like being in heat? Draco had no idea what that would look or be like, and he wasn't sure he wanted to find out. It sounded mindless. He didn't know much about Muggle cats, but he knew about Abraxan horses. His family had kept an entire stable full of them until his Fourth Year, when everything started going to shit after the Triwizard Tournament. He knew they went into heat cycles in the Spring and Summer and though uncomfortable, they weren't inherently painful.

As long as the mare mated as soon as possible.

Draco gulped. This was turning out to be the strangest year of his life. Even stranger than living with the Dark Lord.

"Well," he said, "how do you feel right now?"

She looked down at herself for a moment, obviously thinking, and Draco tried to read her magic to see for himself. He felt it moving and twisting, but it didn't seem overt in the way it lightly wrapped its way around the air between them. She shrugged and rubbed her chin again.

"I feel all right. Maybe it comes and goes in waves?"

"Maybe," he said. "I guess we'll just have to see."

Hermione sighed and then walked over to the bed, hopping into it still wearing her jumper and skirt.

"What even is a jaunt to you? A trip to France?"

"Why do you have to say it like that?" He hid a smile as he reached into his dresser and pulled out a shirt for her. It was white and much too big for the petite girl. "You sound so bitter. Jealous of my riche lifestyle, then?"

"Maybe." She was smiling as she sat up and accepted the shirt. She held it in her lap, and Draco wondered if the way she was twisting her fingers around the fabric was nervousness. He felt more curious about her emotions than ever before; could it be a part of the bond? "But answer the question, prat."

"Well, it wouldn't be France. I've already been there. I've been everywhere." He put his hands on his hips. "It would have to be somewhere different."

She looked down at the shirt with a soft, almost wistful smile on her face. Draco's eyes swept her new hair, the curls, the fringe. She was so sodding cute.

He wondered how cute she'd look when he was fucking her.

"I've never been outside of England, except to come here," she said. "I dream of seeing other countries on other continents. Maybe China. I want to see the Great Wall. I've read ancient Chinese wizards put special spells on the stones to ward off enemies. Did you know that?"

"No," he murmured, the corners of his lips tugging upward, "but I'm sure you're going to tell me."

She gave him a playfully stern look, still sitting there with the shirt in her lap. "I also want to see Athens. There's a shrine in wizarding Greece built to honor Andros the Invincible, and I'd absolutely die to see it. Did you -"

"I did not, in fact, know that one, either."

Hermione frowned, then perked up suddenly. "I've also yearned to visit Japan. I've read quite a bit about how the witches and wizards in Osaka find their familiars, and they have this really beautiful way of using magic to produce better, more full crops. Have you -"

"That one, I knew." He leaned forward a bit and chucked her under the chin. She blushed. "Get into your pyjamas, so we can go to bed."

She blinked owlishly up at him. "Right . . . Right here?"

He rolled his eyes. "Here, I'll turn around."

He made a show of slowly spinning around in a half-circle, his hands held out with a theatrical flourish. She made a scolding sound and then he heard the rustling of fabric. As he waited, he wondered to himself just how many other people in Hermione Granger's life knew the places she wanted to see, and how many of them cared. He was sure if any of them did, he cared more.

Draco was going to take her to China, Greece, Japan, and anywhere else she wanted to go.

"Granger?"

He had something he needed to say and he was going to say it now, before they woke up the next day and it was gone. Before the voice came back and told him to use her or hurt her or kill her again. Before the tiny semblance of normalcy that he'd managed to earn for himself shattered and began naught but scattered shards.

"Yes?"

Her voice was sweet. Sweet, tiny, and it made his veins sing for her blood.

"I think that I . . . When we were First Years, I think that I didn't hate you. Not really. I -"

"Oh, gosh, Draco!" she said with a gasp. "You don't have to -"

"Wait," he said firmly, insistently. He whirled around, seeing her sitting on her knees on the center of his bed, clad in naught but his tee shirt. His eyes swept her form, but he continued to speak. "Let me say this to you."

She opened her mouth, then seemed to think better of it. She gave a gentle nod.

Draco took a deep breath and said, "I don't think I hated you. I think that I, at first, thought that I hated who you were - that you were - that your blood was . . . I thought I hated who you were. But then, as I got older, I thought I hated that you represented what was wrong with my family. My father was -" He closed his eyes. It was right on the tip of his tongue, the truth of how his father had treated him and his mother, but it felt like everything he had to give her. He wasn't quite ready for everything yet. Not yet.

"Draco?"

He opened his eyes and though he had no tears, he knew she could see the anguish in them. The anguish he was currently feeling.

"After Third Year, I realized that what I really hated was the world. That no matter how fucked up things got, or would get, I'd come to Hogwarts and you'd be there, still yourself. Like nothing ever bothered you. And things bothered me."

She frowned, her brow furrowing, but Draco cut her off.

"I know things bothered you. I know you had things you had your own temper over. But I'm talking about me. It seemed like I never bothered you. And Merlin, did I fucking try to bother you." He breathed a mirthless laugh and found that he felt like his heart was being crushed from all sides. He looked down at the ground, felt inward to his magic. He couldn't tell who the emotional pain was coming from - her or himself. "You were always yourself, and I was always playing a role, and I hated you for that. It's why I was so good at pretending to be a Death Eater. Because I've been playing roles since I was a First Year. Pureblood, Malfoy, Death Eater. Always someone else. Never myself."

He stared at the ground. He could feel her emotions shoving his eyes downward, but he couldn't tell what they meant. He only knew how they felt.

They hurt.

"So I'm the one who's weak. You said out there that you were weak, but you're not. I am. I'm the weak one because in spite of how badly I just wanted to be friends with you and with Potter - in spite of how badly I just wanted someone to laugh with me the way you lot laughed together - I couldn't set down the mask long enough to let you guys see who I was. I was always putting on airs and - and trying to make myself into someone I wasn't."

Into the silence, he whispered, "I was a bully. I bullied you because I wanted you to feel as I did, and I bullied Potter because even though we had the same blood, he wasn't wearing masks and playing roles."

And then, just when he thought it was done, he felt his walls come tumbling down. He lifted his eyes from the ground and looked directly into her stricken face. There were tears in his eyes.

"Then, this year, you came along, determined to help me no matter what. You spoke for my father so my mother could have something to hold onto. You went to the dinner so I wouldn't have to face it alone. You helped me with my transformation even though I hurt you and have to keep hurting you, just to keep me alive. And now I've . . . I've realized that you're not only strong as fuck, but your determination is more pure than any Pureblood in this entire fucking castle."

He scoured his face with his hands, trying to clear it of stray tears, not knowing for certain if it was his own emotions he was enduring or hers. He didn't understand the bond, but he did understand how much he hated himself for sullying her. For ruining her.

Draco looked down at Hermione, at the tears streaming down her cheeks, and that impossibly overwhelmed look on her face. Hermione, the witch who had unwittingly become his the moment she clack-clacked her way down that Ministry hallway. Hermione, the witch who had seen the darkest sides of himself and still wanted to help him, when everyone else would rather see him suffer or die. Hermione, the witch he didn't deserve. He looked down at her and he realized that it went beyond looking at her and seeing her in front of his face. He could see right down into the center of who she was. He could see that her differences from him filled up his holes and made him whole. He could see more than just Hermione.

Draco could see them becoming more than just a situationship, more than predator and prey. He could see himself waking up to those curls every day, going to sleep with those curls every night, and feeling those curls between his fingers for the rest of his Merlin-damned life.

Seeing that just made it hurt even more, knowing that he would never be able to live with himself knowing that he mated with her. That he took those curls and tied them to himself so tightly that she'd never be able to get free. That he took those curls, took her, took Hermione, and darkened her until she was nothing but shadows.

"Fuck," he whispered brokenly, shaking his head slowly. A tear slipped down his cheek. They gazed at one another, and he wondered if she could feel how much he wanted to die.

He was falling for Hermione, from the height of the stars in the fucking sky, and he'd gladly burn on the way down if only the collision could create a Draco-shaped crater in her heart that he could fill with all the parts of himself that he wanted to give to her.

"I just feel like I can see you now," he said softly. "And I never want to look away again."

She laughed through her tears, wiping them with her hands, her precious hands. They kept coming. "You couldn't see me before? Was I invisible?"

"You were never invisible," he said, laughing, too. "I think you've always been visible to those who could see your worth. I think you were shining so brightly that I was attacking you because I could see it, even then. It was blinding me."

"And am I still blinding you?" Her voice quivered and her smile trembled.

He held her gaze for a long moment. Another set of tears fell from his eyes.

"I think I can see just fine."

She let out a sob, her hand clasping to a heart that Draco's magic could tell hurt. When she spoke, it sounded desperate. Like she had no one else but him, and his answer was the only thing holding her together.

"Can you see my worth now?"

He nodded, his lower lip trembling, and he placed his right knee on the bed. He would not look away. Even if she began to shine and his eyes melted out of his head, he would never look away. She was weeping.

"What am I worth?"

Draco placed his left knee on the mattress and then his hands reached for her face. He swiped her tears away with his thumbs and pulled her face closer to his. He let out a hoarse, dry sob, and gritted his teeth.

"Everything."

He kissed her with every last bit of himself that he had in his body. When he couldn't kiss her this shallowly for a second longer, he tilted his head to side and kissed her so deeply that his tongue dove to the depths of her and stole her air. And then he gave it back, along with all of the air he had in his lungs, so that she was completely full of what he felt for her. She tried to keep up, but she was no match for the astral collision that was Draco against her heart, and he filled the crater he left behind with ten years of apologies.

Even then, he still did not deserve her.

He pulled away, hearing her gasping and still sobbing, and then his lips were on the side of her neck. He kissed every inch of it, his tongue trailing stars and swirling galaxies in her flesh, and she moaned as though he were already inside of her. He wrapped his fingers around her short curls, massaging and twisting and pulling, because he couldn't drag enough of her shine inside of himself to chase away the darkness that clung to him. He needed her. He had always needed her, and if it weren't for the fact that she shone so much brighter than he ever would, he would slide deep inside of her and make her his mate.

For now, he would just give her what he could and hope that it would be enough to let her see how much she mattered to him.

"I'm going to give you whatever you want tonight," he whispered into her ear, reaching down for the backs of her thighs. His lips brushed her ear, garnering a small moan from her as he simultaneously pulled her onto his lap and twisted until he was sitting up with his back to his headboard. His hands slid along her legs, fingertips grazing the swell of her rear, and he felt the first rocking of her hips against his own.

"Draco," she sighed, her hands cupping his face and holding it to her neck. Her hips undulated like swaying waves and her head lolled backward to give him better access. "Draco, I want -"

"What do you want?"

She didn't have to say it. He could feel something shifting in the air, in her magic. It was heating up, awakening. Like a fire that was slowly growing. Her magic called for his, and he felt the burning reaching his loins.

Draco forced it back. He begged his wolf to help. He could not hurt her. He would not mate with her.

Suddenly, her hips ground down against his with a fervent need and she grabbed tightly to his jaw. Her lips crashed down upon his and the moment her tongue shoved its desperate way into his mouth, he felt their magicks mingling and imploding. He felt something inside of him give way and come crashing down, and then his hands were on the collar of her shirt. He ripped it open, tearing the cotton like paper, and covered her bare breasts with his palms. They were so soft, just like the rest of her, and she looked down at him with hooded eyes.

The moment her hands covered his and forced him to caress her, he snapped.

"Salazar," he snarled, trying his hardest to keep his claws from elongating and piercing her skin. He ripped his hands away from her skin and gripped her hips so tight that he felt her flesh give. He pulled her firmly against himself, and imagined what it would be like to slam himself inside of her to the hilt. "Fuck! I want to fuck you!"

Hermione didn't seem to be in the castle anymore, let alone his dorm room. Her eyes were rolling back into her head, her hips rutting firmly against his, and his fingers tweaking her own breasts.

"Draco, please," she whined. "It's so - it's hot. I'm too hot."

Draco consciously didn't understand what she meant, but when he reached out with his magic, he felt her answering with such a wild abundance of distress that his wolf began to panic and pace anxiously. She was in anguish. She hurt. He needed to take care of her.

His fingers pulled aside the front of her knickers without asking and his fingers slipped inside of her. She let out a sob. Her eyes flew open and he saw her pupils dilating as he began to rub her arousal in gentle, barely-there circles around her pearl. She cupped her breasts with her small hands and squeezed, her upper body leaning forward so she could use her thighs to lift herself up and down.

"Oh, please. Oh, please," she whined repeatedly, as if she were terrified that he was going to stop. He'd never seen her this way, so wanton, and he knew it had something to do with the bond. He just didn't care. He wanted to memorize this and lock it away forever, until he withered and died.

"I want you to fuck my fingers again, Hermione."

"The magic - the bonding -"

"We'll trick it," he growled. "We'll trick it, like last time."

His fingers slipped inside of her body, and he could see the thoughts spinning away from her mind. She threw her head back and her hips jerked forward. Draco thought it was the sexiest, most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He slammed his fingers in and out, in and out, setting an almost punishing pace for someone so petite, and she practically screamed. Her fingernails dug into his chest like claws. He was so hard he could barely breathe.

"Oh, you're such a good girl," he groaned. "I'm gonna make you come so hard you can't walk straight."

"I'm so good," she whimpered on a breath, and the expression of near-torment on her face was everything Draco needed to survive.

"I know you are," he cooed. He could feel her thighs shaking. "Tell me who you're good for."

"You, oh, you," she keened, and Draco couldn't hold back anymore. He couldn't wait any longer. He wanted to see her come, wanted to see the stars in her eyes when her walls fluttered around his fingers.

He sat up, wrapped his other hand around her neck, and squeezed, pulling her forward until her cheek was against his. He curved his fingers inside of her and pressed a spot behind her pelvis that had her entire body quivering violently. He let go of her throat, dropped his other hand to massage her pearl, and then lavished enough attention to her pulse that his fangs presented themselves.

Hermione let out a wailing moan and words that were nearly unintelligible fell from her lips, right into his waiting ears. He never slowed down, and he ran his tongue along the part of her neck that his magic was begging him to bite.

"Oh, Gods, Draco," she sobbed. "I'm sorry. I'm going t-to -"

Draco felt his skin tingling and sparking. "Yes, love. It's all right."

"Please let me," she was whining. "Please, Draco, please."

"It's all right, Hermione," he whispered soothingly into her ear, feeling the desperation in her magic. He could feel every part of her - every part of the plea within her magical core. Then, upon further probing of his magic into the bond, he felt it.

Her magic was telling her she couldn't come without him.

As he was processing this revelation, he felt hot tears hitting his collarbone. Panic bloomed in his chest.

She was crying.

"Draco," she wailed, her hips angling her core more firmly against his wet fingers. "Please, please let me come. I'm s-so sorry. Please let me come."

Draco thought he might lose his mind.

"You can come now, little witch," he said with as much reverence and command to his tone as he could manage. "Come for me now. It's all right."

His fingers swirled around her pearl one final time and then she went rigid, her moans of bliss caressing his ears like a melodious song. It was so sweet, as sweet as her, and Draco's magic was going absolutely barmy.

He wanted to fuck her. He was going to fuck her. There was absolutely nothing that could stop him at this point.

Something inside of him was telling him to do it. Something he was powerless to. He felt dismay as his body reacted to the desire. He began to rock his hips upward. Hermione, whose body was still wracked with tremors, scrambled to unbutton his trousers. He allowed one claw to grow as she did so, and he used it to slice the sides of her knickers and pull them off.

"Off," he groaned, his hands shoving them downward. "I want them off."

Hermione panted for breath as she pushed down his trousers and pants, her eyes half-lidded with her lust as she pulled herself to wrap her arms around his neck tightly. Her legs spread lewdly wide over his length, and Draco frantically reached between them to push it flat against his pelvis and lower abdomen. He was losing it. He was going to fucking lose it, and she had already lost it. He could tell by her magic that she was floating listlessly in fire, drowning in flames. His hands moved to her hips, his thumbs pressing into the dips of her pelvis.

He had to be stronger than this. He couldn't ruin her life. He had to keep it together.

"Not inside," he moaned as he crushed her against him. "Outside. Just . . . Outside . . . Ohhh, fuuuck."

Her hips began to rut, the velvet of her flesh sliding along him, her fingers tugging at his hair. Her soft curls tickled his face as she slid back and forth. He was seeing white behind his closed eyelids. It was so hot in the room, she was so wet, and it felt phenomenal. His magic was going haywire, just like the last time they'd tricked the bond, and it was so hard for him not to drive up inside of her every time the head of him brushed against her.

"Draco," she choked out against his neck. "Please, I -"

Draco nodded in a frenzied manner. "Yes. Do it. Come for me."

And the moment she did, her body driving down hard against him, he felt his magic swelling and the floodgates inside of himself opened wide. He came seconds after she did, falling from the sky and painting their skin between them in white. Both of their bodies shivered together, as though they were both cold as ice, and Draco felt both of their magicks beginning to settle.

Hermione turned and sagged against him.

"Something is definitely wrong," she said, panting heavily. She was still twitching in the aftermath of her orgasm and her head felt heavy on his chest, her curls soft as the back of her head settled on his skin. "It felt like I was boiling alive, like my magic believed that I could do nothing except please you. We need to do research. We can't trick the bonding magic again. For all we know, it could be making things worse."

Draco looked down at her with narrowed eyes, his hand curving underneath her jaw and tilting her face upward to look at him.

"Is that always your answer?"

She grinned. "Yes."

"All right," he sighed dramatically and let her chin go. "Then I suppose it's off to the Library for the 35th time this week."

She sat up, her hair a disaster about her head and her breasts looking swollen from his teeth. She brushed her fringe out of her eyes.

"Draco, I want you to know that if it comes down to it, I will mate with you," she said, "and we absolutely cannot trick the bond again. We need to be more careful."

He gazed up at her, his eyes flitting back and forth between all of her features. Her heart-shaped face and dark brows and big honey-brown eyes. He reached out with his magic and felt hers.

She was so happy it chased away the despair in his heart long enough for him to give her the answer she wanted for now.

"I understand."

"That was too . . . Close," she breathed. "You almost - we almost . . . We just need to be more careful if we're going to be a . . ."

"A we?" Draco's fingers skimmed her bare thigh and she shuddered.

"Yes," she huffed. "If we're going to be a we, then we need to mutually agree to more research. I think something was holding you - no. Keeping you back. Keeping you from - from doing it. That shouldn't be happening, not with how strong Veela mating magic is. I need to owl Fleur as soon as possible, and research is a must."

"I thought you already owled her?"

"No." She looked sheepish. "I chickened out."

Faintly recognizing the Muggle phrase from when she'd explained it to him, he nodded. "We'll take it one bludger at a time, then. Come, let's sleep."

She nodded and then collapsed beside him, both of them completely nude. Draco tiredly grabbed his wand from the bedside table and spelled the coverlet to slide over their skin, enveloping her body in warmth that his wolf naturally gave him. He wrapped his arm around the back of her head and trailed his fingers absentmindedly through her sweat-damp hair, thinking quietly to himself as he listened to her even breathing.

Nothing scared him more than losing her to his own darkness in the mating ritual, except one thing.

For the first time in days, the voice inside his head began to laugh a dark, sinister laugh. Then, it spoke.

Did you miss me?

O

"Vibe check!"

Draco glanced up from the book he was skimming, watching as Blaise hopped over the back of the common room couch and plopped down on it.

"What check?"

"Remember that thing Granger mentioned at the Manor? The Interwet. It's a Hell of a place."

"Okay. What does it mean?"

"It's like . . . Checking the mood. You know. Of the area." He wriggled his fingers. "So . . . Vibe check!"

Draco closed his book. He supposed it was best to just tell Blaise everything that had happened. He already knew everything else, and the common room was empty. "The vibe is not well, mate. I told Hermione that - essentially - I was falling for her like a Merlin-damned sap, and I bit her. So no, not well. Not well at all."

There was silence as Blaise stared at him. Draco could feel his skin prickling where his best mate's eyes landed and, when he could take the ogling no longer, he rolled his head lazily toward him.

"Can I assist you?" he drawled.

Blaise arched one eyebrow. "With many things actually, yes. First of all, that's not exactly what you're supposed to respond with. It's supposed to be something simple like, good vibes, bro or I'm feelin' some type of way, or whatever else Americans say. Second of all -"

"Why ask how someone is doing if you don't care to hear the answer?" Draco looked confused. "Why not just say nothing at all?"

Blaise shrugged. "Americans. They say things like, hey, it's the homie when they see their mates, so . . . I don't ask questions."

"The homie? And what is that supposed to mean? The friend?" Draco snapped his book shut. "What, do Americans only have one friend each?"

Blaise looked a bit helpless. "Mate, I've only been on the Interwet for like, a week! I haven't the slightest clue!"

Draco shook his head with an exasperated sigh and looked back down at his book, combing his fingers through his hair to remove it from his eyes. If there was one thing he understood less than Muggles, it was Americans. American Muggles, American witches and wizards - they were all the same. Weird, weird people.

Blaise said, "Well, in any case, moving on to my second point. You did what?"

Draco's fingers smoothed along the spine of his novel and he stared into the empty fireplace for a long moment. The self-hatred was starting to overwhelm him again, and he didn't want to let it get the best of him. Not when the voice was always there, lurking in the edges of his mind. But he couldn't stay silent, couldn't say nothing when his best mate was right here, waiting for him to pour his bloody heart out.

"For the record, I'm not a Hufflepuff," Draco growled, narrowing his eyes at Blaise.

Blaise held his hands up in a defensive motion. "Not a Hufflepuff. Got it."

"And I would never do this if it were any other situation."

"Never do it, any situation, you. Got it."

Draco sighed heavily, tilting his head back against the couch and sinking into the cushions. He stared at the vaulted stone ceilings while he spoke.

"You heard me correctly," he said slowly. "And yes, it fucking sucks. We were just talking, I don't know, and other stuff, and then it just happened."

"And other stuff?"

Draco closed his eyes. "I'm telling the story. Just . . . Let me tell it."

". . . You had stopped . . . Talking, but all right."

"Basically, it just happened, and now we are bonded or she is claimed, or whatever magical bullshit words she comes up with." Draco lifted his head from the pillow, slicing his hand through the air with finality. "Keep in mind, she goes to the Library 35 times a week."

"35 times, yep. Got it."

Draco raised his eyebrows. "35, Blaise."

"Yes, 35. So now what? You guys are wed?"

"No, Blaise, we are not wed." He rolled his eyes after mimicking his friend's voice. "But we are connected - and bro? Why would I call you my brother? I'm an only child. And why on Earth would I say something a Muggle would say? Have you forgotten who I am?"

"No, and I'm sure you'll be telling your father all about it."

"Shut up, Blaise. What Muggles are you spending time with that are teaching you imbibement checks?"

"Vibe checks, you dumbarse. And Potter, actually." He raised one finger. "Um, so back to the fact that you bit her? What does that even mean?"

"Well, Blaise, it's what happens when you eat."

"I'll hex you," he warned, then punched Draco lightly in the arm. "I'm being serious. What does it mean for the two of you, and what does it mean for you?"

Draco sighed again. He hadn't thought that far yet. He didn't know what it meant. He just knew that he was falling for Hermione. That, and he would rather die than do what the bond wanted him to do. He knew what Blaise was really asking him to say, but he didn't know how to answer when he didn't have an answer. He wished he could just say, "Yes, Blaise, I'm going to do what it wants," but he couldn't. It would be selfish, and Draco was . . .

Very selfish.

He was selfish enough to not hurt her based purely upon the desire that he didn't want her to be hurt.

"I don't know, mate," he said honestly. "We have to do research. That's all she ever wants to do - research."

Blaise gave him a sympathetic look. "Have you ever thought about asking for help? Maybe from McGonagall, or Professor Weasley?"

Draco shot him a scathing look. "I just about died when Hermione insisted we tell Lovegood. You know the laws for werewolves, right? Veelas are one step above, but the laws still suck for both. And I am both. Which means the laws suck for me."

Blaise looked thoughtful. "Well, maybe there is one person we can get some information from. Remember when we talked about Haggerty Prim?" Draco perked up. "Yeah, well the bloke's at my house right now. And he wants to meet with you."

Draco sat up straight. "You didn't tell him what I was, did you?"

"No," Blaise said with widened eyes. "I just told him you were researching sorcery for your Eighth Year project, and you were interested in everything he had to know about the topic."

Relieved, Draco rubbed his chin with his hand. "All right. So when can I meet him? Can I take a portkey?"

"You'll be in Denmark for Christmas, yeah? Write to your mother and ask if she can arrange for one, and tell her you'll tell her the date later. I'll write to my father and ask him when they're available."

Draco smirked. "It'll have to be sometime between snacks, yeah?"

"Naturally." Blaise grinned, and then he cast his eyes about. "What are you doing here, though?"

"What are you doing here?"

"I came to find you! It's lunch. And where's Hermione?" It was Blaise's turn to smirk, which he did with a gleeful look in his eyes.

Draco felt his hackles raise, like he'd released too much information, even to his best mate. "Granger is at lunch, I assume. She wasn't there when I woke up, and she's been avoiding me all day." He then grumbled under his breath, "Trust me. I would know. I can sense her magic even from where I'm sitting."

"Is she . . . Not happy with the turn of events?"

"Not unhappy, but not happy." He pursed his lips. "She was . . . Emotional. We were emotional. It was all rather . . . For lack of a better word, Hufflepuff."

Blaise rested his elbow on his thigh and chin in his palm, and then he sighed in a mock-dreamy manner. "It's rather refreshing, actually, to see you get so chuffed over a bird. I don't think you liked Pansy half as much."

"Ugh, Pansy. Don't talk about Pansy."

Blaise chuckled. "Right. Well, in any case, I'm sure she's just frightened. It's obvious you are. I really think you guys need some help. Maybe if you weren't such a prat, you'd have a larger group of friends to ask."

Draco glared at him. "I've got you, and I've got her. Maybe I should ask Potter to join the group?"

Blaise rolled his eyes. "Yeah, even I can see that that's not a good idea. It's probably better for you to just wait and see what happens with Prim, then."

"Yeah."

The two friends fell silent for a moment, Draco looking at the floor and Blaise looking at the portrait entrance across the room. Draco didn't know what was going to happen with Haggerty Prim, but he did know that if the man did any sort of detection spell, he'd be able to see that there was something there inside his head. Maybe not a demon, but it was something.

Draco supposed he didn't only have Blaise and Hermione.

"Well, I'll see you in class, then," Blaise said, standing up. "I've got to go meet Daphne."

"Daphne?" Draco frowned, already in the process of re-opening his novel. "Why would you need to meet with her?"

Blaise gave him a flat-lipped look. "She may not be friendly with our little Gryffindor swot, but she is still my friend. She just broke off with some bloke and needs a shoulder."

"Bloke? What bloke?" Draco couldn't remember having ever seen her with a boy, but he knew she was pretty enough. It was likely she had some Slytherin wrapped around her finger and then dropped him when she was done with him. She was like Pansy that way - ruthless when she wanted to be, and loving when she didn't have to be.

"I haven't a clue," Blaise said with a shrug. "Our job as men is not to question."

"Ooh, d'you fancy her?"

"Of course not, she's like my sister, mate. She just wants to talk and have a cry, probably. I'll see you?'

Draco waved a dismissive hand. "Out of my dramatic Malfoy sight."

Blaise scoffed. "Cheers, mate."

Draco hid a smile as his friend walked off, and then he refocused on his book. It was weird. Even though things were worrisome with the fact that he'd bitten Hermione, as well as with his hidden status as a magical creature, he actually felt . . . All right. Which was saying something for him, since he spent most of his time self-destructing and wishing he was dead.

You could always kill yourself.

No, that was out of the question now. Now that he and Hermione were bonded, their magical cores essentially waiting in line to mate, he couldn't die or let himself get hurt. If he died, she did.

Draco stared at his book without reading the words. He was stupid for allowing himself to get so overemotional in the rain last night. He was stupid for letting go of his self-control and finally just doing what he wanted to do to her for even just a moment. He was stupid for biting her, for hurting her and making her future a nightmare.

Not stupid. But definitely not smart.

He sighed. Yes, it definitely wasn't smart. He'd taken her entire life into his hands with one errant move, and now she was going to suffer. He couldn't mate with her because he was a blemish in the fabric of space and time; how could he be expected to knowingly destroy her future all to save his worthless life?

How are you going to keep her alive without fucking her? You die, she dies. There's no getting around it. You, Draco, are dumb as fuck, but you're not stupid. Stop caring. Mate with her.

Stop caring. Could it really be that simple? To stop caring and just go back to putting himself ahead of all other things. To take away her promising future and put the dark tint of Malfoy upon the Granger name. To save his own life and reap the benefits of fucking her for the rest of his -

Wait. What?

Stop caring?

That was the old Draco.

Draco's head shot up and looked around wildly for the source of the words that had been spoken, as if he didn't already know it had been the voice in his head.

Can't you smell her? Oh. That's right.

The voice rang out in his head one final time and then, like a veil from a bride, a barrier that Draco hadn't realized was there was ripped away from his magical core. Pain reverberated through his body and he hunched forward on the couch with his face buried in his hands.

And then her scent hit his nostrils, all the way from the Great Hall, and it was moving down to the dungeons for Advanced Potions. It wasn't her perfume. It was her own pain. Her anguish and torment. Her desperation. Her shame.

Her arousal.

Draco panicked. He needed to go to her and take care of her. She needed him. Why was she avoiding him? Why was she intentionally putting herself in this position? He wondered if that was why she had left before he woke that morning. Because her body was going nuts, her magic barmy. Was this what she meant when she told him "I'm too hot?"

Draco felt the barrier slam back up, like a lid over the boiling pot of his magic. Even the wolf went silent. Draco felt like he could breathe again, and Hermione's scent was gone. Erased.

But he wasn't alone.

The voice whispered to him.

You need me.



 

Invisible


Had Enough - Don Toliver ft. Quavo, Slouch by Dance Gavin Dance, North$ide by Destiny Rogers, and Block Out the Noise by Jonny Craig

Draco POV

Draco walked to class so fast that he nearly outed himself as a werewolf-Veela-whatever-the-fuck to a couple of First Year witches that were skipping up from the Slytherin common room. He forced himself to slow down, his heart racing in his chest as he trotted down the stairs to the corridor.

He couldn't believe it. Hermione's random theory had been correct. He'd thought she was mad with the idea, but she was right. She was always right. He didn't know if it was a demon, but he knew something had taken up residence inside of him. Something that had the power to hold back his raging desire to mate with Hermione. Even to hold back the ire of his wolf.

What kind of creature had that power?

You need me, the voice had said.

In what way? Draco had thought back, no longer caring if it felt nuts to talk to himself.

I can keep you from tearing her clothes off and rutting her like a dog in heat in front of all your little friends. How's that work?

Draco hadn't said anything. It worked.

When he got to Potions, even the barrier wasn't enough to keep him from noticing Hermione's disposition. She was the only one in the room so far besides Slughorn, who was at the back of the room messing about with a millipede that didn't want to be boiled.

"Oh, hello, Mr. Malfoy," Slughorn sang with a wry grin. "Do make sure never to forget to stupefy your millipedes before you try to cut them up."

Draco's eyes never left Hermione's back at the front of the room, his hand pushing through his hair as he replied.

"Professor, surely you already knew that?"

"I did," he responded. "But I'm afraid I am old, my dear boy, and my mind simply isn't what it used to be. I merely misplaced the order of my memories."

Draco peered at him. "Right . . ."

He strode forward with purpose towards his witch, who nearly leapt to the ceiling when he plopped down in the seat beside her. He faced her, placing a hand on the back of her seat, and then he studied the side of her face. She looked as white as a sheet. His knee brushed her thigh through her robes.

"So, it comes and goes in waves, then?" He murmured.

She let out a tiny squeak and ducked her head down. Draco looked at her lap, seeing her hands gripping fabric with pale knuckles. "Please . . . Don't talk like that."

"Like what?"

She turned her face away, lifting her left shoulder up as if hunching away from him. "In that tone. So gravelly. Stop."

He narrowed his eyes in confusion. He was using his normal voice, wasn't he?

"What are you - ?"

"Malfoy?"

Draco and Hermione both turned to look at Potter, who stood there with a suspicious look on his face. He was eyeing Draco's hand on Hermione's chair from behind his horn-rimmed glasses. Draco, who was beyond confused and worried for Hermione, and who could feel her turmoil like a raging firestorm in his magic, shot him an annoyed look.

"That has been my name for the past nineteen years, Potty. Congratulations. O for perfect memory."

"Draco," Hermione hissed.

Potter rolled his eyes and then dropped his satchel with a plop on the other side of Draco's seat. "We both know you'd be a horrid professor, Malfoy. You'd be sleeping in the middle of your own lecture and awarding points to Slytherins for breathing."

"Don't forget taking points away from Gryffindors just because," Draco said with a smirk. He turned back to Hermione, who seemed to have gotten paler in the last few moments. Behind her, he saw students filing in, giving him perturbed looks, likely due to the fact that he was sitting in-between the Golden Boy and the Golden Girl.

"This is just an ongoing nightmare," Potter was muttering as he pulled out parchment and quill. He continued to shake his head. "I'll wake up, and it'll be Ron sitting beside me. And it'll be Fifth Year. Wands-down, that was my best year. Got my first snog, and it was ace. Ran a club. Malfoy, were you - were you in our club?"

Draco glowered at him, his hands tightening around the back of Hermione's seat. "No. Unfortunately, I was excluded, and had I not -"

"Draco!" Hermione's voice sounded needling, but it lacked its usual fire.

Draco was still seething towards Potter. "- been excluded, then perhaps I wouldn't have felt the need to involve Umbridge in my knowledge of your potential activities."

Potter smirked. "So for you, Fifth Year was the year you got a stick up your arse because you had suddenly decided to try and play for the right Quidditch team?"

Draco could feel himself losing his temper, regardless of the barrier the creature had pulled up for him. He wanted to hurt Scarhead. He wanted to make him suffer. He wanted him to feel pain.

The voice inside Draco's head cackled.

"Sure. But Sixth Year. That was my year." Draco turned to face him fully, casually laying his hand on the back of Potter's chair instead. "D'you recall? I accomplished complicated cursebreaking on my own, shagged a couple times in the Room of Requirement . . . I did something else that year -"

"Draco!" Hermione sounded horrified, but her words fell upon deaf ears.

Draco wasn't here anymore.

"I asked you," he said slowly to the trembling, ashen-faced Potter, "Do you . . . Recall?"

Potter slowly turned to face him, and Draco felt the point of his wand digging into the lower part of his sternum. "I recall. I also recall that I killed your Dark Lord. Do you recall that, Malfoy? I recall despising you. I've never stopped despising you. I don't know what's going on between you and Hermione, but I will never stop watching to see if you hurt her."

Draco held his gaze coolly. There was something they could agree on. Because if Draco ever found himself hurting Hermione, he would find a way to kill himself without hurting her, and he would slit his own throat.

"Draco." Her voice had calmed, which was odd, and when he turned to look at her, she was finally looking back at him.

The moment their eyes met, she either pushed her magic towards him on purpose, or it was so strong that he felt it. She was in agony. His eyes dropped down to her neck, seeing that she was flushed red on the skin about her collared shirt, and when his eyes dropped further, he saw that she was squirming slightly in her seat. He felt a surge of anxiety in his chest and, Potter forgotten, he turned away from the wizard's wand and faced Hermione again.

"What is it?" he murmured, his head ducking down to lock eyes with her. His hand went to the back of her chair again. He knew people were probably watching them, as it definitely looked like an intimate conversation, but he didn't care. His magic was spinning wildly, telling him his witch was in pain, and he was the only person who could fix it. "Is it a burning pain, or a stabbing pain?"

She opened her mouth and took a deep breath, then let out the smallest of whimpers. She squeezed her eyes shut, hands still fisted in her robes. Ahead of them, Slughorn was bustling about, preparing to start a long-winded - Draco assumed - lecture on the properties and uses of kelpie scales in potions.

"Burns," she whispered. "Everything burns. L-Like I'm on . . . Like I'm on f-fire."

"How can I help?" He felt like he was going to go mental, and he reached for her. He could feel his need beginning to grow, like last night, thrumming beneath the surface of his skin. He felt his panic increase - what if the magic took over? What if it was like they were animals? What if he attacked her in class, or she launched herself at him over a damn cauldron?

The voice said nothing, but Draco knew it was there. Whatever it was that was inside of him, Draco knew it would ensure that that didn't happen. The question was, why?

"I can't . . ." She gasped when his hand brushed her arm. He stared at the way her face went pale and eyes widened. She shook her head. "No, I can't do this."

"And you think I can?" he growled through gritted teeth.

He saw the growl ripple through her body. Her eyelids fluttered and she leaned against him, into the side of his chest. He stiffened and glanced to the left. Potter was jotting down the things Slughorn had begun to say, so at least he noticed. Who knew what the people behind them were thinking? He didn't really fancy seeing what Blaise thought, as it was likely insufferable, and he was sure the Weaselbee wasn't too brassed off. He seemed to be a lot less temperamental than he used to this year.

"I'm going to be s-sick," she whispered, and the desperation in her voice was undeniable. "I-It's too much."

Draco was freaking out internally. His hand lifted from the chair to comb through the hair at the back of her head knowing that everyone could see them from the back and not caring one iota. Her mouth fell open and her eyelids fluttered, and he felt her magic leaping with delight. When she opened her eyes again, the look in her eyes was eerily similar to the one she'd had last night when he was fucking her with his fingers. His brow furrowed.

"What, do you expect me to touch you under the table?"

"Something. Just . . . Something." She sounded almost delirious, her words descending from her lips where they begged to be plucked out of the air and consumed by him. He could sense her magic even more fervently now. It was overflowing, reaching for him.

"Fuck," he hissed, and he threw a glance over his shoulder. Everyone's heads were down, furiously writing to try and keep up with Slughorn's rambling. No one was looking at them, not even Blaise, and Slughorn was absorbed in writing on the chalkboard with his back to the room. He looked down at his witch again, her soft curls sliding through his fingers, and she looked unwell. Her hand landed heavily upon his thigh, squeezing his flesh so hard that it would have hurt if she had long fingernails.

"Please, Draco," she breathed, and her eyes seemed watery. "It. Hurts."

"You're mental! We are in class." He wasn't opposed to it, but she was Hermione Granger. Hermione was not the type of girl to do such things. Academia was sacred to her, he would have thought.

"I don't care!" she whispered, eyes wide. He felt a sudden anger coming from her magic, something raw and ravenous. Her voice was thick with emotion. "I don't care."

They were whispering frantically to one another, unaware that beside them, Harry was sending them surreptitious glances out of the corner of his eye.

"When we get out of class," he breathed into her ear before kissing the side of her head. He placed his hand on the back of her neck and she inhaled sharply. "I'll take you somewhere."

She whimpered, and Draco heard mental alarm bells. It was loud enough to be heard if anyone was trying to listen. The last thing he needed was Pothead thinking he was hurting her, and hexing his bollocks off.

"No more noises, you minx."

"I'm not a minx. I am in pain."

He ignored her and kept his hand on the back of her neck throughout the entire lecture.

When it was time to start working on the practice portion of the day, they were fortunate enough that Slughorn allowed them to choose their own partners.

"Hermione -" Harry started, but Draco shot him a deadpan look.

"Sorry, Harry," Hermione said a bit breathlessly. Draco could feel sweat beading on the back of her neck.

Harry looked disappointed and concerned, all at the same time, but Ron was standing beside his seat soon enough. He gave them all a small smile and then looked to Harry.

"Oh, all right," Harry grumbled, slamming his quill down. He gave Draco one last scathing glare, and then he followed a chuckling Ron to his table.

Draco went to get the cauldron and ingredients, giving Blaise a look as they passed each other at the cupboard, and then he hurried back to the front table. He set the items down, watching Hermione moving to stand beside him on the other side of the table with stilted movements. He felt her pain through the tendrils of her magic that crept toward him and he tried not to grimace. They faced the classroom, the chalkboard at their backs, and silently began to work.

Hermione looked faint.

Draco pulled out his wand and transfigured her a stool to sit on. She sat, giving him a grateful look, and winced. Draco clenched his teeth. This just wasn't going to work. He could smell her slick through the barrier the creature gave him, and he could feel her torment. She looked like she was on the verge of tears.

He made an executive decision.

"I think I'll sit, too," he said, and she barely looked up from measuring out her poison apple cores. He transfigured himself a stool as well. "Granger, are you wearing trousers?"

She pulled a face of bemusion as she continued her diligent work. "No. A skirt. Why?"

Draco picked up a metal spoon and dropped it onto the ground. Hermione shot him a strange look.

"I dropped my spoon," he said loudly, leaning down to grab it with his left hand. On his way back up, he transferred the utensil to his right hand. His left hand stayed under the table, shoving its way inside of her robes, gripping her core through her skirt and outside of her knickers. Her mouth fell open slightly in a gasp as he squeezed. Her knickers were soaked. "Close your mouth."

He could feel her thighs trembling, her magic screaming at him with anticipation. He perched on the stool and leaned toward her, trying to make it look like he was helping her with something. He felt her hips squirming again, and his eyebrows shot up even as he stared at the cauldron.

"Settle, witch," he said in a sing-song voice. "You look like you're about to have a conniption fit."

She closed her eyes and rocked her hips against his hand. She was so wet that his fingers nearly slipped past the barrier of her knickers. He tried not to choke on his air, drawing upon all of his strength and self-control to keep from bending her over the table. Then, he banished those thoughts and gripped her more firmly in warning.

"After class. Stop moving."

"All right, mate?" Blaise asked from the table across the way and one back. He raised an eyebrow and smirked. His partner, a Seventh Year girl, kept working.

"All right. You?"

"I'm fine. Are you fine?"

"Never better."

Beside him, Hermione was disobeying. While holding her upper body extremely still, she was grinding her hips against Draco's palm. Her magic swirled around him, swaddling him with warmth, showing him without words that she needed more. He turned to look at her, seeing that her hands were flat on the table and she looked extremely worried. She was chewing her lower lip, her brows had knitted together, and her chest was rising and falling heavier than usual.

"Stop," Draco growled through his teeth, hardly moving his lips.

"I can't," she squeaked out in return, keeping her face turned towards the cauldron as she dropped more ingredients into the bubbling blue mixture.

"Is Hermione okay?" Potter asked from the table behind theirs, sounding worried. "She looks . . . Flushed. And rigid."

"More rigid than usual?" Draco looked to Hermione, who glared ferociously as the next round of ingredients. His fingers were massaging her pearl now, and the cotton of her knickers was warm and wet with her arousal "Your Potter's worried about you."

"I-I'm f-fine, Harry," she said, her voice thin and reedy.

Potter started to walk around the table, towards theirs at the front of the room. "Are you sure?"

Draco couldn't resist. It was either his magic or his own mischievousness, but he just couldn't resist.

"Yes!" she practically screamed as Draco pushed his fingers past her knickers and slipped them inside of her body. It took everything he had in his strength to keep from moaning at the feeling of how wet she was. She was drumming her fingers on the tabletop. "Yes, I'm . . . Okay."

Draco pleasured her for as long as he could before Slughorn started to wander over to the table. Draco hurriedly pulled his hand out of her body, knickers, and skirt. Slughorn paused in front of them, his eyes darting back and forth from Draco's smirking face and Hermione.

Casually, Draco lifted his hand to his lips and tasted her essence, right in front of the professor. She tasted heavenly, and Draco felt his magic launching outward in every direction. It was a wonder no one could feel it charging through the air.

Hermione stared at him in horror.

"You're not eating the slug slime, are you, Mr. Malfoy?" Professor Slughorn looked concerned.

"No, sir. I spilled the honey." His eyes flitted to Hermione's, and his smirk deepened. "I couldn't resist tasting it."

"I have to use the loo," Hermione suddenly said in a small, frenzied voice. And then she was gone, scampering out of the room.

Draco looked at Blaise as Slughorn moved to Potter's table.

"Nasty," Blaise whisper-shouted with a wicked grin.

Draco merely smirked again, and then set to finishing the potion. By the time Hermione returned, she looked a bit green in the face. He raised an eyebrow as she came back over. She stood beside him, slightly behind him where he sat, one of her knuckles rubbing her eye almost shyly. She looked extremely unlike herself. Students were eyeing them, including a very perturbed Potter, and Draco turned slightly to look down at her.

"Did you . . . ?"

She shook her head, and her short curls bounced around her head. Her hand remained near her eye. It looked like she was near tears. "There were a bunch of Fourth Years skiving off class in there. Last thing I need is - is them thinking I'm some bizarre - some weird witch."

As he gazed down at her, at the way she looked at his chest instead of his eyes and the way she kept shuffling from one foot to the other, he realized that his tomfoolery wasn't helping anything. Draco felt his self-hatred trickling back in like a tiny stream of water between two mountains. She was in pain, it was his fault, and he'd been messing around, risking mortifying her just to have a laugh like a Fifth Year teenaged boy.

She needed him to comfort her, to care for her, and he'd just tried to have a laugh.

Draco tapped the fore and middle fingers of his right hand against her forehead through her fringe, right in full view of the classmates who were watching.

"Oi," he said, drawing her eyes. "Does it hurt too terribly?"

"It feels like I'm on fire," she said. "Like my entire body is on fire. And my stomach hurts - like it's twisting, or something. But I'm of conscious mind. What you - what you did only helped a little. But I need to . . ." She looked away, her cheeks burning bright red.

"I know what you need, little witch," he said soothingly, and his hand moved to take her chin. Her eyes darted to the side nervously, but Draco didn't care about the murmurs and whispers of shock. "After class, we'll go somewhere."

"Thank you," she said with a smile, sounding relieved.

They finished their potion, Hermione seeming a bit less stressed than before. Draco could still feel her magic, could still feel that she was in pain, but it didn't seem to be weighed down so heavily with helplessness. Draco tried not to focus on the fact that they were going to wander off together after class, focusing instead on keeping his eyes on Hermione.

She continued to smile to herself as she finished the potion herself. Draco leaned on the table on one elbow, his head tilting back as he looked up at her and watched her. Her smile brightened as she caught sight of him watching her.

"Why are you being so dodgy?" She stirred the cauldron.

"Dodgy?" He pursed his lips, giving her a reproachful onceover. "This is what I get for keeping my eye on you."

"Your eye on me?" She gave an incredulous laugh. "I don't need anyone to keep their eye on me, Draco."

"You could be attacked," he said, gazing down at his nails.

"Attacked. In Potions."

"You were attacked in the owlery."

"A case you have yet to solve, by the way."

He eyed her. "I've been a bit busy."

"Yes, watching to ensure I'm not crucioed in Advanced Potions." She sounded sarcastic.

"You never know. There's a Seventh Year back there, giving you the evil eye. Perhaps I should go speak with him."

"You're being dramatic."

Draco grinned. "That's my real name, actually. Ask Blaise."

"Oh, I don't need to ask Blaise to know you're dramatic."

Then, as the words they'd spoken settled in, Draco passed a hand over his face to try and hold back his laughter. She looked at him sternly.

"What's so funny?"

". . . Crucioed in Advanced Potions."

They looked at each other then, and it was the strangest thing. She grinned like a madwoman, then began to laugh, and it infected Draco and caused him to laugh, and then the two of them were laughing so hard that everyone in the room was staring at them. Draco, who was still leaning on one elbow, reached out and caressed her hip in a random show of affection that even he didn't understand, his laughter fading into a faint smile. He saw her cheeks redden.

"You're rather showy today," she said quietly, her hands on the table in front of her. "Why?"

"No reason," he said in a low voice. "Just feeling like a mug today."

"The only mug here is me," she said, her eyebrows animated as she performed the last incantation on the potion. "For letting you trick me into thinking you actually fancy me."

"I do fancy you," he said, his hand slipping around to her lower back as he glanced down into the cauldron. "In fact, I'd very much like to snog you. Right in front of all of these children."

She was blushing, but she gave him a reprimanding look. Then, she began rambling, not looking him in the eye as she spoke. "You shouldn't throw things like that around lightly. We don't even know if the things you feel are related to your species, or if they're how you really feel. What we do know is before you were infected, you called me a chavvy little Mudblood right here in this room, so we have to be careful."

What? How had they gotten 3 steps forwards and 45 steps back in a matter of one night? Draco felt her words slicing through to the core of him, and though he wanted to see logic behind it all, it was difficult. What was yesterday? And last night? All the things he'd admitted and said? Did she hear them and think he was lying?

He reached out with his magic, even though he was so hurt, and was surprised to find a deep wealth of insecurity running through her body. It seemed so unlike her, yet it was entwined so deeply within the roots of her magical core that it was undeniable.

Though he was still miffed, Draco knew he was going to have to try harder to get her to see that it was real. What he felt was real. It felt so real to him that he'd done things for her before Crabbe scratched him. Hell, Crabbe had scratched him while Draco was in the process of trying to find out who attacked her in the owlery! Yes, he would have to try again, and try harder.

Hermione raised her hand to get Slughorn's attention, before Draco could respond and tell her he did, in fact, actually fancy her. The potion was complete.

"Excellent work, Miss Granger," Slughorn said, his eyes twinkling at Hermione. Then, he gave Draco a sour look. "And a T for the day, Mr. Malfoy."

Hermione burst out laughing - apparently not having realized how much her rambling speech had wounded him - which went unnoticed by Slughorn, and Draco glowered at her. Then, he sat up straight.

"May I ask why, Professor?"

"You ate the classwork, Mr, Malfoy," Slughorn said with a sniff. "And that just won't do."

With that, he turned and marched to the next partner pair with completed work.

Draco, who was fuming, struggled not to let his anger overwhelm him. Potter was giving him a smug look, and Draco desperately wanted to whip out his wand and jinx him for it. Draco knew he had worked on the majority of that potion, and he didn't deserve a T.

Behind him, Hermione's laughter was grating on his nerves. He felt the barrier starting to come down, and he didn't know if it was because of the creature inside of his head, or because his wolf was taking over. Before he could stop himself, he snapped at her.

"Oh, come off it, Granger. Just because you've never received anything less than an E, doesn't mean you can have yourself a fucking laugh."

He regretted it the moment he said it.

She stared at him in shock, her jaw dropping as she processed what he had said. Her magic shrunk away from him faster than his could hold onto it, and then he saw her chin begin to tremble. She looked devastated, completely unlike the Hermione Granger who had fought the war and won. Draco's magic sprung out toward her, trying to figure out what was wrong, leaving him even more perplexed.

"It's the bond, I think," she said in a tremulous voice, her eyes filling with tears. "It's telling me I'm not pleasing you. It's telling me I'm bad."

Draco stood up with lightning speed, grabbing her hand and dragging her towards the door. Potter, the Weaselbee, and Slughorn all called after them, Potter having realized Hermione had large tears rolling down her cheeks as she struggled not to sob. Draco cursed and yanked her in front of him when they were inches away from the door, wrapping and arm around her waist as they stumbled out of the classroom. He didn't care who saw.

She was his, she needed him, and it was all his fault.

"Don't cry," he said when they were in the corridor, a few meters away from the door. He held her face between his hands, dropping frantic kisses to her pouting lips. "Don't cry. I'm not angry. I just lashed out."

"Am I bad?" she whimpered, her pupils dilated and eyes wild. It was like it wasn't even her. It wasn't even Hermione.

He shook his head, panic and magic clouding all rational thought. He walked her backwards until her back hit the far wall, and then he was kissing her deep enough to steal her breath away. He kept tight hold of her face, mumbling of course not into her mouth until her tongue swept tentatively through his own. The moment it did, he felt the barrier trembling and his magic seeping through to wind its way tightly around her own.

"Am I?" she kept repeating, her magic shaking violently with despair. "Am I bad?"

"You're good. You're so good," he whispered desperately, and then his hands moved away from her face. He placed one hand on the wall beside her head and the other one into her robes, on her hip, pulling it away from the wall and against his own as he swayed to the sensual rhythm of their tongues' dancing. He could feel his control slipping, the barrier pulling away from his magical core a bit further, and he groaned against her lips.

Hermione's fingers slipped through his hair, using it as an anchor as she pulled herself onto her toes and kissed him back with more need than he expected her to. His fingernails scraped against the wall, claws gouging shallow furrows into the stone that would always be there, forever a reminder for the youth of tomorrow of the salaciousness of their snogging. The door to the classroom was right behind them, across the hall. The thrill of it threaded through Draco's body, just as he could feel it threading through her magic.

Her lips tore away from his and her hands yanked his head down. She tilted her head to the side, pushing it against his throat, a low moan leaving her lips. He immediately kissed her skin, his tongue laving against her pounding pulse, and he felt her entire body shivering in response. She moaned again, and then she began to whisper things into his ear that had no business being spoken in the hallway outside of a school classroom.

"Draco, please. Please. I need to come. I need it. It hurts so badly."

And she kept saying those things, kept whimpering them into his ear as she repeatedly tugged at his hair. Even as his hand left her hip and slid up the hem of her uniform vest and shirt, feeling her heated skin, she continued to plead with him. He felt all of the blood rushing through his body, straight to his -

"Miss Granger?! Mr. Malfoy?! What in Merlin's beard are you doing?"

Draco froze and for a moment, his wolf shoved aside the barrier and jumped forward. He whirled around, shoving the panicked, wide-eyed Hermione behind his body. When he saw that it was just Professor Slughorn, he relaxed infinitesimally, the wolf skulking backward. He kept his hand behind him, laid against her waist. He could feel her embarrassment poisoning her magic, making it almost impossible for Draco to feel anything else.

"I do not want to hear an explanation," Slughorn said, throwing his hands up and turning to go back into the classroom. He couldn't even look the two of them in the eye. "It's detention for the both of you, starting after Winter Break. And I don't want to hear a word about it! Back inside to class, this instant!"

Hermione screamed as soon as the door swung shut. "Detention?! I'm me! I don't get detention!"

Draco turned and looked at her with one eyebrow up. "Are you forgetting First Year?"

She ignored him and tangled her fingers in her hair. She stamped her foot and he felt her magic starting to seep out towards him again.

"What the fuck is going on?"

Draco couldn't help it. She was like a little bombarda spell. He laughed heartily, holding his stomach as he let the mirth take over.

"Oh, my Merlin," Hermione squeaked out, and she peeked up at him through her fingers. "I'm mortified."

Draco gathered the very confused, shaken Hermione up into his arms, his back hunching over her almost protectively and lips dropping to kiss her cheek. She hooked her arms underneath his, clutching the fabric at the back of his blazer, and then she buried her face in his chest. Draco held her for a moment, because he realized he never really had, and he tried to bury down the hurt he'd felt earlier at her words. Because it was his fault she felt like she couldn't trust the things he said, and it was his fault that she thought he didn't want to mate with her because she was Muggle-born.

He'd already told her that that wasn't true, but her insecurities ran so deep that she didn't believe him. He needed to find a way to show her.

"Skive off next class?" he whispered into her ear.

"Please."

"You'll skive off class to get off, but you don't get detention? Something is a little wrong there."

"Silence, prat."

Walking back into the room wasn't exactly a flight in the Pitch. Potter was glaring at him with suspicion, and all of the students in the room were watching them openly. Draco couldn't stop himself from keeping his hand on her lower back as they walked back to their table, and then when they were seated, his hand went directly to the back of her chair.

"Everyone else is still working," she whispered. "Should we just make something else?"

"No," he said, his eyes glued to her lips. His head felt fuzzy. "We can just sit. I already have a T, and we both have detention."

"It looks strange for us to be sitting here, doing nothing."

"I don't care," he growled, and he saw her back go rigid.

She gazed up into his eyes. "Then we sit."

And then he leaned in and, without giving a flying Snitch what anyone in the class thought, he kissed her square on the lips. He kissed her because he felt sorry for snapping at her, now that he knew the bond would make her fall apart if he did. He kissed her because he was falling for her. He kissed her because she was his. He kissed her because it was the first of many steps he was going to take to make her see that it was real for him.

Several gasps of astonishment erupted around the room, someone dropped a glass jar, and Potter's exclamation of, "What the actual fuck?" was the highlight of Draco's day.

It was a wonder Slughorn didn't send them both straight to McGonagall.

After class, Draco leaned against the wall outside the room.

Hermione was currently arguing with Potter in the hallway, and Draco could tell that it wasn't going well. He'd decided to linger nearby, listening with his arms crossed, just in case she got upset. Her magic was all over the place, rife with sadness, hurt, and anxiety, and Draco's magic was telling him that it didn't matter how this looked: he needed to be near her at all times to ensure that she was all right.

"I'm just trying to figure out when it was that you went completely mental!" Scarhead was shouting. "I had no idea this was going on between you two, that it had gotten to this point!"

"You knew we were spending time with one another," Hermione said, raising her voice slightly.

"Yes, but I didn't think it was that sort of time!" Potty threw his hands up.

Draco felt his anger starting to boil. The barrier was back up over his magical core, so he knew the anger was coming from his own heart. He wanted to walk over there and tear Potter's head off. If it weren't for the fact that the Golden Boy mattered to Hermione, Draco would.

"Harry, please." Hermione's voice sounded emotional.

Draco narrowed his eyes and pushed himself away from the wall, arms remaining crossed.

"I don't even know what to say, or how to look at you. You know what his father did during the war. You know what Lucius did to Ginny. I forgave you speaking for him at his trial, but this?" Pothead slashed his hand through the air. "I was barely managing you being friends with him, and when you let him touch your hair, I nearly lost it, but I hung in there. But this?"

"It's not -"

"You are shagging the enemy!" Potter roared. "Shagging him is like shagging Lucius Malfoy, and I know this year you've been different, but are you so different that you've become a slag for the side of dark?!"

Draco saw Hermione flinch, and he could feel her fear and hurt in her magic. The Revel was still fresh in her mind, he knew from her confessions last night, and he would not have anyone terrifying Hermione. Especially not Potter. Draco understood that he was her best friend, but he had never liked the way Potter had treated her this year, and this was no exception.

"I'm not a slag."

Potter's face fell for a moment. "I know. I didn't mean - I'm just angry." He frowned. "And I'm worried about your safety. You don't know how he was that night in the Astronomy Tower. He lowered his wand, but he made a choice."

Draco felt his hands trembling. Potter did know how he was that night, and so did Draco. Draco knew he was terrified out of his mind and he had no desire to end the life of his Headmaster, a man who had been nothing but kind to him. Draco hadn't had a choice. He'd lowered his wand because in the end, he'd made a choice.

The right one.

Why couldn't anyone see that?

"He's not his father!" Hermione cried. "You don't know him the way I do. You don't know what he's done for me."

"That's because you never tell me anything anymore!"

"Because you've spent this entire year ignoring me!"

Potter's next words echoed around the corridor as he shouted, and they caused Hermione's magic to spill out all over the floor and come crawling frantically toward Draco's.

"Because you insist on spending all of your time with that prat!"

Draco saw red. He flashed forward, not caring about hiding his status, and stopped right behind Hermione. She gasped in surprise, and he put his hands on her shoulders. He glared at Potter, who was staring at him in perturbed shock. The Weaselbee, who had been standing and watching, now placed a hand on Potter's chest, giving him a confused, stern look.

"How did you move so quickly?" Scarhead asked, ignoring the Red Weasel.

Draco ignored him, pulling Hermione back firmly against him. She let out a sound, her head brushing his chest as she tilted it back to look up at him. She looked terrified, and her pupils were dilated again. Like she'd sunk into some other person's mind and wasn't herself anymore. Draco's magic was responding in a protective manner, wrapping its way tightly around them and filling his own mind with determination.

"See to it that you never yell at my witch again," Draco warned. "Or else I'll make another choice. One you really won't fancy."

"She's not your witch. She's Hermione Granger. She's no one's property."

"Harry, Draco, please!" Hermione cried, shooting them desperate looks. "Why can't you get along? Just for a little while?"

"Yeah, mate," the Weaselbee said, sounding exasperated. "You can't just shout at her."

"What are you?" Potter drew his wand, continuing to ignore his friends. He brandished it in Draco's direction. "What the fuck are you?!"

There was silence, and Draco's hands tightened on Hermione's shoulders. He supposed he'd known this was coming. He'd known, deep down, that there was no way he could hide his abilities forever. He didn't trust the Red Weasel, and he trusted Pothead even less, but Blaise knew. Perhaps Hermione had the ability to convince them not to report him. It was Draco's fault anyway, for allowing his temper to get out of control.

He wet his lips and prepared to present his fangs.

Hermione's hand came up to wrap around his fingers on her left shoulder and squeezed them tightly, as if she knew without even looking over her shoulder that he was irritated.

"Harry Potter, I love you," she said firmly, even though Draco could feel her despondence in her magic. "I love you and you are my absolute best friend, but I cannot let you treat me this way any longer. We have never fought like this before. You've never said these things to me before, and the rows we've had this year have been completely out of character for the both of us. Draco is in my life, whether you fancy that or not, and he's not going anywhere anytime soon. So you can either get on the same Portkey with us, or you can stay out of it. And I mean that, Harry. If you're going to choose to remain selfish, hateful, and holding that grudge, you will stay out of our business."

Draco wanted so desperately to kiss her, then, but he held himself back for fear of angering Potter worse and causing more issues. He chose instead to rub his right hand up and down her upper arm, to comfort the despair he felt through the bond, and Potter's eyes followed the movement of his hand.

Potter shoved his wand up into his sleeve. He muttered, "I need some time. Some time to think."

"Take the time then, mate," the Weaselbee said, patting him on the shoulder.

Potter shook his head, turned, and started towards the stairs. Draco felt a bit of panic in his chest as he wondered whether or not Potter was going to say anything to anyone, but he knew that there was nothing he could do. As badly as he wanted to hex the bollocks off of Potter, he couldn't do that without risking making things difficult with Hermione.

"Harry!"

Hermione broke free of Draco's hands and dashed after him. She grabbed his hand, stopping him. Draco held himself back, even though his magic didn't want her touching Potter.

"What?" Potter bit out through gritted teeth.

"Please don't say anything about what you saw," she pleaded. "I know you're angry, but . . . You don't understand."

Potter narrowed his eye down at her, and then he looked over the top of her head at the Weaselbee. The redhead was currently standing there awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck. A look of anger flashed across Scarhead's face.

"You told him, but you can't tell me?"

Draco looked at the Red Weasel in alarm, who suddenly threw his hands up and shook his head wildly.

"No, I didn't! Luna -"

"Perfect," Potter spat. "Just perfect. My best friends are friends with the wizard I hate the most, sharing secrets like First Years in the common room. Bloody perfect."

With that, he ripped his hand out of Hermione's grasp and stormed off towards the stairs.

Draco whirled on the Red Weasel, who went pale with terror as Draco ripped his wand out of his own sleeve.

"What do you know, Weaselbee?" he snarled, jamming it into the hollow of his throat.

"I know only a little," he said slowly. "I just know you drink - that it's - Luna let it slip on accident."

"How?" Hermione was there, arms folded and brow furrowed, standing beside them.

"I asked her for the vials we usually use for her - well, you know." The Weasel gulped, eyes locking with Hermione's. "Since we'll be in separate places for Winter holiday. And she said she didn't have them because she gave them to you two. I panicked and thought it was Hermione that needed the blood, but then Luna admitted it was you, mate."

"Don't call me mate," Draco spat, struggling to contain his anger. He glowered down at Hermione, but when he spoke, he remembered to keep calm. "I wasn't aware that you had spoken with Lovegood about it yet. I was under the impression that Vows would be involved."

"I told you I was going to," she said insistently. "You agreed that it was all right to tell them. I just haven't had a chance to tell you yet."

"And now," Draco said slowly, "this one knows, and by extension, so does your Potter. Do you have any idea -"

"Yes, Draco," Hermione said. "I know exactly what will happen if anyone finds out. But somehow, I think Harry will do the right thing by us."

Draco knew the "right" thing would be to report his status as a magical creature, but his desire for self-preservation won out. It always won out. That was why he'd been in the Astronomy Tower that night during Sixth Year in the first place. Because he'd put himself first.

He tucked his wand away and then gave the Weaselbee a curt nod. He still didn't trust him, but the oaf must have known for a certain amount of time. In that time of knowing, he hadn't given up any of the information he'd learned. Draco didn't know why or how the vermin was the one with the more level head out of him and Potter, but he was fortunate for it.

"Fine," he spat. "Bloody fine. But if you breathe a word of what you do know . . ."

"Got it." The Weaselbee nodded enthusiastically and then he scratched the top of his head. "And if it helps, I don't mind that the two of you are . . . Just know that I don't mind it, and if you guys need any help with anything, just let me know."

Hermione was smiling, and she grabbed onto Draco's hand with both of hers. "See?"

"Thanks for the permission," Draco said with a sneer. Then, he looked down at Hermione, still frustrated with the turn of events. He didn't like that she'd told Lovegood without telling him about it afterward, and without the Vow like they'd agreed to. He didn't like finding things out secondhand. "Are you ready to go?"

She eyed him and through her magic, he felt a hint of trepidation. She didn't seem to want to be by herself with him anymore, but she nodded anyway. Then, she looked at the Weaselbee.

"I'll see you at dinner, Ronald?"

"Sure," he said, and then he made a move as if to clap Draco on the shoulder.

"Touch me, and you lose all of your hair."

"Right." He snatched his hand back and moved it instead to wave at Hermione. "I'm off to class. I'll see you both later."

Hermione turned to address Draco, but he held up a hand.

"Not here. Let's go to the common room," he said flatly.

The two of them made their way back to the dorms, Draco barely containing his anger as they walked. He didn't know why he'd thought he could trust Hermione not to say anything, but then, he hadn't truly known her for very long in the grand scheme of his life. And being who he was, he wasn't a very trusting person. He didn't tell anyone and everyone things about himself, especially not the type of secret he was hiding. She knew how he felt about other people knowing - he'd lobbed a book at her head in anger to prove it.

Well, the voice in his head had made him do that. But it had happened with his hands nonetheless.

Draco waited until they were safely locked inside of his dorm room to fix Hermione with a withering glare. Instead of her cowering before him, she drew herself up to her full height and raised her chin higher. The air was tense between them.

"Before you say anything, I didn't do it intentionally. It just slipped out. Since you agreed to them knowing, the only thing I did wrong was to not performing the Unbreakable Vow beforehand," she said.

"I don't like people that I don't trust knowing things about me," he growled out, shoving his wand out of sight. "You should know that by now."

"I don't understand why you're being so difficult," she said angrily. "We agreed to tell them. I couldn't control what Luna did with the information, and as you can see, it went well enough."

"The fact that you're admitting that you couldn't control what she does is proof that I was right about needing Vows. That there's a level of not knowing attached to her knowing. Which means she can't be trusted."

She put her hands on her hips, her robes swaying with the movement. "I trust her, and I trust Ron, for that matter. He didn't react poorly, so I think everything is fine. Draco -"

"Do you trust Potter?" His words stopped her as she reached for him. She pulled her hands back to her chest, clasping them.

"Typically, I would," she said, and her could feel her panic in her magic. "And I know he's angry, but he can be convinced -"

"You heard him yourself! He said he hates me. What does he have to gain from keeping the information he knows quiet?"

"Please just try to understand," she said softly, beseeching him with her eyes. He could feel her magic beginning to sink downward again. "I was dealing with a lot on my own, and I needed to tell her. I just hadn't gotten the chance to tell you that I told her, and I didn't think there would be an issue, seeing as we agreed on it. It was too much to handle. I needed -"

"Me! You could have come to me!" he barked sharply, causing her to flinch and take a step backward. He hadn't meant to do it, hadn't meant to snap at her again, but his temper was too hot. The barrier wasn't holding very well, and the creature in his head didn't seem to be bothered enough to strengthen it. He could feel his magic roiling and he couldn't tell if he was feeling betrayed, offended, or just angry. He wished the creature was a little more inclined to help him out.

She began to blink rapidly and in her magic, he could feel that she was wounded. His fingers itched to reach for her on instinct.

"I'm sorry," she whispered tremulously, and then she lowered her head. "I didn't . . . I just . . . We were having a row. We were having a row, and I just needed to tell someone. She's my best friend. I just needed support."

He felt his anger soften a bit. "I thought you said it wasn't a row."

She gasped and looked up with wide eyes. "I did. I mean . . . I just . . ."

Draco sighed heavily and cupped his hand around the back of her head, pulling her into the circle of his arms. He felt her leaning into him, her hands crushed between their bodies, and he held her again. He buried his face into the side of her neck, breathing deeply, working hard to keep his emotions and magic under lock and key.

"I should have been there for you," he murmured, and he felt her shivering when his breath hit her skin. "I'm the reason why you were at the Manor, and why you were photographed with us. I'm the reason why Greyback used the bond to make me bring you there, to do all those things. I should have protected you better."

"That implies you actually want to protect me."

His magic lashed out and he pushed her to hold her at arm's-length. He fixed her with a serious, ferocious glare, and he saw her cheeks stain red.

"Of course I want to keep you safe," he said harshly. "It's all I've wanted all year, I think, ever since you spoke for my father. Granger, you have to care about someone to get angry at them."

Her eyes searched his almost too deeply, and then her hand was flat on his chest. "You've got to care about someone to want to please them, too."

He felt his heart rate picking up. His throat felt dry. "I thought it was just part of the bond?"

She was blushing and looking at her hand on his blazer, not at him. "I think I've wanted to see you happy for a long time, Draco. I just mistook it for general compassion. The bond is just enhancing and localizing it."

"Localizing it?"

She was still flushed, but she looked up at him now, nodding slowly. "To my heart."

Draco almost swooped in to kiss her, but she started speaking again before he could do so.

"I went to the Revel because I was scared of what would happen to you if I didn't. It's not your fault that I was there at the Manor - I'm the one who insisted on coming to make sure you had blood. It's not your fault what happened. I was terrified that Greyback would hurt you if I didn't go, and at the time, I couldn't think of anything worse."

"At the time?" His hands traveled up the outside of her upper arms, fingertips skimming the surface of her skin. He pulled her closer. He was going to allow her one four more seconds to talk before he swallowed her words and devoured her.

"At the time, yes," she said, her voice becoming breathless and her head tilting back further as she neared him. "Now I can't think of anything worse than you not being happy."

"Then it will please you to know that I'm happy as fuck," he said with a breathy laugh before he covered her mouth with his own and did exactly what he planned to do. He consumed her the same way he did the oxygen on the Earth, and he made the decision to push her towards the dresser because it was closer. He lifted her up and placed her atop it, her arms throwing themselves around his neck and trapping him tightly against her.

Their kiss was frenzied yet layered with passion, and it was all Draco could do not to tear off her clothes and sink into the depths of her right there. The barrier on his lust was gone, kicked aside like an inconsequential slat of wood, and all he could think about right now was tasting her and touching her and having her. One of his hands gripped her waist, the other one sliding up the arch of her back. He could feel her own desire increasing by the second, her gasps and wanton sighs growing more desperate.

"Draco," she whimpered when his lips broke from hers for air momentarily. "Draco, it's still -"

"Too hot?" His eyebrows raised up, but his smirk seemed to mean nothing to her. She nodded frantically, kissing along the length of his jaw and causing him to have shudders of his own wracking his body. His hands tightened on her waist and then snapped down to her hips. The dresser was at the perfect height for him to grind -

"Ah, please!" Hermione cried out, rolling her hips against his over and over. Her arms tightened even further around his neck, her fingers tangling in the hair at the back of his head. It was like whatever had happened between them, the argument, the stuff that had gone on during class . . . None of it meant anything. Her scent was filling the room, destroying his ability to think clearly.

"I'm gonna take care of you," he whispered before his tongue tasted the skin of her neck.

Draco took his hands off of her hips and, without warning or preamble, reached between her legs and tore her skirt apart. She hugged him even tighter, their cheeks pressing together tightly as he shoved aside her knickers and slid his fingers inside of her body. He began to pump them in and out, feeling his mind reeling at how wet she was, how tight she was going to feel around his him when he finally claimed her.

Stop being so gentle, the voice inside his head teased. You can do a little better than that, can't you?

Draco needed no permission for anything in his entire life. He was Draco Malfoy, this wasn't Sixth or Seventh Year, and he didn't have to bend to the whims of a crazed serpent. He stood up straighter, placed his hand on Hermione's shoulder, and slammed her back against the mirror. He barely caught sight of the dark, almost wicked gleam in his own eye before he dropped down to his knees in front of the dresser. She panicked for a moment and tried to close her legs, but Draco was having none of it. He put his hands on her inner thighs and forced them open.

"Don't even think about moving, Granger," he growled, glaring up into her flushed, panting face from where he knelt.

"Please, Draco," she said, her voice shaking. "We've never - I don't -"

"Are you going to be good for me?"

She stared at him, her mouth closing quickly. She nodded, her hands coming up to cover her face. Draco wasted no more time. He pulled her knickers aside and relished in the choked sob she gave when he tasted her, his tongue delving deep. He moaned at the feeling of her heat against him, at the flavor of her in his mouth, the trembling in her thighs as his tongue circled the apex of her core.

The moment he felt her starting to move forward against his lips, he knew he had her. He maintained his hold on her even as her hands came to grip his hair, even as she pulled it hard enough to hurt. Her moans were as pleasant to him as a symphony as he played her body like a violin, using the flat of his tongue when he felt her entire body begin to vibrate.

Not good enough.

Draco, feeling challenged, stood back up. She let out a gasp at the loss of contact, her pupils blown wide as she looked at Draco in a near-delirium. He didn't even need to study her magic to know she was completely out of it. He wrapped one hand around her throat and pressed her against the mirror, his eyes holding her own as he slammed two fingers back inside of her. Her hands immediately went to his wrist, her eyes rolling up into her head as he worked her closer and closer towards her orgasm.

You could kill her this way, Draco. She'd look so beautiful, dying while she comes.

The thoughts disturbed him so much that his hand stuttered, and Hermione's eyes flew open with a look of pure distress in them.

"Please, please don't stop," she moaned, her hips rocking against his hand. "Please, sir."

Draco thought he was going to lose his mind. He pulled his hand out of her and wrapped his arms around her waist. She grabbed the sides of his face and assaulted his lips with her own as he set her easily on her feet.

"Get on the floor," he commanded, furiously unbuttoning his blazer as his eyes took in her disheveled sight. "But take off your skirt first."

She did so quickly, throwing herself at him and kissing him again. He indulged in the kiss as he tore the blazer off of his body and threw it across the room. He sank to the floor, pulling her down with him, and then he shoved her flat on her back.

"Spread those legs, Granger," he said in an almost sinister voice. She stared at him with a wild terror, but did as he asked. She tried to sit up on her elbows, but he loomed over her, a hand on her sternum pressing her down firmly.

"D-Draco -" she started to stammer, but his other hand playing at her core silence her quickly.

"I'm going to fuck you with my mouth, little witch," he murmured with a smirk. "And then you're gonna come for me."

Before she could react, he allowed his claws to lengthen and he sheared her knickers into pieces. She let out a scream of surprise, but in her magic, Draco could detect that she was thrumming with desire and fervor. He sunk down onto his stomach and pulled her thighs wide, his tongue doing things to her that had her moaning so loudly that he was glad they were skiving off class.

Draco knew they were going awfully fast, that they'd been through quite a series of Hellish events to get to this point, but he wanted her so fucking badly. She tasted so good, like she was made especially for him. He would lock the two of them in this room for the rest of the school year if it meant he could annihilate her like this forever.

His thoughts were out of control and he was so Merlin-damned hard that it ached.

She began to grind her hips against his tongue, letting out a series of moans that bordered on wails as she did so. Draco felt her hands yanking on his hair again, and then she was begging him exactly the way he wanted her to.

"Oh, Gods . . . Oh, Draco, please . . . Please, please . . ."

And then she was coming and his heart was bursting and his scalp really hurt. He sat up and, using his fingers, helped her ride out her violently-trembling climax. His gaze washed over her face, that gorgeous face, then he leaned down to kiss her swollen lips. She kissed him back passionately, still whimpering, and then he felt her thighs squeezing down around his hand. He stopped touching her and pulled back a little so he could look into her eyes.

"Still hot?" He breathed, grinning wolfishly.

She shook her head. "But that was . . . It felt different. Did something change?"

Draco schooled his facial expression, not wanting her to know about the disturbing, reprehensible thoughts the creature had spoken into his mind. "Nothing changed. Did something change for you?"

"Nothing from earlier." She sat up, and so did he. "Honestly, it's like I'm in heat. It's a wonder you don't feel the same."

Oh, our little witch has no idea.

And slowly, Draco felt the barrier over his magical core sliding back into place.

Draco wanted to drown out the voice. He grabbed her chin in his hand and pulled it up so he could kiss her. He was still hard and wanting, but he felt so awful about the thoughts that he'd had that he was forcing himself to ignore it.

"What about you?" she asked, her eyes darting down to his trousers.

He shook his head. He was terrified he was going to hurt her. He'd already hurt her the night he'd almost drained her.

"Just you right now. You were in pain. Do you feel better?"

"Yes, but are you sure? Do you need blood?"

Draco opened his mouth to reply and then frowned. Strangely, he hadn't felt the need for blood all day. Could the creature's barrier have been that powerful? Was it even possible for it to be so powerful that it made him not feel the need for sustenance? Inside his mouth, he could still feel his fangs. Did the creature just have the ability to erase emotion and mental symptoms? Or was it something else?

What was inside of him?

"Let's go to the Library," she said, using her wand to repair her clothing. "I can tell something is wrong."

"How?" he asked incredulously as he stood up with her.

"Because I'm Hermione Granger."




 

Invisible


Strangers - City and Colour & From All Sides - Lights

Draco POV

The last time Draco was truly terrified was during the Revel.

It was perhaps the combination of not knowing if he could fool Greyback, and being unsure of how well he could protect Hermione. He'd always been the cowardly type but then, to have someone else looking to him for complete and total protection, it had put this inhuman amount of pressure upon him to not only be in-character for Greyback's benefit, but to keep a tight hold of who he was as a person for Hermione's. The juxtaposition of knowing that at any moment, they could be discovered with one small mistake, had left him in a constant state of terror.

Draco felt similarly now, as he walked beside Hermione to the Library for the remaining forty-five or so minutes of the skived off period. The voice inside his head . . . He didn't want her to know about it anymore, didn't want her to know the horrible things it kept saying about her. But he couldn't just let it go. If she was somehow able to figure something out through research, or if Blaise and he could find out something helpful from Haggerty Prim, then they needed to hash out all possible solutions.

If nothing panned out, Draco knew what course of action he would take. He would do whatever he could to protect Hermione, especially if the biggest danger to her was himself.

"I'm going to grab some books on Veela bonding," she whispered as they entered the Library. It was fuller than usual with students who likely had free periods, and some of them looked up to stare as they walked past. "You go find us an alcove."

Draco stared back at some of the oglers, narrowing his eyes until they hurried to look away. He knew dinner was going to be a trip, especially with their little display in Advanced Potions. Merlin, he still couldn't believe all of that had happened. They'd acted like Fourth Years, and he hadn't even cared.

He worried, though: was it the bond from him biting Hermione that caused him to act so out of control, or was it the creature?

Draco located an alcove and stood at the opening so Hermione could easily find him. When he saw her walking towards him with a couple of books in her arms, he couldn't help but smirk. She looked exactly as he always remembered her looking when they were younger.

"Don't even think about calling me a swot," she said haughtily as she brushed past him. She set the books down on the table and withdrew her wand.

"I can call you whatever I'd like," he said, watching her setting up wards to allow them privacy. "You're mine."


Draco was once again reminded of the fact that she thought he detested her blood, and he tried to think of a way he could get her to have the unshakeable belief that he wanted her. He just didn't know how she would take hearing that he did indeed want her, but that he was choosing not to mate with her to end his life and spare her own.

Hermione transfigured him a chair, and then she sat down on her own. Draco took his place beside her and then, much to her apparent surprise, he pulled her chair closer to him. She let out a small gasp when he pressed a kiss to her temple.

"If we can't find what we need, we can look for more information when we get to Denmark," he said, ducking his head down to catch her gaze.

She nodded, her eyes wide and bouncing down to his lips. "You . . . You really want me to come to Denmark?"

"Of course I do," he breathed, and then he caught her lips with his own. He held her chin with his fingers while he deepened the kiss with a firm press of his mouth, and then when he pulled back, his enhanced hearing picked up the sound of her pulse racing. He wondered again why he didn't feel the need for blood, but pushed that aside as he tried to focus on his witch.

"Then I'm coming to Denmark officially." She beamed up at him, and then she turned to the books. "Here, you take this one, and I'll take this one, and we'll see what we can discover."


After a little bit of time, Draco began to notice that something was wrong.

He could smell her. Her scent. It was pervading his nostrils, making it impossible for him to focus on his reading. He looked at her out of the corner of his eye, but she just kept reading. Did she not realize what was happening?

"Granger, are you . . . ?"

"Hm?" She turned a page.

"Are you all right?"

"Me? Oh, I'm fine." She gave him a quick smile and went back to reading.

He stared at her for a moment longer. Her scent was overwhelming. He looked inside, to his magical core. The barrier was still there, so it couldn't just be a reveal of what was already there. Had she just not noticed it yet? He wondered; how much time was there between instances? And how long could they go without . . . Taking care of it? He wasn't keen on needing to leave all of his classes every period to find her, pull her out of her own class, and molest her in the corridors.

"So this may be something that we won't be able to read about," she said suddenly, closing her book. "I think we're going to have to figure it out on our own. What my theory is . . ."

A sudden wave of her scent brushed his nose and he flinched. She took a deep, shaky breath, and he saw her tug at her collar.

"What my theory is," she continued, "is that we're connected in a similar way to the way we would be if we were mated. We . . ." She stopped, clearing her throat, and then fanned herself with her hand. "It's rather warm in here, don't you think?"

"No, Granger," he said slowly. "It's not warm in here."

She stared at him, and she looked pale and terrified. "Oh, dear. It's happening again, isn't it?"

Draco averted his eyes for a moment. "Your scent is . . . It's a lot."

"Well." She tugged on the end of one curl. "Then . . . Well . . ."

Draco felt her panic, her indecision. He could feel it within her magic. She was worried she was a burden, that it was too much. That it was causing problems. And she was scared. She was scared of what was happening to her.

"Granger, calm down," he said, and he moved his hand to the back of her hair. He combed his fingers upward through the bottom of it, and he watched the way her eyelids fluttered. "I'll take care of it. Finish telling me your theory."

She took a deep breath again and nodded. "Yes. All right. Well, I think we're - that we're connected. If you die, then I die, and vice-versa. I think that I'm - that I'm experiencing a magical side effect of the bite that's similar to when an animal goes into - into heat. Sort-of like the Veela's nature trying to ensure that you mate, to keep you alive."

"Heat?"

"I-I think so," she said, stammering. "It can't be a scientific reaction in the body, because this is magic. And if it ends in death, then my mind is telling me it's a literal heat. My magical core is burning up. The only thing I can't figure out is why yours isn't. D'you feel anything?"

He couldn't tell her about the voice, creature, or barrier. But he knew that when the barrier wasn't there, he hadn't felt anything different than what he'd gotten used to feeling as a supernatural creature. So he chose to shake his head no.

She sighed heavily and lowered her eyes. "Then I could be wrong, but . . . I think the bond is burning away my magical core faster than yours and if we don't mate, it will burn it away entirely and kill me."

The words settled into Draco's mind, and he realized then that he truly, deeply despised himself. In all of his time that he'd spent panicking and worrying about whether or not she knew he wasn't using her, he'd sacrificed her for nothing. She was going to die if he didn't mate with her, and her life would be destroyed if he did.

He felt emotions rushing up, filling him with anxiety, and he struggled to remain calm.

"What the fuck." He said it as an anguished statement, not a question. "I fucking hate myself."

Hermione sucked in a sharp breath and whirled to face him. He felt her magic swirling, vibrating with panic, and her hands shot out to clutch tightly to his own. He couldn't look at her. He just hung his head and glared at the floor beneath his feet.

"It's all right -"

He ripped his hand away from hers and stood up, nearly knocking his chair over. He began to pace, trying to keep his anxiety from tearing him apart from within.

"How do you know the potential mate dies first?"

"It's only a theory, Draco," she said softly, and he felt fear coming from her magical core. Her scent was getting stronger, and her neck was beginning to flush. "I'm the only one in this metaphorical heat. And it's like with cats: the tomcat mates with multiple females. The females go into heat, not the males. That almost makes me expendable."

"You're not expendable!" He spat the words out, and he felt a spike rising in her fear levels. He fought back tears of sheer terror and desperation. "You're not expendable. Just let me think. I need to think."

Hermione lowered her head. He felt undeniable sadness coming from her. "Draco . . . I know you don't want to, but . . ." She blinked rapidly, a tear slipping down her cheek. "If we just . . . M-Mate, then -"

"No!" he yelled, causing her to jump and her fear to increase exponentially. "No, I'm not . . . Just let me think."

He didn't know what there was to think about. There were no solutions other than one. He could feel his panic levels rising. He scrubbed his face with his hands. How much time did they have? Maybe if they could just push it, just for a week, he could talk to his mother. Narcissa might know what to do. She had to know.

"We still have time," Hermione said, and it was very clear that she was holding back tears. "My clock only just began ticking."

Draco closed his eyes and nodded. "Okay. All right. Yeah, that . . . Yeah. We can push it, try to deal with it day by day until we get to my mother. She might know something."

"She may. The Veela genes are hereditary, and if she doesn't know something, maybe your father does. You're living proof that male Veelas exist, so there is a possibility."

He heard her getting up, and he whirled to face her. Tears were streaming down her face. His heart wrenched in his chest and he took a step toward her. She drew back against the table, shaking her head.

"I'm sorry I was bad. I'm just going to go put these books back."

She rushed away before Draco could reach for her, and he pulled his hand back to run it through his hair. He could hear her soft sobs, could feel her magic breaking in two as though he were leaving her, or she'd lost something precious. He hated himself even more. He'd hurt her, and he was destined to hurt her to keep her alive.

The voice stirred and spoke quietly. And yet, you let your emotions control you as though she belongs to someone else. Does she not belong to you? Is she not yours?

Of course she was his.

Then why do you let magic control you? Take what you want.

Draco couldn't do that. He couldn't take what he wanted from her without hurting her. Without turning her into a slave to the darkness that tainted the Malfoy name.

Excuses. She belongs to you. Take her.

But -

If you do not take her, she will die. And if she dies, you die. If you die, then I die.

Draco closed his eyes, feeling his entire body beginning to tremble. Something was happening. Something was trying to - trying to take over. He staggered to the side, a blinding pain erupting across the front of his mind, and then he was screaming. If it weren't for the wards, he was certain the entire castle would hear him. He sank to his knees, hands clutching his head, and felt his eyes burning as though they were on fire.

Something shoved him backward inside of his mind, pinning him down and holding him there. It was strong, too strong. Draco couldn't fight it.

If you do not take her, then I will.

And then Draco was no longer Draco.

Sit back, relax, and thank me later.

Deius stepped out of the alcove and sniffed her out. She was walking between two stacks, near the Supernatural Creatures section, and there was no one nearby. Using his enhanced speed, Deius flashed forward until he was standing right in front of her. She jumped and opened her mouth to scream, but he slammed his hand over her mouth and pressed her up against the bookshelf. Her scent was overbearing, and he was tired of ignoring it. Tired of letting the angst of some glorified teenager get in the way of him ensuring that his life was maintained.

Her eyes were wide and wild and he could feel her sheer terror pounding against his magical core. Good. Deius didn't have the patience to deal with human pleasure. He glanced around, pinning her to the shelf, and he cocked his head to listen. He could hear everything with his increased hearing abilities, and when he was certain that no one was getting up and walking about, he turned to glare down at the trembling witch. He slowly lifted his hand from her mouth.

"Cast the wards."

She whimpered and tried to say something, but he cut her off with a threatening finger in her face.

"Cast . . . The wards."

Her hand shook as she withdrew her wand from her sleeve. He saw a flash of indecision in her eyes. He didn't want to take any chances. He pressed one claw against the hollow of her throat in warning.

Defeat filled her magic through the bond and she did as he asked. When the wards were done, he knocked the wand out of her hand and kicked it away. She looked at him, confused, and then he molded his body to hers. Deius' eyes darted down to her neck. It was bright red with the flush of her heated body. Her heart was beating furiously fast.

Draco was fighting him. He could feel it. And he was putting up a good effort, practically tearing at the claws that were digging into his consciousness. But Deius wasn't going to let him win. He redoubled his own powers, shoving the self-deprecating boy into a dark pit and wrapping magic around it until he couldn't move. By the time he was refocused on the girl, she was relaxed and watching him calmly.

"Who are you?" she whispered, her eyes narrowing even as tears continued to slip silently down from them.

Deius smirked. So she really was the Brightest Witch of Her Age. He'd known she was a problem from the moment she got it in her head that he was inside of the Malfoy boy. He almost didn't want to hurt her, but alas, if Deius was going to have any chance of getting home, he was going to need the boy's body a bit longer. And as it was, he'd been withering for much too long. If it weren't for Deius' magic keeping him alive, he'd have died weeks ago. The stupid git hadn't realized that he presented as a Veela clear back in February of his Seventh Year.

"My name is of no consequence," he said, and he could tell it was alarming her to see Deius' crimson eyes in Draco's body, speaking with Draco's tongue.

"You mean it's your greatest weakness," she said. "I know that much about your kind."

So the witch was smart and cunning. No wonder the boy fancied her. No matter. He didn't need to banter with her to get what he needed out of her.

"You're as intelligent as I've heard inside the boy's head, Hermione Granger, but that isn't going to help you right now." His hands moved to her hips, holding them so tight that if it weren't for her clothing, he'd break the skin. Also good. He did so love the taste of blood. A definite perk of transferring himself into a Veela's body.

"What do you want?" Her voice was flat. If it weren't for the bond, Deius wouldn't have been able to tell that she was scared out of her mind of him.

He smiled, the wicked grin spreading across his face with aching slowness.

"I'm here to help, little witch."

She raised her chin with a resolute strength that burned out through her eyes - a strength that Deius had never seen her have with Draco.

"Don't call me that," she hissed through clenched teeth. "You're not him. I don't belong to you."

Deius's hand slammed upward, wrapping around her throat and dragging her up onto the tips of her toes. "I'm not him. But you do belong to me. Shall I fuck you the way he would?"

He saw her eyes flash with horror, felt her terror bleeding out through her magic, wrapping tightly around the tethers of their bond, and then he smirked.

Faintly, in the back of his mind, he felt Draco's consciousness fluttering. It was his blasted wolf. It knew something was about to happen to his soon-to-be mate. But there was no time to deal with that. Her scent intensified and he could tell - whatever it was that she was calling her heat had hit her. She wasn't going to be able to fight much longer.

"Don't do this," she whispered. "Don't make him watch."

Deius smirked again. "Very well."

The witch cried out when he gripped her shoulders and spun her around. He slammed her up against the bookshelf, his hands moving to position her. She let out a hoarse sob as he kicked her legs apart, pulling her hips back slightly. He pinned her head down on one of the shelves with his left hand on the back of her neck.

He felt her panic spreading outward, but he ignored it. His right hand shoved its way up her skirt. She was soaked, as he'd expected due to her heat, and it was easy enough to slip his fingers inside of her body. He breathed a malicious laugh when she immediately cried out a strangled moan.

He supposed he could bother with human pleasure for a moment. There was no need to destroy the boy's entire life. After all, Deius was here to help.

Draco wanted to die.

Deius hadn't gotten what he wanted, and then slid back behind the barrier of his mind. Now, it was just Draco that was present.

He could barely stand to be in his own skin, inside of her body, her tiny little body. Her broken body. The one that he'd been trying to protect, to keep safe. He wanted to cut himself until he bled out all over the floor. Hermione was everything to him, and he'd destroyed her.

"D-Draco?" She sounded so despondent, frightened, and exhausted. Draco just wanted to comfort her, but he hadn't the right. "Is it y-you?"

Draco dissolved into gut-wrenching sobs. "I fought so fucking hard. I'm so sorry. I'm so fucking sorry, Hermione."

"Keep going," she implored, her voice wavering with emotion. Her hand reached back, wrapping around one of his own and keeping it firmly attached to her hip. "Please."

"I can't." His tears fell hot and fast to splash on her back. She flinched, the skin of her back shifting, and then she began to move her hips. Draco hated how good it felt, how deeply it made his heart hurt. She was so strong. So fucking strong.

"We don't k-know what c-could happen if you don't. Please, D-Draco. Please."

"I can't. I fucking can't."

"I want it to be you. Please. I just want it to be you." She began to cry fresh tears as she moved.

Draco tried to stop. He really tried. He put everything he had into trying to stop, even though she was pleading with him to continue, but he wasn't as strong as her. He never had been. No one was stronger than her. His magic was swirling up, blasting outward and wrapping around the both of them, forcing the ceremony to complete.

"Oh, fuck," he said in anguish as he tightened his hold on her and moved inside of her with all of the emotions urging him to stop. He tried to make it better for her, to show her that even though he didn't deserve to breathe her air, that he was going to take care of her. His right hand remained on her hip, as gentle as possible, and his other hand stroked her sides and back in soothing motions.

"It's all right," he said softly, even as his tears continued to fall. "I'm so sorry. It's all right."

Hermione burst out crying with a fresh wave of emotion, and he felt her pain mingling and spilling into his magical core. He couldn't even tell them apart, and he didn't try. He just gathered them all up and held them tightly, all while he tried to show her how sorry he was with his slow, steady thrusts.

Soon, she was no longer crying. She was no longer whimpering in pain. Her backwards thrusts of her hips weren't quite so firm. Draco's head tipped back and his fingers reached around, slipping under her shirt and caressing her breast gently. The pleasure felt like guilt, and the pain in his heart increased tenfold.

He was almost there.

"Can you c-come?" he whispered desperately, his voice cracking on the last word. He needed her to feel good. He needed to make it better for her. "For me?"

She turned to look at him over her shoulder and she looked so fucking sad that Draco could hardly stand it. She nodded almost shyly, and he could feel her shame intensifying within her magic. "For you."

"Good girl," he whispered brokenly, caressing her jaw. She trembled and closed her eyes. He felt her tears against his hand. "Good girl. I'm here. It's me."

His hand moved to her pearl and she keened the moment he touched it. His tear-filled, hazy eyes lifted to her face, where he saw her cheeks flushing and her brows knitted together with the intensity of the situation, and he felt his heart shattering.

He loved her so fucking much.

He loved her, but he deserved to die for this.

"Draco," she moaned, her body beginning to quiver in that telltale way. He slowed the pace of his thrusts again, feeling every ridge inside of her core as he drove inside of her, and savored the way her breathing hitched.

"It's okay," he whispered, his own voice trembling. He clenched his teeth to keep himself from sobbing aloud again. "It's okay. Let go for me, Hermione. I'm right here."

Her eyelids fluttered. She faced the books again. He felt her body tensing up, his fingers gentle against her precious core, and then she arched her back.

"Draco, please," she whined in a strangled voice, her hips grinding against his hand. "Please. You. Just you."

He could feel himself on the edge, and he hated himself all the more for it.

With one last swipe of his fingers, she came so hard that he could barely breathe. His own release followed immediately after, and then he slid his hand around her throat as lightly as he could, pulling her to stand up on her tip-toes. He bared his fangs and sunk them into the side of her throat, causing her to let out a cry of mingled pain and pleasure. As her blood flowed into his mouth, sealing the magical ceremony and making her his mate, he felt her body seizing down on him once again. He moaned as it pulled every last drop of his seed from within him, and then she went limp.

She was his now, fully and completely, and he didn't deserve her.

Hermione began to cry again. Draco lifted her by the waist, slipping out of her, and staggering backward. She stumbled about, snatching up her wand and using it to repair her clothing. Draco slowly tucked himself away, his depression sinking deep down into his bones as he zipped and buttoned his trousers. He buckled his belt, his eyes lingering on her blotchy, stricken face. She cast a tergeo on them both, and then she stood awkwardly a meter or so away from him.

"I just need . . . I need a . . ." She wept hard enough for her to not be able to speak for a moment. She kept her head down, and Draco felt his tears beginning to fall again. He'd never hurt this much. He'd never been in this much pain.

He'd never loved someone so much.

But he could feel it in her magical core more strongly than before, as though she and he were one and the same person. Like they shared one magical core.

She was broken.

Could she feel how much he loved her?

"I'm sorry," she wailed, and then she turned and dashed off, one hand held to her mouth as she went.

Left behind in the relative safety of the wards, Draco fell back against the bookshelves and sunk down to the floor in grief and shock. He pulled his knees to his chest, put his elbows on his knees, and buried his face in his hands.

The last time Draco was truly terrified was during the Revel. The next time was now.

He wept.




 

 

Invisible


Weak and Powerless by A Perfect Circle

When Hermione was eight, she had a dog named Louis.

It was a Husky, quite possibly the most beautiful breed of dog ever to come into being. With black-and-white fur and icy blue eyes, Louis was Hermione's very best friend. When others teased her at school, she'd come home and curl up in bed with Louis by her side. He'd pretend to groom her, licking her all over the curly hair that everyone else seemed to hate so much. He'd even consumed her tears, those ice chips for eyes staring straight into her soul as if to say, "No tears. I love you."

But one day, Louis went outside and got into a scuffle with another animal. That animal bit him, and then Louis got sick. He got really sick, and then he got angry. There were no more cuddles in bed. He gnashed his teeth at everyone, spittle flying from his chops as he growled and barked at Hermione as though he'd never seen her before. He bit her when she tried to pet him, to groom him and kiss his puppy tears away like he had for her, and she'd had to go to the hospital.

"Rabies," the doctor told her. "Rabies, and that means your doggy is quite unwell. You will have to say good-bye, Hermione."

And say good-bye she did, right before the men came to take Louis away. And Louis, who had been so very angry for the past week, stared at her with those ice chip eyes and licked her tear right off of her cheek. For a moment - just a moment - Hermione saw the puppy that had always said, "No tears. I love you."

The men took him away and she never saw Louis again. She was still hurt pretty bad where he bit her, but Hermione knew it wasn't his fault that he'd gotten sick. So she resolutely wiped her tears. Her parents each took one of her hands and helped her limp her way back to the car and when they got there, her father tried to explain to her that Louis loved her, that he had a disease of the mind that ate away the good Louis and left only the bad Louis. That that was the only reason why he'd bitten her, and that he would never have bitten his best friend and favorite girl if he hadn't gotten sick.

But Hermione already knew that. She was smart, even back then, and she'd already forgiven Louis. She forgave him the second he bit her, and she loved him enough for the both of them.

So that was why, even as she fled the Library, she knew she would forgive Draco. She knew it wasn't his fault. She knew that something - a demon or a monster of some sort - had taken control of him. That he'd gotten sick with something that ate the good and left the bad. That no matter how hard he tried, he hadn't been able to break free, and that he never would have hurt her like that if he'd been able to control his body. That Draco was just like Louis, but that nothing would ever cleave her soul in two as much as the sound of his sobbing when he realized what had happened.

But Hermione didn't know how she could ever again look at the good without seeing the bad.

She ran as though Greyback himself were on her heels, tears streaming down her face as she dashed across the corridor and into the common room. Dinner was about to start, and there didn't seem to be anyone around from what she could tell.

"Granger, you seen Draco? He - blimey!"

Hermione nearly ran face-first into the chest of Blaise, who caught her by the elbows. Her head fell back as she gazed up at him through her tears and suddenly felt like no one would understand better than him. No one would understand the pain that both she and Draco felt better than he would. She fell apart, dissolving into tears, and Blaise was forced to wrap his arms around her waist to catch her.

"Granger, what's this, then?" he said, sounding genuinely concerned. "Why the tears, love?"

Hermione couldn't speak. She could hardly breathe. The pain was starting to overwhelm her, thinking of what she'd just been through combined with what it must have been like for Draco. Thinking of the horrors that might still be to come, and of what could possibly have that much power that it could subdue his magic, his Veela, and his wolf to attack her.

"I'm here to help, little witch."

And then she realized with aching clarity that now, she was bonded to Draco. She was his mate. She could feel everything that he felt. And he was in so, so much pain. He hated himself, but it ran so much deeper than she'd ever thought possible. He wanted to die, to be dead, to kill himself. He despised his very existence, and he thought everything bad that had ever happened was his fault. Her tears began anew, her heart shattered, and she keened as though a part of her had died.

The warmth of Blaise's arms wasn't enough to keep the feeling of cold dread from wrapping tightly around her heart. How long had Draco hated himself this way? How was she supposed to look at him and see the good when all she felt was bad? When she felt his hands tearing at her clothes, his voice poisoning her spirit, his body breaking her in two?

Hermione was beside herself. She wanted to assure him she was all right, wanted to keep anyone from finding out what had happened, but she just couldn't stop crying. She felt like her soul was spilling out all over the floor, and she was trying to pick it up with her fingers.

"I'm not him. But you do belong to me. Shall I fuck you the way he would?"

"Blaise -" she started, before she melted into tears all over again.

"Granger, love, you've got to settle," he said, massaging her upper arms. "You're going to pass out if you don't."

Hermione shook her head, her hands pushing at his chest in distress. "You don't understand, you don't understand, he . . . He . . ."

"Who, Granger?" Blaise's voice was gentle, his hand cupping her cheek and eyes trying to lock with her own. "What's happened?"

"You'll thank me."

"He raped me!" she shrieked, and then she was a mess again.

Blaise stiffened and anger blazed bright in his face. "Who? What? Who the fuck?!"

"No, no . . . You don't - he didn't - it wasn't him!" She wept again, her chest aching and her head pounding, and then she slammed her fists against his chest as though he were the creature. "It wasn't him!"

Blaise crushed her against his chest, one arm around her shoulders and a hand cradling the back of her head. She could hear his heart racing, his body vibrating with repressed anger.

"Shh, it's all right, love. When I find Draco, him and I will -"

"Oh, precious, you know Draco isn't here."

Hermione panicked. "No! Not Draco! You don't understand! You don't -" She cut herself off as the portrait opened behind her.

"Draco, what the fuck is going on?!" Blaise yelled angrily.

Hermione froze, her eyes going wide, and then whirled around in Blaise's arms. Her heart stilled, thrumming with anxiety and terror, and she tried not to think about his hands on her body, taking everything she had to give. She tried not to think about how it felt to beg and sob and plead, and have it mean nothing. To have her pleas bouncing off of his ears as though he were made of stone. Even though it hadn't been Draco, he looked like the monster, and it felt like there would be no overcoming that.

Draco stood there, ashen-faced, eyes still rimmed red from crying, and their eyes met.

"Fuck," he said as he broke down, running his hands down the length of his face. "Fuck!"

He was crying again, right there in the common room where anyone could walk in and see.

"What in Salazar's name is going on?!" Blaise shouted, his hands tightening on Hermione's arms.

She twisted away from him, backing away in a stumbling manner as she sent Draco a pleading look. He took a step toward her. She could feel through the mate bond that his heart was shattering just as fast as hers was. Blaise's eyes widened as he looked from one to the other, and slowly put two-and-two together. He put one hand on his hip and the other over his mouth as he stared at Draco in shock.

"It was you?"

Draco gave Blaise a pained look, not bothering to wipe the tears from his cheeks. Blaise staggered backward, looking horrified, and then he whirled to face Hermione. She stood there, hugging her hands to her hurting abdomen as her sobs pulled emotions from the depths of her that she had never felt before. It wasn't Draco's fault, but she felt like she was standing in front of the person who had destroyed her. She felt soiled, like her entire body was made of darkness and shadows and rubbish.

"Hermione," Draco said brokenly. The look in his eyes was equal parts imploring as it was full of self-loathing. He took a hesitant step forward, anxiously pushing his fingers through his hair and tangling them within the strands. His face contorted into an expression of rage that she felt through his magic was directed at himself. "Salazar, fucking damn it!"

As Draco's mate, Hermione wanted to go to him and comfort him, to mend the broken pieces of his heart and wipe his tears. But as his victim - the victim of his body, which he had not been in control of - she could only double over and wail.

Blaise stepped in front of Draco, placing a hand on his chest and curling it into the fabric of his shirt. He nodded to him and Draco looked into his eyes desperately, as though they were having some sort of silent conversation.

"It wasn't -" Draco started, overcome with too much emotion to continue. He lifted his hand from his hip and wrapped it around Blaise's, holding his palm tighter to his chest. "I tried to stop him. I tried."

Blaise just continued to nod, even though he was probably beyond confused. "I know, mate. I know."

Hermione couldn't bear to be there anymore, exposed. She collapsed on the floor in a heap, her eyes landing on the sight of the blood on her legs, and she screamed. Her mind split into separate parts, rationality from emotions, and she felt the grief of death weighing down heavily on her shoulders. She had wanted to give herself to Draco for the past two months. She would have given herself to him, but he didn't want her. He made her think he didn't want her, and then he took her. He killed a part of her that she could never get back, and even though it hadn't been his fault, it was still dead.

"You ripped me apart," she sobbed, crawling backward towards nothing in particular. She stared down at her thighs, traumatized. "You ripped me apart!"

Draco groaned Hermione's name again, trying to push past Blaise, but his friend was quick to throw his arms around him and trap him.

"Granger, go up to your room," Blaise said calmly, nothing betraying in his tone. "Just go on up there and stay. I'll come check on you later."

Hermione didn't need to be told twice. Tearing her eyes off of the blood, she rolled over and hauled herself weakly to her feet, tears rolling steadily down her cheeks as she walked towards the stairs. She could feel it in her lower body now - the pain that her adrenaline had disguised. It hurt everywhere. She was bruised inside and outside. She was naught but a torn piece of trash.

She paused at the top stair, turning to look over her shoulder at the boys. Draco was clutching the back of Blaise's shirt, sobbing into his neck unashamedly. Hermione supposed there was no room for shame anymore - not after what had just happened.

With another quiet sob, she turned and ran to her dorm room with every intention of drowning herself in a scalding hot shower.

Blaise came to her dorm an hour or so later, and she answered in a Muggle jumper with the hood up, overlarge trackies, and water still dripping from the ends of her short hair. It felt like she was dragging boulders up with her pinkie fingers as she slowly lifted her eyes to meet his. He gave her a sympathetic look.

"'Mione, love, come here."

Hermione felt her lower lip quivering, tears filling her eyes to spill over onto her cheeks, and she anxiously pulled her sleeves down to cover her hands. She hesitated, not because she didn't trust him or men in general, but because she was tired of crumbling. She'd been crying nonstop for the past hour, and her body was completely drained. And now here Blaise was, here to be a source of comfort to her, her friend, and she -

Before she knew it, she was sobbing again, padding forward until her head was buried in Blaise's chest and his arms were enveloping her. He lifted her up and walked into her room, closing the door behind him with his foot. When Hermione's knees went weak, he sank to the floor with her, sitting cross-legged with his back against the door. He wrapped his arms tighter around her, tucking her head underneath his chin as she curled up into a ball on his lap.

Blaise held her for a long time, until she had no tears left and she suspected his legs had to have gone numb. Still, she did not move. She simply laid there in her friend's arms, unaware of how she could go back to the way things were before when she felt so overwhelmed.

"It's my fault," she whispered.

"No, it's not," Blaise said, sounding dejected, tightening his hold.

"It is," she whimpered. "If I wasn't a M-Muggle-born, he would have . . ."

"Stop. It's not your fault. I don't know what happened, but it's not your fault."

Hermione told him what happened, then, in a very frank and matter-of-fact tone. She spared the grisly details, but told him what she'd been suspecting about Draco harboring a third entity within him, and how that entity had finally had enough with waiting for things to progress. How in order to save their lives, the creature had decided to forcibly take what Hermione had been trying to give Draco. She told him about Draco's angry outbursts since the Revel, and about some of the strange things he'd said when they were in the Library researching.

She told him about how they'd known for awhile that he might wither, and about how he'd made it clear at the Manor that he had no desire to mate with her, but that his actions didn't match those sentiments. She told him how she suspected it was because she was Muggle-born, that even if he didn't think the same way that he used to, that she knew he didn't want to accidentally sully the Pureblood line of his family. She told him about the bite and her theory about the bonding magic absorbing their magic faster and faster, and finally, she told him summarized versions of the creepy things the creature had said.

But even as she reiterated to Blaise that she didn't know anything for certain, deep within her heart, she just knew that the monster inside of Draco was a demon. It was malevolent and it had taken pleasure in her pain. No magical creature was that sadistic, but a demon? A demon was. How was she even supposed to deal with a demon, or cope with the fact that she'd been violated by one? The Library had no information. She had one book that she'd gotten in Hogsmeade, but its knowledge was rudimentary at best, and she had an inkling that that was why she hadn't felt interested enough to pick it up yet. She knew the Dark Lord had bought the same book, but she didn't know how that was supposed to teach her anything about what was inside of Draco.

For the first time in a long time, Hermione had no clue what to do.

Blaise was silent, one of his hands coming up to rub his chin. "Judging by that alone, it's not your fault, what happened. And I won't debate his part, but -"

"It's not his fault, either," Hermione mumbled, staring blankly at the mess that her room had become since she'd become so absorbed in Draco and his condition.

"So you're saying you don't blame him?"

Hermione was silent.

Blaise sighed. "The entire thing may not be his fault, but . . . To be frank, now that I know all of this, his choices played a huge part in this. It's not his fault, but it is."

Hermione closed her eyes and let herself sink into the comfort he provided, feeling quite ensconced by her comfy clothing and large hood. "I don't know how to feel."

Blaise's thumb absentmindedly stroked her outer upper arm. "I can't tell you how you feel, nor how you should feel. But I can tell you that I remember how things were before the Revel. I remember how he was while you were napping in the Drawing Room. He would have killed himself before he hurt you. That's what I know for certain."

Hermione felt her eyes stinging behind closed eyelids.

Blaise continued, "But I also know that this is a complicated situation with a lot of . . . Well, a lot of layers. And I know, too, that you can't be expected to look at him the same ever again. Mated or not, you should still be able to choose if you spend time with him. You should be able to choose whether to forgive him."

Hermione clenched her teeth to keep from crying and pushed her words out with force. "I can't forgive him right now. My mind won't let me."

"Because even if it wasn't him, it was," he said softly, and she felt him resting his chin atop her head. "He looked like him, sounded like him, and felt like him."

Do not cry, Hermione thought, her head aching from the force of gritting her jaw. Do not cry again.

"I think, though, that I should tell you what he said down there," Blaise said. "He said -"

"Don't," Hermione said, and then she sat up in his lap. She pushed her hood back and fixed Blaise with a ferocious look. "I don't want to hear anything he has to say. Because you're right. He has blame in this." She lifted one hand, talking with it the way she sometimes did when she was angry. "If it weren't for him, for his own bigotry, none of this would have happened."

Blaise eyed her sympathetically, his hands placed on the floor beside his hips. "I don't think that was why, Granger."

"It doesn't matter, does it, then?" she spat out vehemently. "What matters is that because he didn't do it himself, someone else did. And now we're here, in this place, and I'm . . ." She trailed off, feeling the emotion swelling in her throat again. She turned her face away, her short curls falling forward to shield it from his view. When she looked back at him again, her vision was blurry. "And I'm his mate by force. No matter what happened, or how it came to be, I'm his mate now. And that means that I can feel everything that he - that my . . ."

She paused again. A tear escaped her left eye and she quickly wiped it away.

"I have to feel everything that my rapist feels."

The moment the words left her lips, she felt sick to her stomach. It felt wrong to say it, wrong on her lips and tongue. Especially knowing that he'd tried to stop, and she was the one who begged him to keep going. In her trauma and desperation for it to be him and not the monster, she'd begged him even while he pleaded with her that he couldn't. He hadn't been in control of his body, and she was calling him a rapist?

But if he wasn't a rapist, then what was he? What was he to her?

What did she feel for him?

She knew what he felt. All she had to do was look inside of her heart, to her magical core, and feel through the mate bond. She could feel every part of his despair and grief. She could feel it tearing him apart in every direction. She could hear his wolf howling as though the moon were right above him. She could feel the Veela mourning the pain of its mate, the pain that it had caused. She severed her connection immediately, before the emotions overtook her and sent her spiraling out of control of her own anguish.

Blaise placed a comforting hand on her back. "You don't have to feel anything you don't want to feel. I have Dreamless Sleep potions in my dorm. Want me to go get you one?"

Hermione stared back at him thoughtfully, before she shook her head. "No. I need to feel this. I need to remember the way this feels."

"Why?" His brow furrowed.

Hermione opened her mouth to reply, carefully sifting through her thoughts and feelings. While forgetting about everything for a night would likely not affect her memory of what happened, and while she did understand that Draco had not been in control of his body, there was one reason why she did not want the Dreamless Sleep. One reason which filled her with an immense amount of guilt at the darkness it showed existing within her spirit, darkness that she was unsure she was comfortable possessing.

"I want to feel his pain," she whispered, another tear falling down her cheek. "I want to feel it so I don't remember how much I . . ."

As the emotion overcame her again, Blaise was quick to wipe her tears away. He cupped her face in his hands and looked her directly in the eye.

"It's all right if you still love him," he said quietly. "It was him, but it wasn't, and it's confusing. It's confusing as Hell, it's painful, and there's no going back. But there's nothing wrong with still loving him - the wizard you fell for in the first place."

Hermione inhaled sharply. Love? Did she really love Draco Malfoy? She lowered her eyes, searching the air as though it held the answer for her. She was a logical person. How could it possibly be logical to be in love with a boy who wasn't even your boyfriend? Someone who you'd had some intimate experiences with, but never a date? Never any sort of label?

And yet as she thought the words, mulling over the particulars, she felt it creeping in like slow-moving lava. It burned her heart from the inside out and caused the tears to start rolling yet again. She leaned forward, still in Blaise's lap, and buried her head in her knees. She wept, for the umpteenth time, and tried to ignore the answering pulse of emotions that came from Draco through the mate bond. It was full of everything she didn't want from him: remorse, confusion, self-hatred, grief, anger, and concern. It didn't seem conscious, like he was projecting it in his desperation, not because he realized she could actually feel it.

She didn't want to love him. She didn't want to love a person who by his own selfishness, could let this happen to her. She didn't want to love the person whose body had torn her apart, whose voice she knew would torment her for as long as she was alive.

But she did.

Her shoulders shook as she lamented her own poor fortune, and Blaise wrapped his arms around her again. By the time she had run out of tears, Blaise had already helped her to her feet. He wiped her cheeks for her and then gestured to her bed.

"I think you should get to sleep," he said gently. "Want me to stay?"

Hermione shrugged, watching with faint nostalgia as he transfigured himself a chair to sit in by the bed. It reminded her of the time Draco had done the same for her, after Theo attacked her. The first time she realized he was a little something less than a prat. Her forehead tingled at the memory of his fingers against it.

"Oi. Bed."

"Oi," Blaise said, in an almost tortuously similar tone to the one Draco had used that day, all those months ago. "Get to bed."

Hermione pulled back her coverlet and slipped beneath the sheets, lying on her back and pouting up at the ceiling. Blaise plopped down in the chair and propped his feet up on the edge of her mattress by her waist. She shot him a look of annoyance, but he had conjured the latest copy of the Prophet out of thin air with his wand and was now scanning the front page.

"Well, that's lovely," he muttered.

"What?" she asked, clasping her hands on her stomach over the coverlet.

"Our best mate, Greyback, has graduated from estate grabbing to corporation control." Blaise sounded nonchalant, but she could hear the same bitterness that she felt in his voice as he opened the paper. "He now owns the Daily Prophet."

Hermione's brows knit together. That was disturbing. Death Eater estates, a Muggle laboratory, Cecilia Yaxley and Enicto Carrow's lycanthropy control potion, and now control of the press? She thought faintly of Muggle things she'd caught on the Internet at home over the Summers. What was control of the press a sign of?

Bad things.

But Hermione was much too drained and preoccupied to care about Greyback right now. She stared up at the ceiling. The last thing she wanted to think about right now was the Revel, which hadn't even been two weeks ago. It was still fresh, and with what had happened in the Library, she didn't think her mind could handle it all. As it was, she felt like she was broken in two. Like she just wanted to turn her emotions off and exist in limbo. Anything for a reprieve from the pain.

Blaise waved his wand and the bedroom light turned off. He then cast a small charm to light her lamp.

"Are you ready to hear what he said?"

Hermione rolled over to face the wall.

"No."

Blaise said nothing. A page turned.

Hermione tried to sleep, but it was difficult. As much as she tried to turn her emotions and thoughts off, she had no power to do so. She was no Occlumens by any stretch of the imagination. She didn't have the ability to compartmentalize her trauma and set it aside to deal with later or never.

Every time she closed her eyes, she was forced to face the memories of the ordeal, forced to remember the reason why her entire body ached. She knew she probably should have gone to the Infirmary, but now that she was on the other side of her initial meltdown, she had no desire to bring anyone else into this. She was fine with Blaise knowing, but she didn't want anyone - not even Luna - to know about this. She felt ashamed that she'd spent the entire year fighting for everyone to understand her reasons for maintaining a friendship with Draco, and she didn't want to see the looks of pity and we told you so on their faces.

Blaise flipped a page in the paper. "Do you want to -"

"No."

Hermione did not want to hear what Draco had said. She did not want to know what he felt, or what he thought, or what it was like for him. Because no matter how hard it was for him, it was ten thousand times more difficult for her. Having her body invaded like that, her pleas unanswered . . . The moment she'd realized that it wasn't Draco she was speaking to, the moment she'd realized what he planned to do?

It was worse than what she'd endured underneath Bellatrix's wand, and what she'd endured at the Revel combined.

The pressure in her throat was building again.

"I think that it's important that -"

"No, Blaise! Please!" Hermione ground her fists against her eyes as they filled with tears again.

Blaise set the paper down in his lap and she felt his eyes upon her.

"I'm your friend, Hermione. But I'm also his best friend. I don't condone what he did - what his choices led to - but I do know that he had his body taken over, too. What if he had been under the Imperius curse? Would you feel the same way you do now? Knowing without a shadow of a doubt that someone else was pulling the strings?"

Hermione threw her hands up into the air, remaining lying down with her face to the ceiling. "Of course not! But this is different, because we don't know exactly what happened!"

"I know that," Blaise said in a calm tone. "And you have every right to feel the way that you do. I'm not asking you to forgive him. I'm just asking you to let me tell you what he said."

"No."

"Hermione," he said with a heavy sigh. Then, she heard him cluck his tongue against the roof of his mouth. "All right. All right. I'm . . . I'm sorry. I just . . . I know this is hard. I shouldn't be making any of it about him. It's not about him."

Hermione lay in stony silence. She echoed his earlier words. "It's a complicated situation."

"It is." He let loose another sigh. "Just try and get some sleep. I'll stay until I hear you snore."

"I don't snore," Hermione scowled. "Draco is the one who . . ."

She trailed off. Even saying his name made her skin crawl. It was like they were kids again. Worse than that. She was going to have to start looking around corridors now. What if he walked up to her and he wasn't himself? What if the creature took over again? She couldn't run from a werewolf or a Veela, and she certainly couldn't duel both. She was a sitting duck to his abilities.

Hermione curled up into a ball, pulling the covers up to her chin as she listened to the occasional rustling of the Prophet in Blaise's hands. She was grateful for him being there. She had known he was her friend, but after this, she felt a stronger connection to him. She held no doubts in her heart that his friendship was true, and with the fact that he was the only person who knew what had happened between her and Draco, she felt like she could trust him.

She understood, too, what he must feel. Hermione was compassionate, and she always had been, so she could tell that it would be difficult to be the one caught in the middle of this. He had clearly chosen to stay by her side, rather than Draco's, and Draco was like a brother to him.

"Blaise?" she said in a small voice.

"Hm?" A page turned.

"Why are you here?"

He was quiet for a while before he finally spoke.

"I love Draco," he said softly. "I do. And I understand that he wasn't in control of himself - that something is seriously wrong with him. But I also care about you, because you're my friend. And after the Revel, not being able to help with that, I feel . . . Helpless. And somewhat responsible. I -"

"Blaise!" Hermione rolled over to face him. "None of this is your fault. You have nothing to do with this."

Blaise grimaced and folded the paper shut. "He's my best mate. I haven't been keeping as close of an eye on him as I should have. If I had, then maybe I could have helped somehow. I did manage to set up a meeting for us with Haggerty Prim at my home during Winter hols. I'm sure Dr - he forgot to mention it."

Not missing the fact that he kept trying not to say Draco's name out of respect for her, Hermione shook her head. "He never said anything."

"Well, maybe his mother hasn't written him back about their schedule yet for the holiday. But yes, Prim is visiting with my father for a month, most uncharacteristically, but it works out for us. We can get some answers."

Hermione sandwiched her hands between her head and the pillow. "So then why -"

"Because I think it's his fault," Blaise said simply, his face schooling into a very blank, Pureblood expression. Hermione hadn't seen that look on his face since Sixth Year, when everyone was on edge. He brushed off his shoulder, as though there were actually lint on his blazer. "I think it all started the night of the Revel, when he bit off more than he could chew. He should have let me come. He should have let me be a part of things."

Hermione frowned. She had caught herself thinking the same quite often, wondering how differently things may have gone had they had the good humor of Blaise mingling with the quick wit of Draco's silver tongue.

A twinge of pain wracked her heart as she thought of her mate, and she felt his emotions knocking at the door. She took several deep breaths and kept her heart firmly closed. She didn't care about the bond right now. She didn't want to feel anything from him.

But if she was being honest with herself, she did want to hear what he had to say. She wanted to hear it so she could hold it in her hands and decide what to do with it. She wanted to have control over something, when it was clear that she'd never had any control with Draco in the first place.

She supposed she should go back to calling him Malfoy now. Because she didn't know him anymore. He wasn't Draco. Something else was inside him.

Hermione didn't know who he was anymore.

Blaise continued, "Even though I have heard both of your sides, even though I understand that it wasn't really him who committed the act, I still blame him and think it's his fault. I see so many places this past month where he could have avoided this happening. He thinks I don't see how much he loathes himself. He thinks I don't know how often he wishes he had died during the Battle of Hogwarts."

Hermione stared at Blaise, at the way his fists were clenching around the Prophet's edges, and she felt her stomach flipping with the sheer magnitude of the words he was speaking. There were angry tears glittering in his eyes.

Malfoy hated himself? Hermione knew he was a bit self-deprecating, but she hadn't realized that it ran as deep as hatred. Hatred enough for him to want to die. She frowned and tried to think back to any sort of sign, anything she may have missed . . .

Hot anger lashed through her. This compassion would be the death of her. She didn't want to care about his pain right now. She barely had enough room in her body for her own pain.

Blaise let out a mirthless laugh. "D'you know I have a vitals trace on him?"

Hermione stifled a gasp as her eyes widened. "What?"

A tear fell down his cheek, which he viciously slapped his hand across to clear his skin of it. "He has no idea. I nonverbally cast it every morning the second I see him. He doesn't realize that I notice. He thinks no one notices. So I cast it on him to make sure he always has someone looking out for him, no matter what. If his heart rate drops below normal by even one beat? I'll be notified. I won't let him . . ."

Hermione watched with emotion stockpiling itself in her aching throat as Blaise's chin began to quaver. He glared off to the side.

"I won't let him punish himself forever for everything that happened before Eighth Year, but I also won't sacrifice my other friend's well-being for his benefit. I'm aware of how dangerous it is for me to be sitting here, not tending to him. I'm aware that I could lose my best mate. But what happened was wrong. Whatever's inside of him wants to have control of him, and because I've been enabling him, it was able to. It's his fault and it's my fault, because we've both dropped the Snitch. I should have paid more attention and Draco should have kept his fangs to himself."

His eyes snapped to hers and when he spoke, she saw his teeth flash.

"That is why I'm here."

Hermione let out a breath that she hadn't realized she'd been holding, realizing that her legs were trembling from the revelations he'd dropped, and from the realization that what had happened - this situation - might be enough to send Malfoy over the edge. She felt worry beginning to rake its claws across her heart, threatening to tear down the iron-clad walls she'd put up against the mate bond.

She wanted to go to him. To talk to him, to comfort him, to . . .

Squeezing her eyes shut for a moment, she curled in tighter on herself and fought the bond. It wasn't her bond. It wasn't theirs. It was the creature's. Her Draco was gone, and when she closed her eyes, all she saw was the crimson-red irises of a demon.

After a while of silence, during which Blaise regained control of his emotions, he finally announced his departure.

"I should go to sleep," he said wearily. "Will you be all right?"

Hermione, who was finally a bit drowsy, nodded. She had a lot to think about, but she did want to try and sleep.

Blaise leaned down to press a chaste kiss to her cheek and then he turned to go. Hermione watched him walk until his hand was on the doorknob, and then she couldn't help it. She blurted her question out quickly, before she could yank the words back and lock them up inside of her.

"What did he say?"

He paused and then turned his head towards her. When he spoke, he sounded sad.

"He said that whatever it was had a name. It had sentience, and it was powerful enough to trap his consciousness in a box of some sort. Some kind of . . . Magical prison. If it weren't for his wolf, he never would have gotten out. But he tried, 'Mione. He really did try."

With that, he left. The moment the door closed, Hermione scrambled to grab her wand off of the bedside table. She set a series of locking charms on it, and then she promptly turned and set the same locking charms on her window. It was just like Seventh Year when they were hunting the Horcruxes, only this time, she was protecting herself from someone that she didn't see as the enemy. Someone that she cared about. Someone that she . . .

Hermione fell onto her side with a gut-wrenching sob and cried herself into catatonia.

Hermione spent the next morning avoiding the Great Hall, sleeping in until the knocking at her door awoke her. She woke suddenly, staring at the door in fear until she heard the voice on the other side.

"Hermione? It's Luna. I didn't see you last evening . . ."

Hermione threw the covers aside and went to the door with her wand. She nixed the charms and opened the door slowly. Her eyes slid past Luna to look behind her, just in case, and then she put on a false smile so her best friend wouldn't see her shame written all over her face.

"Sorry," she said, "I wasn't feeling too well, so I went to bed early."

"Oh," Luna said, cocking her head to the side with a bit of a pout. "Do you need to go to the Infirmary?"

"No, I don't," Hermione said. "I'm all right now. Just needed some rest. Rainy days make me tired."

Luna looked behind her, out the rain-decorated window panes, and gave her a melodic giggle. "Yeah, me too."

Hermione did genuinely smile at that. "That is true. Now, I'm sure I'll miss breakfast, but we can walk to class together?"

Luna shook her head. "Actually, I came to tell you I got special permission from Headmistress McGonagall to spend first period decorating for the Christmas Party tomorrow. Are you feeling up to it still?"

Hermione nodded. "I signed up, didn't I? Let me just get ready, and I'll meet you down there!"

Luna left to go back down the stairs, and then Hermione immediately put the locking charms back onto her door. She trusted Luna, of course, but what if Malfoy's creature came back and wanted her again? She didn't want to be in the shower when she was attacked. She cast a security alarm ward, and then she went to shower.

Gingerly, Hermione washed her bruised skin, wincing when the cloth touched the soreness of her womanhood. She fought back tears at the sight of the fingerprints on her hips. She whimpered at the tenderness of her throat where he'd strangled her. Her head ached where he'd pulled her hair as she massaged shampoo into the short curls. She wept quietly as she remembered her own pleas for the creature to stop, for Draco to help, and cried into her hands as she washed her face. She'd been trying to get him to come back out from wherever the creature had trapped him, had hoped that her voice would appeal to his wolf, but it hadn't been enough. She felt weak and helpless and nothing at all like the Hermione Granger she used to be.

She pulled her emotions back into her heart and tried her best to put a lid on them for the time being. She wanted no one else to know what had happened. There were so many things that could go wrong if anyone in authority found out. As much as she was hurt and traumatized and destroyed by what happened, on a base level, it really wasn't Malfoy who had done it to her. It was the entity. It would be as unfair to throw an innocent into Azkaban for it as it was that it had happened to her in the first place. No, she would deal with this on her own, and she would decide when or if she could work things out with Malfoy.

As of right now, she wanted nothing to do with him for at least the entire day. She didn't know if she even wanted to go to Denmark with him, but with the news of Haggerty Prim being available, she was too intrigued to skive off the trip. That, and Narcissa had a right to know what was happening to her son.

Hermione threw on trousers and an oversized jumper, marveling at how warm it was in the castle, but reluctant to wear anything that showed skin. She cast a quick cooling charm on herself, thinking it may just be a too-hot schower, and then headed down to the common room with damp hair.

"There you are," Luna said in a chipper tone. "How about you start with the mantle, and I'll hang the mistletoe? It's best if I do it, since the Nargles are accustomed to me in the castle. They like to nip at your earlobes if they don't recognize you."

Hermione nodded, hoping she didn't look like she was too flushed, and then she shot a wary look to the empty fireplace. Why did it feel like the fire was on?

"How are things going with Draco Malfoy?" Luna asked as she set mistletoe to dangle and hover in the air from sparkling light strings.

Hermione started at the name, pushing back her automatic urge to cry.

"They're fine," she lied, her smile tight.

"Fine? How about with the vials I gave you? How are things going with that?'

Hermione remembered their conversation in the Library, remembered how Luna had expressed wanting to taste Hermione's blood. She assumed it wasn't exactly necessary anymore, seeing as she knew now by the magic in her mate bond that Malfoy was both a werewolf and a Veela. It was strange, though, now that she thought about it: why hadn't Malfoy seemed to need Hermione's blood in awhile?

"They're going fine," she said, a bit absentminded as she decorated the mantle with an extravagant setup of Santa and elf themed trinkets. She adorned the whole thing with twinkling lights. She looked over her shoulder at Luna to see if she looked like she suspected anything, and flushed when she caught her looking right back at her.

"Are you sure you're all right?" Luna tilted her head curiously, her wand busy levitating a series of glowing red poinsettias over to decorate the windowsills. "You look a bit pale."

"I'm quite well. It's just warm in here, innit?" Hermione said, flashing her a quick smile as she used her own wand to conjure up the biggest Christmas tree that she could manage to fit into the room. It reared up to the high ceilings, almost as big as the ones she saw in Muggle London, and she decorated it with ornaments that shone and sparkled, danced and twirled, sprinkling glitter like a rainstorm down to disappear and reappear at the top all over again.

"Hermione, that's lovely!" Luna gushed, not answering her earlier question. She clapped her hands. "It just needs one last thing!"

Hermione watched as Luna pointed her wand at the top of the tree and spoke another conjuring spell. She was unsurprised to see a stuffed kneazle appear at the top.

"It's mine, from home," Luna said with a bright smile. "We put it up every year."

"Well, I think it's excellent," Hermione said, reaching out to pat Luna's shoulder.

They fell into a comfortable silence, their wands twirling about as they hung flowers, ivy boughs, wreaths, and lights. Hermione focused on the task, hoping that if she made the common room look as festive as possible, then it would help her cope with the mounting feelings of anxiety that were growing within her. Luna pranced about, obviously having the time of her life, humming some strange song under her breath that when Hermione asked, she explained was called Randellian's Christmas Hymn. Hermione hadn't any clue what that meant, but she loved Luna all the more for it. She almost felt guilty about hiding what had happened from her.

The stairs were right behind her. Was Malfoy in his room? Would he come down for classes, even after everything? What if he snuck up behind her, and the entity was in control of him? She hated being so terrified, especially while doing something as happy-making as decorating the common room for a Christmas party, but what else could she do? The last thing she wanted was for it to happen again.

By the time they were done, the common room looked like Christmas had shown up and vomited all over everything. Snow and glitter was everywhere, and it smelled strongly of gingerbread and apple cinnamon. Everything was red, green, and gold, and Hermione couldn't help but smile. She wondered what her parents did for Christmas now, and she hoped they still put an angel at the top of the tree like she always remembered.

"Hermione! Luna!"

The suddenness of the male voice caused Hermione to nearly leap three feet in the air. She whirled around with her wand already in hand, eyes wild as she caught sight of Dean Thomas skidding to a halt in front of them. He had an iPhone in one hand and a black object in the other. He gave Hermione a strange look before he grinned.

"I'm the one who signed up to provide the entertainment," he said brightly, "and I was able to get Seamus's speaker for tonight!"

"Oh, that's great!" Luna said, her smile lighting up the room even further. "What is a speaker?"

"It's a device for playing music from other electronic devices," Hermione explained, and then turned to Dean. "That should be loud enough for the whole room with a sonorous charm. Unless you wanted to do an engorgio?"

"Oh, I'm going to use sonorous," Dean explained, holding the speaker out to Luna so that she could inspect it. "It's battery-operated, too, and he's got plenty of batteries."

Hermione nodded in approval, listening faintly while Dean explained what batteries were to a fascinated Luna. The castle didn't have electricity, and all the lights were operated by magic, so batteries were a must. She took a deep breath, willing her wildly-beating heart to still itself. She needed to force herself to be calmer in these situations, or she was going to end up accidentally telling everyone what had happened through a random scream or panic attack. Under no circumstances could anyone know. She felt ashamed of herself for not trying harder to either communicate better with Malfoy, and for not trying to find him a different mate if he was so worried about her blood. He'd said that wasn't it, but it was difficult to think that now that a creature had literally hijacked his mind and forced him into it. What if the reason he'd cried was because she was a Muggle-born, not because he was actually -

Her heart couldn't take it. That was absurd. She knew it was absurd as she was thinking it. As the thoughts crossed her mind, her insecurity took her by surprise and lowered her walls just a tad to the bond. The confusion, then relief, then horror that took over her body from Malfoy nearly sent her to her knees. She hurried to pull the walls back up, even though they were causing her magic immense strain, and she refocused on her friends.

"Draco told me in class the other day that you sing, Hermione?" Dean said.

Hermione stared at him, a roaring sound in her ears at the sound of Malfoy's name. Then, she blinked. It sounded foreign, hearing that he'd spoken to Dean and told him something about her.

"Wh-What?" she stammered.

"Yeah, we got partnered in class, and we just got to talking." Dean shrugged and the smile he gave her was hopeful. As though he were looking for her approval.

Too bad it was too late, and the need for approval regarding her something with Draco Malfoy was now moot.

"I see," she said, recovering quickly with a grin. "What of it?"

"Can you sing for the party tomorrow night?" His eyebrows raised emphatically. "I know it might be kind-of nerve wracking, but it would be really fun."

Hermione opened her mouth, thinking about it. She did love to sing, but the only time she'd sung aloud was at the Revel. It wasn't exactly the fondest memories. And with what happened in the Library, she wasn't sure she could face an entire room full of fifty-odd students and sing when she'd been crying since yesterday. She was a Gryffindor, and she knew she was supposed to be brave, but it was hard to be brave when she felt like all she wanted to do was sink into her bed and hide until the year was over.

She knew she couldn't do that, though. Not when there were things to be done and dealt with. Greyback was an issue, and if Malfoy really was being controlled by an entity, that entity would need to be expelled. Regardless of what had happened to her as a result, Malfoy was still a magical creature, and magical creatures had no one to look out for them but Hermione.

And perhaps singing would be a good distraction. She really did love it, and if she knew anything about happiness, joy was always found doing the things you loved. It wouldn't fix anything, and it certainly wouldn't erase what had happened, but it could help her bear the rest of that particular day.

"Let me see what you have." Hermione held a hand out for the phone. There was no Internet, so she'd have to see if she knew any of the songs in his music library. She scrolled up and down and then settled on Ariana Grande. "I can do it."

"Really?" Dean was grinning madly.

Luna said, "Wonderful, Hermione! I think you singing a Muggle song can be symbolic, too, and maybe we can talk a little bit about togetherness at the party?"

Dean and Hermione exchanged glances. With Pureblood witches and wizards who were likely still licking their wounds from choosing the wrong side in the war?

"Maybe we can skip the speech," Dean said, throwing an arm around Luna's shoulders. Hermione saw her stiffen and her nostrils flare and she tried not to grimace. Ron as her source or not, Luna was still a vampire and as far as Hermione knew, Dean was still a human.

"Yes," Hermione said. "It's best to let the music speak for itself, yeah?"

Luna smiled and gave a nod. "Yes, you're right. Well, then as long as everyone else has stayed on top of what they signed up for, then our part is done! What do you think, Dean?"

Dean put his hands on his hips and looked around, his grin getting impossibly wider. "I think it looks fantastic! All it needs is one more thing."

Hermione and Luna watched with faint smiles as Dean held his wand straight up and cast a charm on the ceiling. Snow began to fall, melting into nothingness before it hit the ground, and fading against the backdrop of their skin the moment it touched them. Hermione couldn't stop herself from smiling. She did love snow.

"Perfect," she said.

"Oh, Draco!" Dean said, looking behind Hermione over her shoulder. "Shouldn't you be in class?"

Hermione felt her hackles raise. She didn't want to turn around, but she had to if she was going to escape to her room. Because she had to go back to her dorm, where it was safe. Where she could hide away behind locking charms.

She could feel him. He was frozen on the stairs somewhere, she could feel him. His eyes were gouging holes out at the back of her body, and she was afraid that if she turned around, she would see that they were red. She gulped and tried her best to look calm. She knew that them running into one another was bound to happen, and she was a Gryffindor. Even if the creature was present, she could handle it. She'd made it through being violated by a demon; she could make it through looking Malfoy in the eyes.

As Luna and Dean smiled patiently up at him, Hermione slowly turned until she was facing him directly. Her heart raced and sweat gathered in the cracks of her palms. She felt like there was a smoky haze at the outer edges of her vision. Steeling herself against what she was sure to feel, she lifted her chin and looked him right in the eye.

He looked awful. His skin was pale and almost grey from what she could see above his all-black suit. His eyes were not red, thankfully, but the silver irises were glinting in a way that Hermione found familiar after seeing him cry so much the day before. His platinum blonde hair was a tousled mess about his head, falling into his eyes and Hermione could see that his lips were chapped. Worst of all was the haunted look in his eyes, like he hadn't slept in twenty years.

Malfoy gazed right back at her, and Hermione found that she did not recognize him. This boy was neither Draco nor Malfoy, and neither was it the monster. This person looked unknown to her - like a dead thing that had floated through the ocean to wash up on the beach and wait to be discovered or to rot, whichever came first.

Hermione took another deep breath and then slowly opened her heart and the bond to him. She needed to tell him one thing. One thing, and then she'd close herself off until she was ready to make a different decision. Until she was ready to face him again.

In the awkward silence, his emotions rushed in, a jumble of noise and consternation. They filled her heart to the brim with everything he'd been suffering with, but the loudest one of all was his concern. Was she all right? Was she taking care of herself? Why was her temperature so high? Where were her bruises? Had she gone to the Infirmary? As out of character as it was for Malfoy to ask those things aloud, she now knew that those were the things in his heart - the things she knew he would never say aloud.

Hermione remained resolute against the onslaught. She gathered her wits and formed them into one singular thought, which she pushed outward to travel through the bond.

I do not want anyone to know.

He stared at her for a long moment, face as indifferent as it had been the night of the Revel, and then she felt his affirmation in the form of a warmth inside her heart. Then, as quickly as he'd entered, he retreated through the bond and her heart was ice again. Hermione forced her own mixed, lingering emotions away, and turned back to her friends.

Luna and Dean looked confused and more than a little uncomfortable, and Hermione stretched a smile on her face that she hoped would assuage them.

"Trouble in paradise?" Dean muttered, and Hermione forced herself not to cringe.

Malfoy was a werewolf, amongst other things. He'd hear that.

"Everything is . . ." Hermione trailed off, then allowed her eyes to light up. "I'm going to head up to my room to get my things for my second period class. See you guys later?"

As they answered, Malfoy breezed past, off to Merlin-knows-where, and Hermione nearly fainted at the scent of spearmint as it smacked her full-on in the face. His emotions reared up over the walls of her heart, but did not go over the top. Spearmint dipped in distress, adorned with regret, and wrapped in a promise. It wasn't a loud message, but it was a clear one.

I hate myself. I'm sorry. I'll end him.

Hermione stood there, staring at the portrait as he stepped through it and shot her a scathing glance over his shoulder. It swung shut and Hermione found that she didn't know what made her knees feel weaker: the fact that he hated himself and had felt that way for a lot longer than since just yesterday, or the fact that he had the power to break down her walls the entire time that she'd thought they were iron-clad against him.

It was so hot in the castle.

Casting another quick cooling charm over herself, Hermione bid her good-byes to a thoroughly confused Dean and a curiously-staring Luna, and then she promised to see them in class. She practically ran to her room and leaned against the door once she was inside, half-terrified that Malfoy would double back and rip the door off of its hinges. When he was there, inside of her heart, his emotions peering down at her heart over the top of her walls, she'd known without a shadow of a doubt that she couldn't hide from the mate bond. It wasn't possible, and it never had been.

He was allowing her to hide from him.

Hermione went to her next class in a bit of a daze, her mind whirling. She set aside her trauma, unable to focus on anything other than the revelation that Malfoy was more powerful than he probably should be. She didn't know if it was the magic that made him so, but when she thought back to the past couple of months, she could see it. His ability to go days without drinking blood. His strength of will to fight biology and not mate her, whatever the reason had been. The way he'd challenged Greyback - a werewolf Alpha - multiple times without faltering until several tries later. And now she could see that their bond was not a bond of equals, but a bond where she was the omega to his alpha. He was clearly the one in charge, and that scared her more than anything.

The question was: who did the power come from? Himself? Or the creature?

She barely focused in class, making many mistakes on her classwork that the professor seemed perturbed by, and she went to lunch with a tight stomach. It felt like the temperature was rising in the castle, and she wondered why no one else seemed able to tell that it was sweltering. Sweat was causing her short hair to stick to the back of her neck, and the skin underneath her arms prickled and itched. She found herself casting near-constant cooling charms.

It couldn't be the same problem she was having before they mated . . . Could it?

Lunch was much the same as class had been, with the added awkwardness of dealing with a still-miffed Harry. He made snarky remarks, as was characteristic of him, and Ron's pointed looks seemed to be the only thing that kept him from launching into an all-out tirade. It was clear that the encounter in the corridor had affected Harry quite a bit more than she'd originally thought. She understood that, but her mind was just so full already; she didn't have any room to deal with Harry.

When she got to Advanced Potions, she was unsurprised and very relieved to see that Malfoy had skived off the period. She'd been dreading it since lunch started, not knowing how to feel about what she'd realized about the bond, and not knowing how to be in a room with him without having an anxiety attack.

She sat down at the front, like she always did, and pulled out her parchment and quill for the lecture. A flash of heat washed over her, her skin feeling scratchy, and she groaned to herself. Merlin, why was it so sodding hot in the castle? She cast another cooling charm, but it felt like she was tossing water onto a scorching hot stove burner. A bead of sweat rolled down the side of her face and she contemplated skiving off class herself. She wanted to fill her bathtub with cold water and leap into it.

Around her, the class began to fill, and it felt like with every body that entered the room, the temperature climbed. Hermione wracked her brain for something, anything that could help. This was worse than the last time, only instead of starting at her womb, it seemed to be creeping its way through her entire body. Every part of her body was bathing in fire. She didn't understand.

If she was in "heat" still, then did that mean that in order to alleviate this torment . . . She had to sleep with him?

Tears sprung to her eyes. She felt like her life was so unfair. She hadn't had any time to process everything, to sort out her emotions so she could make an informed decision about what to do. They were bonded, mated for life, but she knew she still had a choice about what to do with her body. Rather, she'd thought that she had a choice. But if it were true - if she was still in "heat" - then how much of a choice did she have?

This heat in her body, it had to be lupine in nature. Veelas were reptilian, dragon-like creatures according to the illustrations she'd seen in books. The fangs were serpentine. Maybe there was a potion she could take. Perhaps Wolfsbane worked to quell heats in mates, too, even if they were human.

"Hermione, we need to talk."

Harry plopped down in the chair beside hers and faced her.

Hermione turned to look at him, forcing her face to remain calm. She knew she was flushed, but she cast another nonverbal cooling charm on herself in the hopes that it would settle her skin.

"What would you like to talk about?" she bit out. "How you yelled at me in the hallway? Or perhaps how you treated my - my -"

Hermione turned her face away before the tears came. He was her nothing. He was her mate, but they didn't have a something anymore. And no one could know.

"How you treated Malfoy?"

Harry frowned. "Look, I'm sorry that I yelled at you - I didn't mean for us to row. You know I have a bit of a temper. Frankly, I may have taken Ron's leftover temper when he started seeing Luna, but I digress. What I'm trying to say is that I apologize for what happened."

He rested his hand on her arm and Hermione felt her emotions overwhelming her for a second. Harry was her best friend and always had been. If she wanted to tell anyone what happened, it would be him. He would know how to comfort her, he would know what to do.

But she held in the desire. She knew what would happen if she told him. He would go mental, and Malfoy would end up dead. Though judging by how powerful Malfoy was, it would likely be Harry who ended up lifeless on the floor. She couldn't have either of the people she cared about hurting each other.

Because deep down, she knew she did still care about Malfoy. She couldn't turn her feelings off, especially when she knew that he wasn't the one who had raped her. He was the one who had tried to stop. She cared about the man who tried to stop.

She should have let him stop.

"Thank you, Harry," she said, resisting the urge to touch his hand lest he feel how sweaty she was.

Harry nodded and studied her closely for a moment. "Are you all right? You look flushed again."

"I'm fine," Hermione said with a strained smile, and then she faced the front. "It's just warm in the castle."

"Hermione, it's been freezing cold all day!" Harry said, sounding surprised. "I mean, Godric, I'm wearing two jumpers under my robes."

Hermione rolled her eyes and prepared to retort with some lie or another, but the professor began to speak, effectively silencing them both.

Slughorn lectured them for a long time, or at least it felt that way with how in pain Hermione was. She tried to settle her thoughts with her extremely rudimentary knowledge of Occlumency, but it was like setting up a cardboard box and sticking it into a lit fireplace. The heat had already filled her entire body, and was now coalescing at the center of her abdomen. It was growing denser and denser, making it harder for Hermione to think clearly.

Right as the lecture ended, as Slughorn was explaining the directions for their classwork, Hermione felt the sphere of heat drop straight down into the center of her womb. The feeling of it was overwhelming as her entire lower body began to pulse with intense, overbearing need. She forced herself to remain as still as possible, even as the pressure in the apex of her thighs mounted. The pain of it made her feel like she was going to keel over and pass out.

Then, just as she thought she might burst out into tears, her magic and instincts took over. She had no idea where the words came from, or how she knew how to form them, but her heart pushed them out to the nether all the same.

Alpha, please help me. I need you.

The moment she sent the words out, the panic overtook her and she threw her walls back up. She knew it was futile, knew that he'd already heard them. His magic rumbled on the horizon of the bond like a dark, angry storm. It zoomed along the pathway between their magical cores and loomed over her heart like a protective cloud. She heard his voice clearly in her head, quiet and determined.

I will take care of you.



But it's up now xD

 

 

Invisible


Candy by Doja Cat, The Chain by Evanescence, Struggle by Tove Lo, Come Undone by Tove Lo, and Sorrow by Flyleaf

Song that Hermione sings in the stairwell: Let the Flames Begin by Paramore

Hermione POV

Hermione worked with Harry during Advanced Potions, and while the conversation had started out stilted, by the end of the period, things felt a lot better. They hashed out their issues regarding the argument, and Hermione managed to assuage Harry's concerns about Malfoy's little display of enhanced speed by telling him Draco had taken a vitality potion that day because he was unwell. They'd then discussed what to do in the future, and Harry agreed to be less hostile.

"I will be civil," Harry had agreed icily. "But that's all I can promise. Civility."

"I'll accept it," Hermione had replied as she stirred their potion.

After class, Slughorn approached her and told her not to worry about the two detentions she'd received. When she asked him why, he'd said that he was getting old, and he couldn't remember why she had gotten the detentions in the first place. At first, Hermione wanted to protest, but when she felt a bead of sweat rolling down her temple, she knew she'd better just get out of the classroom. Harry congratulated her under his breath on Slughorn's aging, and then the two of them left the room.

Malfoy stood there, arms crossed and leaning his shoulder against the wall. He was facing the potions classroom door, his eyes trained steadily on the ground, his hair falling forward into his eyes. When Hermione stepped out into the corridor, his eyes lifted from the floor and zeroed in on her. It was quite unsettling, the way they were so sharply focused on her, like she was the only thing on the entire planet worth looking at.

She took a step backward, the memories rushing in, and nearly stumbled into Blaise. She heard his voice saying her name in surprise, then felt his hand on her elbow from behind.

Malfoy's silver gaze shot directly to Blaise's hand and remained there, his face somber.

"What's going on?" Blaise asked, and his voice sounded tense. "Drake, mate?"

Malfoy said nothing. He just stared at Blaise's hand, arms still crossed over his chest, shoulder still propped against the wall. Around them, students were filing out. Harry walked out past Blaise and slowed as he passed Malfoy. He looked back at Hermione, who held her breath and nervously drew back against Blaise's front.

Harry did what he'd promised. He was civil. He gave Malfoy a curt nod. "All right, Malfoy?"

Malfoy continued to stare at Blaise's hand.

"Fine," he mumbled. Even his voice sounded strange. Blank and void of the turmoil that she'd felt from him earlier.

Hermione felt nervous. His eyes were not red, but why did he sound so unemotional? What if the creature was back? She felt the fear returning, mingling with the memories, and Malfoy's eyes finally snapped up to meet hers. She nearly cowered. It felt like he was looking into the center of her magical core.

"What are you doing here, Malfoy?" she asked, reinforcing her voice with threads of anger for strength. Blaise's hand on her elbow was a steady constant, and Harry standing nearby reminded her that she wasn't alone, even if the monster was the one she was talking to.

His gaze seemed to bore into her.

"You call for Alpha, he comes," he said quietly.

Hermione blinked, and if it weren't for Blaise standing there, she might have taken another step back. Alpha? Why was he referring to himself as Alpha, and in the third person? She frowned, eyeing him in bemusion, and then she gasped slightly. This wasn't the demon, and this wasn't Malfoy.

It was the wolf.

Her mind raced as her naturally inquisitive mind urged her to ask questions. She started forward, but Blaise stopped her.

"Wait, 'Mione," he said a bit darkly. "Something is off."

"Nothing is off," Hermione said, sounding somewhat begrudging. She turned and gently removed Blaise's fingers from her arm. She looked up at him and gave him a faint smile that she hoped looked encouraging. "Go on ahead without me."

Blaise looked disturbed. "And leave you here alone with him?"

Hermione opened her mouth, but found that she didn't know what to say. As she stood there, she felt sweat rolling down the center of her back, and an unpleasant pulsing heat in her loins. She hated it. She hated it, but the mate bond had apparently seen fit to coax her into sending out the plea for his help. She would try to resist what biology wanted her to do, and would instead use the time to ask questions. She was fascinated by the fact that she was in the presence of the wolf, and she wanted to know what it had to say. It felt a lot less terrifying speaking to it than to Malfoy, or to the demon.

"I'm sure it'll be fine, Zabini," Harry said, blissfully unaware of the reason why Blaise was so hesitant. "Wanna walk together?"

Blaise started to shake his head, but Hermione offered him a meek smile.

"We have to talk eventually," she said in a low voice. She could feel Malfoy's eyes on her. "Better now than never, and I'll call for Professor Slughorn if I need to."

Blaise sighed heavily and then pursed his lips. "You're sure?"

"I'm sure." She turned back around to find Harry peering at them with a puzzled expression, and then she looked at Malfoy. He was still watching her like a hawk. "Shall we go to the alcove?"

He nodded once, and then pushed off of the wall. His hands fell to his sides and he walked towards her. Hermione fought the urge to flinch away, even as the memories assailed her, and gave Blaise one last thin smile. He gave her a reluctant look, and then he went to join Harry. They walked away, Blaise sending her one last worried glance, and then Malfoy's body was blocking them from view.

Hermione trembled as she tilted her chin up to look up at him. The heat in her body was increasing to the point where she could barely breathe, and when he lowered his face towards her neck, she thought she might faint. Her fear warred with the desperation her pain was causing her, and she clenched her fists beside her thighs.

"Mate smells like the wizard," he growled, and he pulled back just enough to be able to look into Hermione's eyes. To her astonishment, he flashed his fangs. "Alpha doesn't like that."

Hermione peered at him curiously. "Why?"

He snarled again. "Mine."

Hermione's heart skipped a beat. She thought to herself for a moment. Were Malfoy and his wolf one being? What about the Veela? Who was it that felt she belonged to them? From a scientific standpoint, this was fascinating. Malfoy's wolf had the ability to take control of his body. Was that a werewolf trait? If so, was that how the entity had taken control? Or was that separate? She knew the entity was different because it had spoken more coherently. The wolf seemed only able to speak summarily. Could the Veela also do this, or was its genetic code ingrained in Malfoy's body?

As questions barreled around in her head, she finally felt a bit of relief from her grief. Learning. Something she'd always loved and would never tire from. It had always been the best way for her to lose herself, and right now, she felt like it was the only thing that was giving her a respite from the pain and confusion.

She tilted her head as she regarded him. "Mine," he'd said.

"Yours? Or Draco's?"

"Both."

Hermione nodded slowly. It was as she'd thought. So Malfoy was separate from the wolf. From Alpha.

Thinking the word made her hands tremble and her knees feel a bit weak, but she forced herself to remain focused. She gestured with her thumb behind her, to the opening of the alcove hallway. He just stared at her. Hermione wondered how present the wolf was in Malfoy's mind when it wasn't the full moon.

"Do you not remember the alcove?" she asked curiously.

Alpha shook his head. "Alpha knows only the boy's thoughts."

Hermione held her chin, peering up at Malfoy, whose wolf kept referring to himself as "Alpha." When her magic had sent the plea out to him, he'd responded in the first person point of view. Had the wolf taken control after that? And why now, when he'd been a werewolf for a while? She could feel the cogs spinning and wheels turning in her mind. As painful as it was to be in heat, if that's what she was going to call it, the allure of getting answers to questions she'd never have the courage to ask Malfoy were things different was too great.

"And what does he think of, most of the time?"

Alpha's silver eyes pierced into her. "Granger."

Hermione ignored the racing of her heart and turned, leading him over to the alcove. They stood near the window, Hermione at the sill and Alpha a ways behind her. She took out her wand and cast as many wards as she could on the area, including the most powerful Disillusionment spell she could muster. She wasn't sure what she wanted or what she felt, because her intrigue regarding the biology of her mate was helping distract her from the overwhelmingness of it.

She leaned against the sill with her hands behind her back, the sound of the steady rain adding to the calm vibe that surrounded them. Alpha stood there, staring down at her with an almost calculating expression. Like he was analyzing her, watching her to see what she would say or do next. It wasn't like the Library, where his eyes were a different color and Hermione could clearly tell that Malfoy was not who was present. Looking up at Alpha was like looking at a Malfoy who had shed the mask that society forced him to wear. Like the things about him that he tried to hide - his dominance and his intense, analytical nature. How quiet he was, when everyone expected him to have some sort of arrogant thing to say.

Hermione knew this was her chance to get some answers, answers that might help her make sense of how she felt about the trauma, and she was going to set biology aside to do so.

"At the Revel," she started, and then she looked up at him, trying not to lose her breath at the way his gaze pinned her in place. "At the Revel, Greyback called you - him, or you - whoever . . . Greyback called you beta. But you refer to yourself as Alpha. What does that mean?"

"Greyback is Alpha of his pack."

"And do you have a pack?"

Silver eyes glittered. He combed his hair back, which seemed like a Malfoy sort of move. "Alpha is not strong enough yet."

Hermione arched an eyebrow. "Yet?"

Draco would have averted his eyes. Alpha held her gaze.

"Alpha will get stronger."

Something about the gravelly tone to his voice rolled all the way through her body and went straight to her loins. Knees weak, she leaned fully against the wall beneath the window, her hands curving tightly around the windowsill to anchor herself upright. She forced her eyes to remain locked with his.

"Do you have a name?"

He wet his lips with his tongue and took one slow step forward. "Alpha."

"Does he have a name?" Her breathing quickened. The memories of her ordeal were drifting towards her, pushing through the scorching hot haze of her mind.

Alpha nodded. "But Alpha does not know it. Neither does the boy."

Hermione frowned and looked down at the ground. If it was a demon, then perhaps knowing its name would give her power over it, just like in Muggle horror movies. She felt an ache in her heart. Maybe if she could gain power over it, she could keep it from taking over Malfoy again.

Apparently, Alpha had similar ideas. It was clear he wanted to gain some sort of control over something, too. Hermione remembered the night of the Revel, how large Malfoy's wolf form was. It was nearly as big as Greyback's. Were Alpha wolves a certain breed, or were they like other animals that varied in size and shape according to genetics? Perhaps the strength of their magical cores before being infected with lycanthropy affected their conduciveness to being Alphas and Betas?

Did he call himself Alpha because he wanted to be an Alpha? Or because he saw himself as an Alpha in his own right?

Then, Alpha spoke.

"When Alpha is here, when Alpha is in control . . . The monster is silent. Alpha can hear the boy, and the boy can hear Alpha, but the monster is blocked."

Hermione bit her lower lip anxiously and then said, "Blocked? By who?"

"By Alpha," he snarled, a sudden rage flaring up in his eyes.

Hermione stared up in surprise. So the wolf had the power to keep the demon out. For how long? And what role had the wolf had in what happened in the Library? Had he just been caught off guard? What if he -

She shook her head. She didn't want to think about yesterday.

Hermione turned around fully and gazed out the window, her palms flat on the windowpane. The coldness of the glass grounded her, the rest of her body baking like an oven while her hands prickled with the icy chill. She took in the sight of the grounds, of the rolling hills and the Quidditch Pitch in the distance, the rain pouring down from dark grey clouds almost ominously. She bit her lower lip.

Even though it felt like tossing a pebble into a lake full of problems, she had one thing that she needed to know above all else.

"Alpha?"

"Mate." His voice sounded a tiny bit closer.

Hermione felt the hairs on the back of her neck standing upright, but she did not turn back around.

"What does Draco - the boy - think of my blood status?"

"The boy cares for Granger," he growled.

"But what about my blood?" She fought the urge to whirl about. Her voice was tinged with the bitterness of insecurity. "Does he find it sullying? Too muddy, and that's why he wanted nothing to do with my body beyond what he could marginally stomach? Was I so unclean to him, to his precious Pureblood bloodline, that his disgust got me raped by a monster who was so sick of waiting for him to let us both die to avoid being with me that he attacked me?"

A tear fell down her cheek, faster than the raindrops on the window, and she didn't bother to wipe it away.

There was an extended period of silence, during which Hermione continued to weep silently. Her throat ached from holding in her urge to sob, all while the heat in her body continued to burn her from the inside out. It was torment, but she would gladly let it eat her alive if that's why this had happened. If Malfoy was so repulsed by her that it had caused the demon to take her, then she would rather be scorched to ash than stand here breathing the same air as him.

"The boy cares not for blood status, Granger." Alpha's voice came from directly behind her, causing Hermione to stiffen marginally and stare so hard at one of the far-off Quidditch hoops that it blurred.

"Then what does the boy care for?" she whispered.

"The boy . . . Cares for Granger."

His hands began to slide down the length of Hermione's arms, his palms covering her own on the window. They were so much larger than hers, reminding Hermione of how weak she was compared to him. How weak she must have been to not be able to fight the monster off.

Hermione's voice shook as she drew backward, as if to escape, but Alpha's body was a wall of warm stone against her back. Her heart was breaking.

"If he cares, how could he let this h-happen to m-me?" she whimpered, her voice cracking.

Alpha's left hand curled inward, his fingers twining around her own. Seeking the comfort, Hermione dragged their clasped hands to her chest, their right hands remaining pressed to the window. She ducked her head down, tears still falling steadily, and took a shuddering breath.

"Alpha, does he . . . Does he like hurting me?" She squeezed his hand, feeling her heart pounding erratically as she fought back the desperate sob that wanted to come out. She flinched as though she could still feel his hand against her bottom, the whip tearing into her flesh, the back of his hand against her cheekbone. Was that all the truth, when she'd thought they were just playing roles? Was there truly a monster? Or was Malfoy the monster? As she thought the words, they didn't feel right, but they had to be true. They had to, because it just kept happening. Bad things just kept happening.

"He must like hurting me," she said, her tears increasing. She wasn't strong enough to hold back a whimper. "Because he keeps doing it. Over and - and over . . . I must mean . . . I must mean nothing to - to him, I . . ."

She began to weep unashamedly, her knees going weak as she slumped forward. Alpha's arm tightened around her and she felt his other hand removing itself from the window. He pushed her hair back, pressing kisses to the side of her face, tasting her tears, small growls coming from the depths of his chest. Hermione felt him enveloping her, his magic wrapping around them in a way that felt alien and yet not completely unknown, and she relished the ability to weep without feeling like the ground was going to tumble out from beneath her feet.

"Alpha will take care of you," he murmured into her ear, his growls fading into lupine whines. "No tears."

No tears. I love you.

Hermione's mind splintered as the mental images she had of Malfoy, Draco, Alpha, the monster, and her dog Louis all jammed themselves together and looked at her. She let out a wail and dissolved into the gut-wrenching sobs she'd been hoping to never feel again. It felt as though her soul were dying, being ripped apart by all the things she knew and didn't know. She had no eloquent words to explain how broken she felt by what had happened, and how conflicted she felt about finding solace in Malfoy's arms - the arms of her mate, her Alpha - when his body was the one who had dropped her off to break.

As she sobbed, Alpha began to speak into her ear.

"Alpha never hurts his mate. Alpha hurts when Granger hurts. Alpha blames self when Granger hurts."

Hermione sucked in a breath. He continued, and when he did, Hermione could almost hear Draco's voice melding with his, two becoming one as synonymously as could be.

"Draco hurts when Granger hurts."

Hermione didn't know what exactly did it. It may have been the way their magicks reacted when she pushed hers outwards towards his. It might have been the feeling of his lips kissing the skin underneath her ear to comfort her. It might even have been the words of affirmation leaving his lips. It might have been one of those things or all of those things, but the wave of heat that suddenly washed over Hermione's body was all-encompassing and terrifying.

"Alpha," she sobbed, her right hand dragging his down to the front of her trousers. "I don't want to hurt anymore."

"The boy doesn't want that. We will take care of you." Alpha's hand stilled, nearly drawing back. "The boy wishes for Alpha to tell you -"

"I don't want to hear it," Hermione spat through her tears, the pain of her heat and emotional trauma mingling sending her mind into a near-delirious tailspin. Then, just as quickly, her anger faded into desperation. "I don't want to hear anything right now. I just want - I need - I need -"

She didn't want to say it. Not after yesterday.

But it hurt so badly.

Hermione's hands had minds of their own. She pulled his left hand tighter against her chest and used her other hand to pull frantically at the button of her bottoms. Alpha growled and pushed her hand away, taking control and ripping the entire button off. She heard the distant clink as the metal hit the stone ground and for a moment, her mind was clear enough to realize that she was missing her final class of the day for this - clear enough to feel guilty for doing what she was doing - and then his fingers were on her core, seeking to erase not only the pain, but the horrors that the demon had wrought upon her body.

"No tears," Alpha whispered, but it was Draco's voice. "Please. No tears."

Hermione's legs shook. He was stroking her outside of where she needed him - where her body craved him - and her legs trembled violently. Her hips rolled like the waves on a stormy sea as she tried to grind against his hand, seeking friction. She could hear herself whispering pleas underneath her breath, her head falling back against his chest and her lips falling open as she tried to catch her breath. Sweat was rolling down her back - it was too hot. The temperature, she felt like she was going to melt.

"Dr - Al . . . Alpha, please," she moaned, her hand pushing and pulling at his wrist. She didn't know who it was - whoever he was - she just knew that she was in pain and she needed it.

"Alpha will take care of you, always," he growled into her ear, and then his fingers slipped inside of her over-wrought body.

The resulting pleasure that came from being filled by something sent an almost-violent shock through her body and sent her careening out into a space that was occupied by millions of glittering, breathing stars. She cried out and lost herself in the tail-end of a galaxy, allowing Alpha's hand to play her body like a fiddle as she swirled around and around to its burning center. His left hand released hers and traveled down to her hips, where it pushed up underneath the hem of her jumper and caressed the flat of her abdomen.

Hermione felt her bruises beginning to flame, to feel tender, and she whimpered. "Alpha, n-no, it . . . Hurts, it -"

"Alpha won't hurt Granger." His touch lessened, grew softer, and she felt his teeth scraping lightly at the flesh of her neck. She felt her body relaxing in his by the slightest, and his fingers continued to stroke her stomach lightly. "Alpha will fix it. Alpha will make everything better again."

Hermione felt his fingers sliding out of her and up to press against her pearl with motions that were much gentler than the nips of his teeth and lips to her neck, and the contrast caused her hips to buck. She could feel parts of her conscious mind trying to break through the haze of the heat, trying to remind her who she was with and what she was doing, but it was like a magical barrier had come up to keep her from it. A magical barrier than revealed the truth, rather than hide it behind questions and puzzles.

This was her Alpha. He was her mate. He would make the pain go away.

He may have looked like the monster, and felt like the monster . . . But he wasn't the monster.

This was her Alpha. Not the monster. Alpha. Alpha. Draco.

She moaned, the heat in her womb intensifying by the moment. There was a hollow emptiness inside of it that begged for him. It yearned to consume him, to draw him in and let it chase the heat away until she could breathe again. Her heart ripped itself open. "Draco, Gods, please!"

She raised up on her tip-toes, her fingers grasping the windowsill as the sparks that rippled all throughout her body intensified into lightning bolts. She was hanging right at the edge. She was so close, and then the pain would stop. Then she would fly, and he would catch her and bring her back.

Alpha's face pressed to her neck, and she heard him let out a heavy breath, his body moving forward until she was pressed firmly to the wall with the windowsill digging into her lower belly. His teeth scraped her throat again, and he ran his tongue in a molten-hot line to her ear, where he sucked the lobe into his mouth. Hermione's entire body sang to the Heavens for comfort, for release, for Draco. For whatever she could get. She ground her hips against his hand as his fingers moved her arousal against her, and she whimpered like he was remaking her in his own desired image.

"Ah, fuck, good girl," he groaned into her ear, and the voice was entirely one note. One note of despair, of anguish that she recognized in herself. "Good girl. Come on."

Good girl. Yes, she was good. She'd be so good. She'd be . . .

Good . . . Girl?

The world began to tremble around her, rumbling with realization and pitching her forward so that her hand slammed against the window hard enough to make it vibrate. She was scared and emotional and she wanted to turn and look over her shoulder, but she couldn't. Hermione's eyelids fluttered open and filled with tears again.

She hung off of the cliff by the edge.

"Draco? Is it you?"

He let out a desperate, ragged sound, and then he was pressing almost feverish kisses to her neck. "It's me. It's me, I -"

Hermione surrendered herself to the haze, letting it carry her away into the stars, and the orgasm that rippled through her body when she did so was so arresting that she choked on the air in her lungs. Her entire body shook and convulsed as she rode out her climax against his skillful, deft fingers. His other hand moved from her belly up the front of her chest, dragging to wrap around her throat and tilt her chin back. The heat in her body was exploding and imploding at the same time, and she was only barely aware of the fact that there were tears streaming down his face before he was kissing her mouth.

Their tears mingled, and Hermione kissed him back with everything she had in her. All of it. From her insecurities to her trauma to her desire to her pain to her fear. She let him take it, hoping that he could taste her grief in her mouth that their first time had been taken from them by a monster.

"I'm sorry," he whispered desperately, kissing her lips over and over. He pulled his hand out of her slick heat and wrapped his arm around her waist. His left hand gripped her chin tightly. "I'm so sorry. You're my everything, Hermione. You're everything to me, you understand?"

Hermione could barely hear him. The heat was in her head. She felt like she was boiling. Her magic was starting to burn her. She pulled her lips away with a fervent cry. "Please, Alpha. In-Inside me . . ."

"Draco," he murmured, holding her chin and his tear-filled eyes scanning her face. "Call me Draco."

"Draco," she moaned, rolling her hips back against his. "Draco, I need you."

"Fuck," he sobbed. "I can't just -"

Hermione couldn't handle the thought of walking away when the heat was so painfully scorching her flesh. She bent forward, arching her back as one hand gripped the windowsill and the other curved around the edge of the wall. She pushed her hips backwards again. She didn't want to turn around and see that his eyes were red, and that was the last conscious thought she had.

Her heat took over, and delirious pleas sprang unbidden from her lips.

"Draco, please. Please. I'll do anything. I'll do anything."

"Stop," he said, sounding commanding but sad. "You don't have to promise me anything. I'll take care of you."

His hands gripped her hips and then spun her around. Her head fell back and their eyes met for the briefest of moments before the overwhelming emotions brought their lips crashing together once again. Hermione's fingers tangled in his hair and pulled with ferocious zeal as she dragged him as close as she could get him. Their tongues battled back and forth between each other's mouths, and then she was sitting in the windowsill. The coldness of the window did nothing to combat the heat in her body and all Hermione could do was moan into the kiss.

Draco's hands roamed all over her body, caressing her breasts and sliding up to cup her face. Her head slanted down over his from her position on the sill, and she pulled her wand out from within her sleeve. She pulled out of the kiss and prepared to vanish her trousers.

Draco's hand shot out and wrapped around her wrist, and he gave her a pleading look.

"Wait. I don't want -"

Hermione fought against him, the heat causing her to act almost manic. She whimpered, locking her ankles behind his rear and rolling her hips against his. She could feel that he wanted her - she wanted him now, like this, here. Without anything ruining it. She rolled her hips again, her lips pressing wet, open-mouthed kisses to the junction of his neck and shoulder, and she heard the wanton moan that he issued forth like a merman's song. The moment he rolled his hips to meet hers, she felt the dam beginning to crack. She cast a contraceptive charm and then let her wand clatter against the floor so she could go back to pulling at his hair.

She didn't know exactly what she was doing. Her heat-addled mind was influencing her actions, telling her to do whatever she could to relieve the insane pressure that had never abated between her open thighs. Her trauma-ridden heart was telling her to drown herself in Draco before he was gone again. To try and get their first time back.

"Bite," she begged, pulling his head up by the hair at the back of his skull. She tilted her head to the side, feeling his lips brushing her neck. "Bite me, Draco."

"Oh, fuck," he growled, and then she felt his fangs sinking into her neck.

Her magic responded immediately, and she felt the scent of her arousal wafting up between them as he fed from her, his tongue sending tiny pulses down to her clenching womb as it pressed to her sensitive skin. She spread her legs wider, her feet flattening against the wall beneath the sill, and snaked her hands between them to drag his length out of his trousers.

"You'll thank me."

"Don't worry. You will be grateful for this."

"I'm not him. But you do belong to me."

Hermione ran from the voice, letting it chase her further into Draco's embrace, urging her onward. The faster she consumed him, the faster she would be cleansed. She knew it. She just knew it. The faster everything would stop hurting. The faster she would stop burning.

As her fingers closed around him, stroking the length of him as full as she could, Draco dragged his fangs out of her neck and snarled. His eyes flashed and then his hands tore at her knickers. He kissed her neck and face, finally ending on her lips as the fabric was split in two. Hermione felt the beginnings of her fears starting to break through, so she quickly drowned them by kissing him back with more fervor than he had to have expected.

Their kissing became a battle for dominance, until his hand came up to wrap around her throat again and pressed her into the window. His eyes flashed hungrily and he stood there, studying her the way Alpha had studied her, and she saw them both looking back at her. She leaned forward, feeling the press of his hand against her trachea, but he did not back away.

"We should stop," he whispered, a frown knitting his brown beneath his tousled blonde hair. His blazer was rumpled, his tie loosened from their heavy snogging, and Hermione knew she probably looked much the same. His eyes drew her in, and everything else around them fell away. The students, the corridors, the castle walls. The Revel, the demon, their past. All that was left were Draco and Hermione.

"Draco, please," she whispered, her eyes trained on his lips. She felt him, millimetres away from her core, and she shook with need. She didn't know why she wanted it, she just knew that right now, every fiber in her being was telling her that the only way she was going to look at him and see Draco was if she did this with him now - now, before the demon came back.

Their lips brushed and they breathed one another's air. He shook his head, his eyelids half-shut. His hands moved to her thighs, fingers trembling with repressed energy. "I can't hurt you. I don't want to hurt you."

"Erase him," Hermione begged, her eyes wild as she beseeched him. "Please erase him!"

The look in Draco's silver eyes intensified and just as they began to water with emotion again, he closed them and kissed her deeply. As he did, she felt him sliding inside of her as far as he could go in one smooth, solid thrust. They both cried out simultaneously as he bottomed out and Hermione's walls clenched around him, wracking her body with ecstasy. Her eyelids fluttered open and looked down into his, and within them, she saw him. No Malfoy, no Alpha, no monster.

Just Draco.

"This should have been our first time," he whispered, a tear falling down his cheek that Hermione caught by holding his cheeks in her hands. "I'm so sorry."

Hermione, overcome with emotion, just shook her head and pressed her lips to his in a kiss. She didn't care that they were in the alcove hallway outside the Potions classroom with only muffliato and a Disillusionment charm to keep others from stumbling upon them. She didn't care what happened yesterday, or what it all meant. She didn't care that she didn't know whether or not to forgive him, nor if they could ever go back to the way things were before. She just cared that they were finally one person, that they were together in every single way. Friends, master and slave, sir and good girl, predator and prey, Alpha and mate, witch and wizard . . . She didn't fucking care.

"Mine," she whispered, and then she started to cry. She wound her arms around his neck and kissed him lightly.

"Mine," he whispered back, and the tears that dropped down his cheeks were kissed away by her forgiving lips.

Her magic felt like a sweet song, and when it reared up to meet his for a melodic chorus, her heart crooned.

Their eyes locked together with rivers of bliss running through them. Draco pulled out and pushed back in, her legs spreading wider of their own accord. He wrapped one arm around her waist, and put his other hand on her hip to anchor himself as he set a careful, steady rhythm that had Hermione's entire body shivering. She had no metaphors to explain how good it felt to have him inside of her, chasing away the darkness that the monster had left behind, and she didn't want to stop to think about any of them, lest she miss out on even one second of what it felt like to be one with the person she had wanted to be one with.

"You're so fucking perfect," he moaned, his brows pushed tightly together. "You feel fucking perfect. It's everything. You're everything."

"I need you," Hermione said, overcome with sadness and pleasure and something entirely different. Something that dragged tears out of the depths of her heart. "I need you. Please don't leave again. Please stay."

"I'll stay," he said, his arm tightening around her. His forehead tipped forward and landed on her shoulder. "So good. You're so good."

Hermione's hips met his thrust for thrust, the delicious intensity of him filling every inch of her body rendering her nearly speechless. Her stomach twisted, parts of her body that she hadn't known existed thrumming with magic and energy and electricity. She moaned louder than she thought possible, and she felt sweat pouring from her body as she quite literally tried to fuck her trauma away.

But she could feel them. There, on the horizon of her mind, were the memories. Memories of bruising fingers and crimson-red eyes. Memories of the demon.

What he was doing wasn't everything. She needed all of him. Every part of him to match every part of her, and then maybe, just maybe, the monster would be gone.

"More, Alpha," she managed to choke out. "Give me you. You, Draco."

He shuddered visibly and then she felt something snapping into place in the air around them. She felt his magic rearing up and shoving hers backward, and then her head fell back.

Draco straightened his back, and his hand went to her throat again. He slammed his cock in and out of her body, watching their lurid movements with a look of concentrated longing on his face. He bit his lip and moaned, and then he bared his teeth in an animalistic snarl. The hand of his that wasn't around her throat swiped at her pearl with precise, firm motions, and Hermione felt her entire body seizing up.

"Fuck, Hermione. Oh, fuck. Your cunt is so fucking tight. Are you close?"

Hermione nodded, sucking her lower lip in-between her teeth to stifle her whimpering moans, and he shook his head.

"I want to hear you, love," he breathed, his eyes smoldering into hers. She saw a hint of Alpha in there, but mostly just him. Just her Draco. "Come for me. Come for your Alpha."

Hermione felt his words ripping through her from her head all the way down to the tips of her curling toes. Her eyes rolled up and her head slammed against the window over and over, his fingers playing with her body until she came around his length exactly the way he wanted her to. Her magic flared to life again, and she felt like she could hear it screaming in her ears as she cried out aloud with her pleasure. Draco growled and his pace increase as her walls clutched at him, and then he moaned.

"Come here," he snarled, yanking her forward by the throat so he could press his lips against hers. One final, firm thrust, and then she heard the long, low groan growing in his chest as he came deep inside of her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and he wrapped his arms around her waist, the two of them cradling each other close. He gasped for breath with his face buried in her neck and then, collectively, their magicks shrunk away from one another.

"I'm so sorry," he whispered, and then he burst out into tears.

Hermione was rigid as he wept, his tears sliding down her skin, and she felt sick to her stomach.

What had she just done?

She was trash. She was less than trash. She'd just been raped, and here she was, sleeping with the same person who . . . She squeezed her eyes shut as she slid out of the windowsill, still in Draco's bone-crushing hold, and she tried to remember that it wasn't him, it was the demon.

And yet it was still Draco's hands that the demon had been disguised in. It was still his boy that had been used to violate her. She was nothing, if not a slag for doing what she she'd just done. She felt confused and conflicted and like she just wanted to lock it away where she didn't have to deal with it.

She honestly didn't know how she was supposed to put on a smile and attend a Christmas party tomorrow when she felt this way.

"Please," she whispered, feeling shame filling her body. "Let me go."

He stepped back, his arms slowly falling to his sides and he gazed down at her without bothering to wipe his tears. Hermione felt something keening inside of her, yearning to wipe them for him, but she refrained. She didn't know how she felt anymore.

Hermione leaned down to grab her wand, and then she cast a tergeo. She restored her knickers and trousers, watching as Draco slowly zipped and buttoned his own trousers.

She lowered her eyes to the ground and then when she looked up, she was surprised to see that his face had gone somewhat blank. His tears looked like jeweled adornments. She peered at him, perplexed.

"Draco?"

"He hurts." Alpha had returned.

"Oh," Hermione said, her voice quivering. Her mind felt as blank as Alpha's facial expression. She rubbed her arm with one hand. She didn't want to be here anymore. "Will he be at the Christmas party tomorrow night?"

Alpha nodded curtly. "When Granger's heat returns, Alpha will come."

Hermione chewed the inside of her lip. She hadn't thought of that. That had been the third time the sudden wave of warmth had accosted her body. She didn't think it was a good idea to experience it again, but she had no idea what she could do to combat it. She sighed and then looked away.

"Granger will - I mean, I will . . . Let you both know?" It came out as a question, because she felt awkward. She didn't know how to deal with the fact that she had magical "heats," and she didn't know how to cope with the decision she had just made. It hadn't erased anything. It had only temporarily covered it up. She hadn't even begun to think about the fact that she was now mated to Draco for life.

And he was Draco, now that she really thought about it. She couldn't go back to calling him Malfoy. Malfoy was gone. There were only three: Draco, who was as entwined with his Veela as he was with his magical core; Alpha, his werewolf; and the monster, who she knew lurked somewhere in the background.

Alpha nodded again. "Alpha must tell Granger. The boy pines and hates, and it is the reason why. Not Granger's blood."

Hermione lowered her eyes. "What does he pine for?"

"He pines for Granger."

Her heart skipped a beat. "And who does he hate?"

"Himself."

Hermione closed her eyes against the small wave of pain that hit her at hearing it aloud again. So because he hated himself, he pined after her, and that was why he hadn't mated her? Why did he hate himself so much? Who could hate themself so much that they saw another person as off limits, even if it meant saving that person's life?

A small weight lifted from her shoulders, but in its place, another was left behind.

His self-hatred had caused her to be violated and torn apart by a monster. How could she forgive him for his part, when playing his part was the reason the monster had hurt her?

Hermione sighed and murmured, "Thank you, Alpha."

She turned to go, and there was a whoosh of air. Alpha appeared in front of her, and she gasped in shock and lingering terror. He kept his hands at his sides, but his gaze trapped her right where she was, still within the range of the muffliato.

"Granger should know," he said, voice muted and serious, "that Granger became the boy's the moment you defended his pack. Now, Granger is his pack."

"And how would you know that?" Hermione lifted her chin and frowned. "He was cursed with, well with you in September. I spoke for his father in August."

"When Alpha woke up inside the boy, the boy's magical core was already twisted with the Veela's. The Veela claimed Granger long before Alpha bit Granger." Alpha cocked his head to the side and his eyes pierced into hers much like a curious owl's.

Hermione searched his eyes with her own thoughts. So Alpha - the werewolf - could read Draco's magical core like a book. Draco was already presenting as a Veela before he was cursed with Crabbe's scratch, which she had suspected, which explained how he could be two magical creature species at once. If the monster had taken over because Draco was close to withering to death, then what were the chances that he had presented much sooner than September?

"And what would Draco have done if I didn't want to be his mate?" Hermione asked, still frowning.

"Die."

Taken aback, Hermione said, "And what if I don't want to be a part of his pack? What will Draco do?"

"Die." His gaze burned into her, as steady as a running river.

The word hung in the air, heavy like smog in London, and Hermione felt it coating her lungs and throat like a film. It seemed that now, he was the one whose life hung in the balance. Hermione didn't know how much choice she had in the matter, but she did know that she would make the decision her way: through informed study.

Hermione needed to know what role the monster played. It was sentient and it was intelligent, and the chances that it was a demon was extremely high, in Hermione's opinion. She needed to go back to the drawing board with her new insight and double down on the demon research. First, she needed to take a more in-depth look at the book she'd bought in Hogsmeade. Next, she needed to get the diary of MacGriogair from Bill. Then, she still needed to go to Denmark so she could go with Blaise to see his father and Haggerty Prim. And finally, she needed to talk to the monster.

She should probably write to Narcissa Malfoy, too. A teatime was likely in order, if she was going to be mated for life to her son.

"I will go now," Hermione announced.

Alpha nodded for a third time, and did not reach for her, which she was grateful for. He allowed her to walk past him too, and she forced herself to go at a normal pace until she was around the corner of the alcove, back in the corridor.

And then she ran all the way back to her dorm, where she locked herself in until dinner.

Dear Narcissa Malfoy,

I hope my letter finds you well; I'm sure there is snow in Denmark right now that your owl is likely to detest. I have yet to deliver this letter to the owlery, but when I do, I plan to use the Malfoy family owl. I hope that doesn't bother you, but I typically use the Weasley family owl, and he is blind in one eye. It's best he doesn't take flight in the snow.

Upon our arrival in Denmark, I would love it if we could take tea together by ourselves. I have something important that I wish to discuss with you.

In regards to your request that I sing at some point, just know that I play the piano!

All my best,

Hermione Granger

It was the day of the Christmas party, and it had taken Hermione thirty minutes to write about two paragraphs in a letter to Narcissa Malfoy. Narcissa was not someone you jotted a quick note to in the post, and Hermione was unsure what her mindset was around Muggle-borns. The last thing she wanted to do was write on parchment that she was practically married to Draco, and that he may or may not be possessed by a demon. Once it was written, she sealed it with a wax stamp and tucked it into her purse. She would take it to the owlery aft, mail it off sometime that day, and the first thing on her list would be crossed off.

Hermione spent the previous evening in her dorm, skipping dinner because she was too nervous and ashamed to be seen after what she'd done with Draco in the alcove. She knew that there was no possible way anyone knew about it, and she knew that it was unlikely that Blaise would tell anyone about the Library situation, but the shame that permeated every nook and cranny of her body was absolute.

She took three showers before she went to bed, but when she woke, she still felt unclean. She laid in bed for hours, staring at her wall, mulling over everything she had learned from Alpha.

What she knew so far was that Draco had been a Veela for quite some time, and had unwittingly chosen her as his mate, for whatever reason. He may or may not have been aware that he wanted her as his mate, but his behavior towards her before Crabbe scratched him could prove it. Helping her when Azalea Chirithy jinxed her, assisting her with the cauldrons in class, taking it upon himself to investigate her attack in the owlery - even going so far as to "recruiting" Rory Bell and Koichi Harada. It all showed there was some sort of feeling towards her present before Alpha showed up.

Thinking of Alpha as a separate entity - as a werewolf who was her mate - it was easier to stomach what she'd done with Draco in the corridor. Biology was science, and science was undeniable. She'd been in heat, a heat that was likely to ensure offspring and continuance of the wolf's family or "pack." She'd been in pain, as heats were usually a bit painful for, for example, cats. So her magic and the mating bond had sent out her silent plea, and then Draco had answered. But he'd hidden himself away because he was in emotional pain, and Alpha had come to assist instead. As intense and straightforward as Alpha was, he was a lot more comfortable for Hermione to be around than Draco was at the moment.

But when she thought of him as part of Draco, the guilt came rushing back. She'd slept with the person whose body had been used to violate her, to tear her body apart and force her to feel things the wrong way. Hermione had only ever asked for three things from Draco: consent, safety, and security. Without those things, it had been wrong. Add in the horror of speaking to the sentient monster that had taken control of him, and it was something that Hermione had never thought would happen to her. Something she could only think up in her worst nightmares.

Control of his mind or not, Hermione felt disgusting. She'd slept with the body of her rapist. As much as she cared about Draco, the monster had succeeded in inflicting whatever pain he'd wanted to inflict. He'd succeeded in causing Hermione to feel like she might never be able to be with him without feeling her skin crawling. She'd thought if she just slept with him like normal - shagged him the way she would have had they had the choice to do it the right way - that she would be able to replace the trauma with something else. But she should have known that it wouldn't work.

She should have known she would feel worse.

How was that fair, though? It had been quite possibly the most passionate experience of her life. How was it fair for her to feel disgusting after that when he hadn't been in control of his body or his mind? He never would have hurt her, and all he'd done since was cry every time she saw him. Draco Malfoy. Crying. That was surreal, though not as surreal as thinking of herself as being in some sort of relationship with him.

At some point during the night, when she was lost within her thoughts and not paying attention, his consciousness brushed against hers through the mate bond. She hadn't reacted, and so he'd slipped into her mind and just rested there for awhile. His emotions were under control, as though he were simply there to be there - as though he'd found some sort of solution to the pain he'd been feeling the day before. Hermione didn't know what that solution could be, but it did feel nice not having to deal with her emotions and fend off his own turmoil.

So Hermione had just let him remain there, connected through the bond. She let him see what she was feeling, let him feel her pain and torment and self-loathing, and she wondered if his lack of response was because he didn't know what to do, or if it was because he was too scared to do anything. She hoped it was the former, but had a feeling it was likely the latter.

She went into heat again, too, her fever blistering underneath her skin and leaving her shivering in pain. She made sure he could feel that she didn't want him anywhere near her right now, and that was the only time she got any sort of emotion out of him.

Concern. It bled out of his consciousness like a wound, filling her up with his worry and his desire to take care of her, and she didn't want any of it. She did, but she didn't. She didn't want to lose herself in him. She didn't want to feel his hands on her body. She didn't want to hear his voice.

She touched herself and he knew she did it, but it didn't relieve her ache and his concern intensified.

When she awoke, he had severed the connection, but the feeling of him still lingered, almost as though he'd been in the room with her.

Hermione skipped breakfast, not feeling hungry even though she hadn't eaten dinner, and managed to make it to her first two classes. She put all of her focus into them, finding that it felt quite nice to just be a student for a little while. To not focus on werewolves and Veelas and the Revel and demons and the fact that she couldn't sit next to any of the boys in her classes because she feared they might try to touch her. Her professors were a lot happier with her today as opposed to previous days, where she'd been distracted and listless, and it made Hermione feel a little more removed from her trauma.

At lunch, she sat down amongst her friends, sitting on the very end of the bench beside Luna so no one could sit on her other side. She kept a smile plastered on her face.

"Where's Malfoy?" Harry asked from across her, his voice sounding a bit strained. He'd promised to be civil, and politeness was a step in the right direction. Hermione

Draco was not in the Great Hall. At the sound of Harry's question, Hermione found herself the target of multiple Eighth Year student gazes.

"I think he's in his dorm," Hermione answered with a quick flash of a smile, pushing away memories of him feeding on her the previous afternoon. "He takes his meals up there quite often."

"Pompous prat," Seamus Finnegan snorted as he tucked into his stew.

Hermione just stared into her food. In her head, she could still hear the sounds of his sobbing. He wasn't pompous at all.

"All right with you two, Hermione?" Dean watched her from Harry's right, his smile calm and friendly.

"Everything's fine," Hermione said with another polite look as she paused in her eating. "We're friends."

There was a bit of an uncomfortable silence, and Hermione felt Luna scooting a bit closer to her. Hermione had no plans to tell her about what happened, but Luna seemed to sense that something up.

"Perhaps the mistletoe will help," Luna whispered to her before popping a strawberry into her mouth.

Hermione gave her a small smile. "Perhaps."

Perhaps.

"Hermione?"

Hermione nearly had a panic attack at the suddenness of the male voice coming from behind her, and she whirled around to see Bill Weasley standing behind her. He was holding a book out to her that looked quite old, with a dark brown leather cover. The pages looked misshapen, like they were all different sizes, and Hermione knew from experience that this book was from the Renaissance period. It was the diary that she'd already been planning on getting from him in class that day. He grinned.

"I just thought I'd bring this to you directly," he said in a tone that was more chipper than Hermione thought she would feel for years. "I'll be leaving for Shell Cottage for the Winter hols on Saturday, and I figured you might want it for some reading this holiday, yeah?"

"Oh, thank you!" Hermione said, her heart rate winding down as she took the book from him and began to flip through it. She would need an enlargement spell to read MacGriogair's spidery handwriting, and she had a good feeling about the journal. There would be something useful in it, she just knew it. It would also give her something to distract herself with while she was in Denmark, since it would likely be stressful trying to navigate the choppy waters of her something with Draco.

Granger.

"Oi!" Ron sat up straight on Luna's other side and pointed at his elder brother with a spoon. "Mum's going to be right miffed if you don't show up for Christmas dinner on time!"

Bill rolled his eyes at him, earning Ron a couple of snickers from their classmates. "Mum knows where I'm going to be, and she also knows I'm going to be back on time. Fleur and I have a Portkey."

Granger, are you all right?

Hermione, a bit confused as to what happened and what was going on, realized that it was Draco that she was hearing her hear, and she could feel his anxiousness through the bond.

I'm fine, she sent back. Even though she knew that he clearly had the power to get into her head no matter what, she put up her mental blockades and refocused on her surroundings. She didn't know how she felt about the fact that he was paying so much attention to her emotions, but then again, it may be like a constant broadcast inside of his head. She had no idea what it was like being a mated wolf, or even an Alpha wolf, but it was clear that no matter what, he was watching over her.

She really didn't know how she felt anymore.

Hermione thought about how she felt all through Advanced Potions. Draco was there today, much to her discomfort, and she made sure to pick Ron as her partner before anyone else could ask her. It was nothing against Harry, but Ron was a lot less invested in negative opinions than she was. He talked her ear off, too, so she didn't have to say anything. She didn't have to put her mind on anything other than the potion they were working on, which was a lot less stress-inducing than thinking about Libraries and crimson-red eyes.

But it was inevitable that Hermione would lock eyes with Draco once or twice. He worked with Blaise, of course, who was dividing his time between giving Draco concerned looks and shooting Hermione encouraging smiles. Hermione wondered when Blaise had become such a mother hen, but then she realized that it probably had been overwhelming and frightening for him to have been thrust into the middle of her nightmare, with her screaming and Draco crying.

When Hermione did meet his eyes, she wished she hadn't.

He watched her from his table as he stood and worked, his gaze smoldering across the room at her as though he didn't care if she burst into flames. She spent half of the work time terrified she might go into heat again (which would not be out of the ordinary at this point, since it seemed to happen twice per day), and the other half panicking that he might come and speak to her. She didn't want to talk to him. She didn't know what she wanted.

She didn't like looking back at him, remembering how the monster's hands inside of her body felt exactly the same as Draco's.

It wasn't until she breezed out of the classroom before anyone could stop her, that she realized she was angry. Angry at herself, angry at him, angry at the monster. Herself for being so naive and throwing herself in front of swords for someone when she was Hermione Granger and she was supposed to be the one who wielded them. At him for putting his blasted self-preservation first, guarding his heart so ferociously when her safety was at stake. At the monster, for raping not only her body, but his body, too.

At the world, for dealing her a really great hand, and then taking it away to replace it with the shittiest cards it could possibly dole out.

"He's loving you," Luna had said.

And Hermione had been trying to love him back, but he wouldn't let her. He wouldn't let her, and now she would never know if she loved him for real.

She felt like she'd lost him.

As she left the Potions classroom, she glanced behind herself before she took the stairs, and she saw him walking slowly with Blaise. Blaise gave her a small smile, but Draco just gave her that same piercing, intense expression. The one that said I'm sorry and I hate myself all at once. The one that made her feel like she was melting.

Her eyes lingered on his and she tried to tell him I know and please don't with her own expression. Then, just as his brows were lifting, Hermione turned and walked up the stairs so she wouldn't be tempted to talk to him until she was ready.

During dinner, the table was abuzz with excitement about that night's common room Christmas party. Everyone who had signed up to help had done their part, and it was all set to go off without a hitch. Hermione and Luna contended with an onslaught of compliments on their decorating job, and Dean Thomas saw fit to gush excitedly about how Hermione was going to perform songs for the Eighth Years for the entire dinner.

Hermione found herself growing more and more nervous as the hour-long dinner waded on. The more everyone wanted to know about her little hobby, the more anxious she got. She worried she might sound terrible, or she might forget the words. She wished she hadn't agreed to it. She wasn't ready. She wasn't in the right mindset.

"Hermione, where are your flowers?" Luna asked suddenly towards the end of dinner, her voice quiet.

"My flowers?" Hermione grimaced and touched the side of her fringe, where she normally wore them. "I suppose I haven't been feeling very happy these past couple of days."

"I noticed," Luna said, turning towards her a bit. "Is there anything that I can do to help?"

"I wish that there were," Hermione said softly, before she could stop herself. She gazed at her soup. Draco wasn't in the Great Hall, and she couldn't help but wonder if he was hungry. She didn't know what was wrong with her. Why did she care if he was hungry?

Was she completely incapable of putting herself first?

Luna watched her for a long moment, and Hermione just continued to stare at her soup. Around them, everyone was talking and laughing, and it felt like Hermione was living on an island.

"Just remember that I'm here," Luna finally said, and she placed her hand atop Hermione's to squeeze it. "Whatever's going on."

Hermione looked at her directly, at her best friend's gentle, caring expression, and she had the strongest desire to tell her everything. Her eyes watered and her chin trembled, and Luna's hand tightened around her own.

But she couldn't. She couldn't tell anyone. Blaise knew, and that was enough.

"Thank you, Luna," she said instead. "It means so much to me."

Luna's smile faltered with concern. "Of course, Hermione. Just . . . Don't try to do everything all on your own, all right?"

Hermione nodded and opened her mouth to reply, but was stopped by everyone suddenly getting to their feet in an excited frenzy. Her and Luna's attention was drawn to them, watching as they enthusiastically proclaimed their intentions to start the party.

"Let's get back to the common room, Lu," Ron said, holding his hand out to his witch. "They're starting the Christmas party early!"

Luna giggled as Ron whisked her to her feet. "Hermione, will you be coming?"

"I have to send a letter first," she said, smiling. "I'll be in afterward."

She waved good-bye to her friends as they dashed off out of the Great Hall, and then Hermione turned back to finish her soup. She was taking forever to eat, she knew, but every extra second she took was more precious time to try and relax. Honestly, she'd sung at the Revel in a high-pressure situation that was life-or-death. Surely she could make it through a common room Christmas party.

Hermione got up when she was done and began to make her way toward the owlery. It was finally time to send her letter to Narcissa Malfoy. She had just exited into the corridor when she heard someone's voice calling her name.

"Hermione!"

Hermione turned in time to see Bill trotting up to her. She gave him a querying smile, and saw that he was holding something new out to her. It was a small glass vial of silvery white liquid.

"What's this?"

"This is the Wolfsbane potion you asked for," he said with a wry grin. "I couldn't very well give this to you in front of students, you know. It's just a small amount for you to be able to use for your experiments, or whatever it was you said you were using it for."

Hermione thanked him and reached for it, but Bill held it just out of her reach for a moment. He gave her a pointed look.

"Remember. This is only for study." He lowered his voice and set it on her palm, wrapping his fingers around her hand. "Do not give it to anyone. Do not tell anyone I gave it to you, either."

Hermione nodded frantically, fighting the urge to beg him to let her hand go. She stared up at him with wide eyes, and a look of trouble curiosity crossed his face for a moment. He let go of her hand as though it were hot and pulled it back to his side.

"Are you all right?" he asked, brow furrowing. "You look like a frightened owl."

"I'm fine, I - I'm quite well," Hermione said, and she quickly tucked the vial of potion into her satchel. She forced on a smile, but Bill just looked perturbed.

"You don't look well. Hermione, what's wrong?" He took a step forward, and Hermione scrambled backward.

"I'm fine. Honestly, Bill," she said with another forced smile.

She could feel panic rising in her. She didn't want him to find out what happened. She wanted to know what she felt before she made any decisions, and the last thing she wanted right now was for Draco to be found out by the Ministry. If they found out he was hiding the fact that he was a magical creature, he could be punished for the lie. And if they found out he was the equivalent of a scientific anomaly, then he might be killed or imprisoned or taken for some sort of magical study.

There was just too much that could go wrong, and even though she didn't know what exactly was their plan, it just felt like there was a plan of some sort in place. Like it would be ruined if anyone found anything out, even if she didn't know what it was that was going to be ruined.

"I'll see you tonight at the Christmas party," he said, and she could hear the blatant suspicion in his voice. "I'm chaperoning. Will you be there?"

"Yes," Hermione replied. "I will."

"And will Draco Malfoy be there with you?"

Hermione avoided his eyes. "Not with me, no."

There was a silence passing between them, and Hermione became aware of the fact that it was a silence that was charged with unsaid things. She chanced a glance up into her friend and professor's eyes, and she saw it there.

He knew.

She didn't know what he knew, but he knew something.

"Hermione, I just want to let you know that in spite of everything you did during the war . . . There are some questions you can't answer through rigorous study," he said. "Sometimes . . . Things just are, and they can't be fixed."

"There's nothing to fix," Hermione said, still trying to smile. "There's no problems, or questions to answer."

He sighed. "Sometimes things - people - just are what they are, and even though they seem like problems . . . You don't have to be the solution. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

Hermione stared at him for a second, and then she had to look away. He knew. He knew something about Draco. She was dangerously close to panicking, and she didn't need to hear Draco's voice in her head again, thinking she was in mortal peril. She shook her head furiously.

"There are no problems," she said in as firm of a voice as she could manage. "There are no problems and therefore, there is no need for any solutions."

As she moved to leave, Bill stepped in her way. She gasped and steadied herself, a hand in the hair at the side of her head.

"Bill, please," she said, looking up at him. He didn't understand. He needed to move, or else she was going to start freaking out.

"Hermione," he said firmly. "Sometime. People. Just. Are. There's nothing that you can do to fix them, and you don't have to be the one to put yourself in charge of the restoration efforts. People are what they are, and it's not your obligation nor your responsibility to ensure they have the lives they want. You make the decisions for your life. Do you comprehend what I'm trying to say? You . . ." He trailed off, cursing under his breath.

She closed her eyes. He knew Draco was a werewolf. He knew, and he was trying to tell her that she didn't need to be Draco's mate, that she didn't need to help him with anything. Bill was dancing around it, but she knew.

He was two days too late.

"You're right, Bill," Hermione said, brushing past him. "People are who they are. But that doesn't mean they deserve to be condemned to falling apart just because it's no one's obligation to hold them together. Sometimes, it's okay to do things for other people because you just want to."

She continued on, leaving him behind to absorb her words. She didn't know what he was going to do, if he truly suspected what she thought he did, but she did know that it didn't matter what he said. She was Draco's mate, and even if she kept as far away from him as possible while she sorted through her emotions, she was still going to be his mate at the end of the day. There was no reversing that.

"Hermione, wait!" he called.

She stopped and turned to look at him, brow furrowed. "What?"

"Please just . . ." He sighed and pushed a loose strand of his long hair behind his ear. "Be careful. Whatever you do - whatever you're doing with Draco Malfoy . . . Just promise me that you will be careful."

Too late. Two days too late.

Hermione gave him a nod, then turned and walked away.

She felt Draco reaching out through the bond, tentative and questioning, but she sent him the largest wave of anger she could muster. Anything to let him know that she was not okay, never going to be okay, and there was nothing he could do because it was all his fault.

Hermione kept her head down as she walked to the owlery, lost in her thoughts and trying to make sense of the things that had happened. She tried not to think about the Library, but it seemed stupid to even make a half-hearted attempt. There would be no forgetting it. It wasn't possible to forget trauma like that.

She felt like her brain had been tossed down a hill and left to tumble down amongst the dirt and rocks. It felt unusable. She had no idea how she had even made it through classes that day. She was definitely glad that tomorrow was Saturday, and officially the first day of Winter holidays, because she wasn't sure she could make it even one more day without snapping and spiraling out of control.

As she rounded the last turn before the hallway that led to the bottom of the tower, Hermione heard hushed voices coming from just ahead. She halted as fast as she could, not wanting to interrupt what sounded like a private, important moment between . . .

Harry and Daphne?

"You said that you wanted it to be casual," Harry was hissing. "You told me - and I quote - I don't give a flying Snitch if you get back together with her. I'll still be the best fuck you ever have. The only reason why I didn't go back with Ginny is because you made it feel like I was losing some sort of challenge if I did!"

"And I stand by that very accurate assessment," Daphne replied, sounding angrier than him. "The reason you didn't get back with Ginny is because you and her never had any real feelings for each other. But you and I? We were clearly anything but casual. We shagged for the entirety of August, Harry!"

Hermione's eyes nearly popped out of her head.

"You never said you wanted to be serious, Daph!" Harry said, his voice rising sharply.

"It was implied!" she shrieked, her voice echoing. Then, she lowered it back to a snarling whisper. "It was implied that my feelings for you were stronger than something casual."

"You Slytherins," Harry spat out. "You talk in riddles, and you never just say what you want or mean. If you wanted to be together, you should have just said so!"

"And hear you rejecting me, the great Chosen One looking down his nose at me for being Slytherin trash?" Daphne's voice broke.

Hermione felt her cheeks flushing. She wasn't typically one to eavesdrop, especially not on Harry, but from the sound of it, they were right at the foot of the owlery tower entrance. She did feel pity for Daphne, knowing how reprehensible her father was. She wasn't the nicest to Hermione at the start of the year, but since Harry obviously saw something a little less cruel in her, perhaps that meant that Hermione could, too. After all, Hermione had been able to see a little something less bitter in Draco.

"Daphne, I would never think that of you," Harry said softly.

"Then what do you think of me?"

Hermione's blush deepened as the conversation fell silent for a moment, and she realized that Harry was likely spelling it out for her the best way a man knows how. She turned to go back the way she came, thinking it might be awhile before they wouldn't be bothered by any newcomers, but stopped when she heard Harry speaking again.

"That is what I think of you, Daphne Greengrass. And the reason why I didn't go back with Ginny is because I'm in love with you, and I'm the one who doesn't give a flying Snitch. So guess what we're going to do?"

Hermione heard Daphne let out a sob. "What are we going to do, Harry Potter?"

"We're going to walk back to that common room, right into the center of that Christmas party, and we're going to do it together. Everyone's going to know that we're going together, and by the end of the night, I will have snogged you under every single mistletoe that hovers over us. And you're not going to leave my side for the entire night."

They went quiet again, the silence punctuated by occasional whispers, and Hermione debated leaving the corridor again.

Hermione felt tears springing to her eyes, and she smiled bitterly. As happy as she was for Harry, she was sad. She was sad because if she closed her eyes, she could almost imagine that if the monster hadn't taken over Draco's body and ruined everything, she might be hearing words similar to those herself.

Because before everything fell apart, Hermione would have snogged Draco in every part of the castle if it meant that she could call him hers in front of everyone.

Hermione panted for breath as she drew back against the wall. Harry and Daphne's voice got quieter, their footsteps echoing loudly in the corridor as they walked a different direction. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut.

Harry and Daphne were together. Daphne Greengrass. Daphne, daughter of Gareth Greengrass, quite possibly the creepiest attendee of the Revel. The wizard who'd touched himself to the sight of Hermione being whipped. The wizard who deserved to be behind the bars of Azkaban for the horrid things he likely had done to Muggle-born girls. The wizard who currently - Hermione hoped - possessed a Muggle-born slave that quite possibly had been kidnapped away from her family.

And her best friend was going with his daughter.

Hermione waited until their footsteps had faded to head up to the owlery with her letter for Narcissa. She didn't know how much more shock she could handle. She wanted Harry to be happy, but how ignorant was Daphne to her father's hobbies and interests? How much did she know, and what sort of secrets was she not telling Harry?

It was all too much, everything. Greyback and the Revel and demons and the whipping and all of Draco's bloody apologies.

She just wanted the simplicity of a whispered confession in a dark corridor, the feeling of Draco's hand in her own, and a Christmas party scandal.

Hermione trudged up the stairs with her wand out in her left hand and the letter in her right. She felt so beyond depressed, that she thought she might have to sit down half of the way up. She almost didn't even want to send the letter. What was the point? What was the point, when she wasn't even Draco's mate by choice?

Yes, she'd told him she would do it to save his life, but it was essentially a marriage bond that wrapped around her magical core and his life force. She had no idea what would happen to her if she went outside of it, or tried to break it, but she did know that once bonded, a werewolf would die without its mate. A Veela was the same, and Draco was both. There was just so much they didn't know, and even if they had just had two extra weeks, maybe Hermione could have learned everything she possibly could so she could make an informed decision.

"I am looking for the owl which belongs to Draco Malfoy?"

Hermione stood in the center of the owl's roost, staring up into about four-score quietly blinking eyes. She scanned the birds, looking for one that might be the Malfoy family owl. She didn't have to wait long, it seemed, because one came floating down before her question was even completed, landing on her outstretched arm with grace that only Draco's owl could possess. She gazed at its onyx feathers and golden eyes openly, finding it strange to be holding his familiar like this. She couldn't help but wonder what Draco might think of Crookshanks and of Pakatugg, and then she felt another wave of sadness.

Simple things. Simple things that she felt she must not deserve to have, if she didn't already have them.

"Take this right to Narcissa Malfoy, please," she said, looking at the owl on her arm curiously. She reached down into her satchel to see if she had anything to give him for a treat, but he didn't seem interested in waiting.

The owl hooted and took off with a gentle downward swoop of his wings. Hermione watched him go, wondering what his name was, and then turned to go back inside. She started down the stairs slowly, wand still out for her protection, and wondered when things were going to go back to normal for her life.

She remembered starting the year with such good intentions. She'd wanted to pass her N.E.W.T.s, delve more in-depth into Potionmaking, and spend her free time studying to create a potion that could help her parents. She figured wizards would not have been an issue, that she was too studious to be a target on anyone's radar. She also figured she would have been spending her weekends at Hogsmeade, and that perhaps Ron and Harry would have convinced her to go to the nightclub with them. She remembered starting Eighth Year with a light heart and hopeful mind, and with the entire world ahead of her.

Now, the world felt very small. She felt very small.

And Hermione had grown up her entire life feeling anything but small.

She supposed all she could do was take equally small steps, the first of which being to sing in front of her peers. It was the perfect way to open herself up to a different sort of attention, to distract herself from everything that had been going on.

Hermione paused about halfway down from the top and tapped her chin thoughtfully. The hallway was empty, and she knew dinner still wasn't over yet. Daphne and Harry being in the corridor had to be a pre-planned occurrence. Perhaps Hermione could take this little bit of time to practice her song aca pella? She smiled to herself. Yes, that was a good idea.

Pacing back and forth on the stair she was on, the light from the perpetually-lit lanterns illuminating the area around her, Hermione lifted her wand. She chose not to cast muffliato, worrying that she wouldn't be able to hear the full effect of her voice is the acoustics were affected by the charm, and instead cast a ward that would notify if anyone was drawing within fifty feet of the stairs. Then, she wracked her brain, picked a Muggle song, and paced some more while she went over the instrumentals in her head.

Singing at the Revel was not the same thing as singing at home in her bedroom, or in the shower in her dorm. It was terrifying, and a lot of pressure, and not her best work. Singing at the common room Christmas party was so different that it wasn't even funny, and her audience was going to be people that she'd been in school with since she was eleven. People who saw her as the serious bookworm, not the powerhouse vocalist with the range of a battlefield. Everyone would be watching her, including Draco.

Hermione began to sing, closing her eyes and trying to imagine that nothing else existed but herself and this stairwell. Nothing, not the Revel, not Greyback, not Hogwarts, not Draco. Not even magic. Just her, her voice, and the step below her feet. She felt the music filling her up from within as though she had instruments swelling to a crescendo around her, and she let her voice flow out from between her lips as loud and as powerful as she could muster. She set aside all of her fears, all of her concerns. All of her pain.


If she could sing like this tonight, then she had nothing to worry about where her performance was concerned.

She just wished she could take that same energy - that same confidence and pride - into her interactions with Draco.

Humming the notes of another song under her breath, Hermione nixed her proximity alert ward and resumed her trek down the stairs. She felt a lot better about the Christmas party at least, but she had no idea what she was going to do about the rest of her troubles. She knew she couldn't sing everything away, but it did help to know that she had something she could escape into, even if it was just for a few minutes.

As she rounded the last bend in the stairwell, ten or so steps from the landing, she stopped dead in her tracks and accidentally dropped her wand. It rolled down the steps.

Draco stood at the foot of the stairs. His hands were balled into fists at his sides, and his head was down, his fringe falling forward to shield his face slightly from her view. If he weren't a werewolf, she would have thought he didn't know she was standing there. He was clearly panting for breath, signifying that he'd run here, to the owlery, as though she were in danger. Her heart skipped a beat, stuttering to a complete stop.

"D-Draco?" she stammered.

Was it him? Or was it the demon? Would he look up at show her a face full of rage, fangs, and crimson-red eyes? She wanted to take a step backward, back up the steps, but she felt frozen to the spot with fear.

Slowly, Draco lifted his head to gaze up at her. She saw silver eyes, saw them full to the brim with unshed tears, and a sudden wave of his emotions crashed into her heart through the mate bond. She nearly choked on air from the onslaught, her eyes feeling glued to his as his storm raged around her magical core. He flashed his teeth for a moment, just barely, as if he were in pain, and then he spoke as though someone were wrenching the words from the bottom of his heart, where he'd kept them locked for centuries.

"I love you."

Hermione felt the ground dropping from beneath her feet. Her palm smacked against the wall beside her as she nearly swooned, propping herself up as she stared at Draco with a terrified expression on her pale face. She hadn't heard him correctly, she couldn't possibly have heard him correctly. Because it wasn't possible for anyone - for him to - for Draco Malfoy to be in love with . . .

"What?" she whispered.

He didn't avert his eyes, like she would have expected him to, but it was not Alpha. It was him - Draco.

"I love you," he said again, and he took a step up. He sounded like he was in agony. "I fucking love you, and every second that I breathe this air knowing that my body hurt you feels like I'm slicing my throat with shards of glass."

Hermione watched him ascending the stairs step by step, slow and careful, like he feared the steps would crumble if he went too fast. Her heart was racing, shattering into pieces, as he gave her the whispered confession she'd been pining after in the corridor.

"I've told you I was sorry so many times, and it's not enough. It's never going to be enough. But I'll keep saying it until the day I die," he went on, crying silently as his eyes pleaded with her. He went up another three steps. "I have never before said that I was sorry for anything, but I'm telling you right here and right now that I apologize to you for everything I did to you. For all the things I've said and done, for all the ways I've destroyed you and built you back up just so I could destroy you again. I'm sorry for what I - for what I did to you. I'm sorry that I couldn't protect you from myself."

He was two steps below her now, and he was at eye level with her.

"I'm sorry that you have to be loved by someone as loathsome, as foul, as - as disgusting as me," he spat out, his fists trembling at his sides. He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and when he opened them again, they were blazing with self-contained rage. "I don't deserve you. I've never deserved you."

Hermione felt her emotions exploding before she could stop them, and she burst out into tears.

"Why's it always apologies with you, Draco? Why does everyone else get to be happy, and know that no one is going to hurt them, but me? Why does everybody I know get to live their lives without nightmares of the time the person they cared about most was forced to whip them on a bloody chaise, or wake up with tears on their cheeks because a monster took over that person's body and raped them? If I deserve something better than you, then why do I have you?"

She was sobbing uncontrollably now, wailing her words like a small, traumatized child, and she didn't care that anyone would be able to hear them. She was just angry. She was angry with herself for making decisions that led her to this place and for the first time all school year, she regretted speaking for Lucius Malfoy at his trial. She regretted a choice that she'd been fighting tooth and nail to defend, and it made her livid to know that she was being forced into repentance of something she'd never seen as a sin.

Draco jammed his hands backward through his hair. "Because I won't let you go. You deserve only good things, you deserve joy, and I only bring you torment because I won't let you go."

Hermione let herself sob for a few moments, turning her face away so she could collect her thoughts.

"You said you would never hurt me again," she whispered, wiping her tears away with the pads of her fingers. "The night of the Revel, you promised me that you would never let anyone touch me again. You said you would protect me, and then you broke your own promise because you were too selfish to overcome your self-hatred."

"Her -"

"No," she spat out, vision blurred as she pointed an ireful finger at his chest. "No. You put your self-hatred before my life. And now I'm . . ." Her throat ached and she sobbed, "Worthless."

He moved up one more step, looking down at her and shaking his head. "No, Hermione, no. You're not worthless. You're not."

"You said I was yours."

"You are mine." The words came out as a growl, and then he was on the step right below hers. His gaze scorched her face. "You're mine. I'm just afraid that loving you is what keeps getting you hurt."

Hermione desperately wanted to move back a few steps, up and away from him, but his scent was drifting up into her nostrils, filling her nose with the heady aroma of spearmint. Her magic keened for him, reaching for him even as he pulled his own away to keep them from brushing against one another. She wanted to wrap herself around him, around her mate, and kiss his tears away so that he wouldn't hurt so badly anymore.

But she also wanted to shove him away and watch him tumble down to the landing. She wanted him to know how badly she hurt inside, and she wanted him to understand that she would never again be the Hermione Granger that she was at the end of the war - the girl with hope and promise. She felt like she'd never again be anything more than his mate. His broken, sullied mate.

"I can't sleep anymore, because every time I close my eyes, he's there. He's there, and he's talking to me." He let more tears slip slowly down his cheeks. "Sometimes, it feels like a terrible dream, like I imagined it. Half the time, I can't remember if it really was me who -"

Hermione's anger skyrocketed and she slapped her hands against his chest to punctuate her enunciated, horrified words. "I can't forget that it was you! I'll never be able to forget that it was you! There won't be a day that goes by that I will be able to forget that it was your body that invaded mine! I begged you to stop, I -"

"I know!" he cried, grabbing her wrists and pulling her close. He quickly held tight to her elbows and shook her slightly, gaze intense. "Don't you think I know that? Don't you think that I was there for every fucking second that he hurt you?"

"It doesn't matter," Hermione said, fighting against him. "Nothing matters because it happened, and there's no taking it back!"

"It does matter!" he shouted back, pulling her close again. Hermione could feel her body trembling with fear, and it wasn't Draco's hands on her body. It certainly wasn't Alpha's.

It was the monster, and he was coming back for her. She just knew it.

"It does matter," Draco said, his tone beseeching her. "You matter."

"I don't matter," Hermione sobbed, ducking her head down and shaking it, her body trying to twist away. "Please. I don't matter."

"You matter to me."

The panic was going to tear her asunder. The demon was coming back. He was here. That's why he was here, cornering her on the stairwell. He was going to hurt her again, and she wasn't going to be able to fight back against him because she was stupid. She was stupid because she dropped her wand, and there was no way she'd be able to accio it when she was in such a panicked state.

Hermione was starting to hyperventilate.

Draco said passionately, "You matter to me, Hermione, and nothing will change that. I'm in so much pain every second of every fucking day, knowing that you feel this way about yourself, knowing that it's because of what I've done. I can feel it through the bond - I can feel your light dimming, and it aches. It -"

She snapped.

"Then stop loving me!"

She wrenched herself out of his grasp and stumbled up the stairs a couple of steps, chest heaving and tears cold on her face. He stared at her in open shock, his jaw visibly clenched. Hermione gasped for air, her anger causing her to feel overwhelmed and winded.

"If it's so hard for you to stop hurting me, and to stop letting me get hurt," she went on, "then stop loving me."

Hermione sucked in her breath, and she let it out in an emotionally raw sob. She clutched her hands against her heart, which hurt as though he were stomping on it himself.

"Stop loving me, just for now - just until I can look at you without seeing him. Please."

His eyes flashed and for a moment, she saw Malfoy. The Malfoy that had tormented her for years. The Malfoy who floated around the castle like a haunt during Sixth Year, sacrificing himself for his family's sake. The Malfoy who put himself in so much emotional turmoil that he lived in fear, breathed in fear, and acted out of it.

He came to stand on the same step as her, and she felt her back hitting the wall as he moved directly in front of her, facing her. He looked her directly in the eye, his face open and full of anguish, and he spoke.

"I can't."

Hermione's knees went weak as she lifted her chin and tried to look strong in spite of her inconsolable weeping. They studied each other's faces for a long while, Hermione wondering how she was supposed to get past this hurdle and cope. How was she supposed to admit she loved him in spite of everything that they'd been through?

How was she supposed to let the person who tore her apart pick up all of the pieces and put her back together with the same hands that broke her?

Draco took another step toward her, his body pressing hers firmly against the wall. He pressed his palms flat against the wall a bit above her head, caging her in-between his arms. The look in his eyes began to smolder and burn, the embers in his silver irises catching light and turning to flame.

"Let me kiss you."

"Stop loving me," she repeated, a low fire burning in her own eyes.

She wanted to push him away.

She wanted to let him kiss her.

Draco leaned his face closer to hers, tilting his head to the side. He breathed her breath as she gasped another sob.

"I can't," he said, raising his eyebrows and brushing lips against her only slightly. "Let me kiss you. Please."

Draco Malfoy never said please. He never said please, and he never said I'm sorry, and he certainly never told Hermione Granger the words I love you with tears in his eyes and grief on his heart.

It was too much.

"Please stop loving me," she wept, hardly able to see him through the haze of her tears.

His hands came away from the wall and cupped her face.

"Never."

He pressed his lips against hers and kissed her like it was the only thing he had left to do on this Earth. His tongue swiped along the seam of her mouth, silently begging her to accept his heart, and her lips fell open for him with a moan. She kissed him back, her hands wrapping around his wrists, their tongues pushing against one another's in an arduous battle that Hermione had no intention of winning.

Hermione pushed herself up on tip-toes to get closer, her own head turning to deepen the kiss he'd started. Her magical core was pulsing, tendrils of her magic lashing out like whips against his to tell him you hurt me, you hurt me, and his magic just absorbed every blow, reverberating with I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

It felt like she was on fire, and not with heat and lust. It was pain. Pure pain and torment as she indulged in something that felt like iniquity, something that told her the truth. That to be loved by Draco Malfoy was to be torn into thousands of pieces and sewn back together with threads of Fiendfyre, and to love him back was to burn to ash.

A bomb went off in Hermione's head. Another wave of panic swept her away and she yanked herself backward against the wall. Before she knew what had happened, she'd slapped him across the face.

"Please, I can't," she cried. "I can't!"

She saw the look in his eyes, saw his hand touching his sharp cheekbone, and then she saw his eyes darken. He was retreating into himself. He was pulling away, letting Alpha come forward.

"No!" Hermione grabbed onto the lapels of his blazer and pulled herself up onto her tip-toes again. She fixed him with a fierce glare. "Do not hide behind your wolf, Draco Malfoy. You have to face this. You have to face me."

Draco looked down at her, and it was the same look she'd seen on his face the day of the battle - when Voldemort had called him over. His eyes were filling with tears again and his chin was trembling.

"If you love me," Hermione said firmly, "then you have to look me in the eyes like this, and face what you did. No more fear. No more running."

They gazed into each other's eyes and for the first time since bonding with him, Hermione let her walls down. She completely opened her heart to him and let all of her emotions - every single one - flood into his body through the mate bond. Her magic ushered them along, letting them fill him to the brim until she felt his body beginning to tremble. He looked down at her in muted horror, a tear slipping down his cheek. Together, they bathed in Hermione's pain, and when he stumbled back against the wall, she let go of his jacket so she could watch the look in his eyes melt from horror to misery.

"Do you feel that?" Hermione whispered, her eyes narrowing as her magic overwhelmed him into dead silence. "Do you feel what you did to me? Until you can bear it - until you can face what you did - stop loving me. Because I don't want the monster. I want the man."

Draco just stood there and stared, the tears that fell from his eyes seeming like tears of shock as opposed to tears of despair. Hermione held his gaze, even though inside she was breaking down. And then, slowly, she saw something change in his eyes. She didn't know what emotion she was seeing - what exactly it meant - but it sent a chill down her spine. She almost felt guilty.

How was he supposed to separate himself from an entity that they had no clue how to defeat?

"Good show. Are we witnessing the break-up of the century, or what?"

Draco and Hermione both jumped and turned to look down the stairs. The voice had come from just outside the open doorway, but Hermione couldn't see anyone. She frowned and sent a quick look to Draco, whose silver eyes were narrowed.

A low growl rumbled out from his chest and he moved down one step, then over to the right, positioning himself directly in front of Hermione.

The voice came again. It was female.

"Well, well, if it isn't Draco's little Muggleborn slag. Come to send a message? Last time I was here, I sent a message, too."

Pansy Parkinson sauntered out of the shadows, arms crossed and a smirk playing about her painted-red lips. She stopped inches away from Hermione, leaned forward until she could smell the tangy scent of blood on her breath, and arched one of her perfectly-sculpted eyebrows.

"Did you get it?"
